user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197992340989,Not Recommended,252690,23404486,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,XPD8_Mario,"OK, so please read the full review instead of just taking note of my thumb down vote for this game. That was a tough choice to make. This program is a very mixed bag, some wonderful things in here that are blended together with some horrible design decisions.Context: I use this program as a face-to-face tool for my gaming group, no outside connections. So this review will ignore any feature dealing with that. Also, will not be comparing this to any competitors. My setup is a dual screen PC, with two instances of the program open. One (GM) on my monitor and the  second (Player) on a TV laying flat. Players are using miniatures and real dice, while I am using tokens and the program's dice.I'll start with the good. This program is POWERFUL! I can sit down and create almost everything I need with this. If I want to add a weapon type to my game, I can. If I want to change the way a spell works, I can. Edit text in a purchased adventure, create custom classes or races, add a grid to a random overhead map pulled off of google, build an adventure from scratch... all doable. It takes time, but from what I've experienced not much more time than if I were doing everything using a notebook and pencils. One thing I am especially grateful for, is that I can enter any dice roll manually, I don't have to use the program to do it.Combat is easy. As GM, I simply drag attack dice onto the player I wish to target and release. The program rolls the dice, checks the result against the appropriate defense (including saves), and calculates the result. Damage works the same way, including automatically changing to crit damage on a natural 20. As players, we do it the old fashioned way - they roll, I tell them if they hit or not. For their damage, I just add their damage to a ""wound"" field in the NPC's sheet, and the program adjusts the current HP for me. HP can be displayed in several ways, ""xx/xx"", colored circles, etc. There is a ""Combat Tracker"" that lets me do most of the work from just that one window. It handles attacks, iniative order,  HP, etc.I am using one of the prebuilt adventures, Lost Mine of Phandelver. We've only had a couple sessions, and are still very much in the ""OK,  wait a moment while I figure out how to do this"" stage of the game. There is a lot of clicking, and a lot of windows open at any one time. I haven't decided if this is a good thing or a bad thing, but mostly I think it will be good once I get used to it. The story is subdivided into very small parcels, which sometimes overlap. I've learned the reading several pages ahead is vital. Each page will contain any combination of description, shareable maps (both GM and Player), preloaded encounters (both roster and map placement), pictures, GM Text, and (likely) more that I haven't seen yet. The adventure appears to be word for word, picture for picture, exactly what is being sold for traditional gameplay. And so far, it works very well for taking an inexperienced group and immersing them into the adventure.Now, for the things that I don't like. Let's start with the very, VERY obvious issue. Price. This program is expensive, there is no way to sugar coat it. For starters, you need to pay $40 for the program. This gets you the basic license, and the core framework that makes the program run. For MY needs, the basic license is all I need - you can host, and connect a second instance using the same computer. For any groups where each player has their own computer, they also need to spend $40. Alternately, the GM can buy an ultimate license, for $150, and then other players can connect to his game for free. They cannot GM, only play. Now, this includes everything needed to play... technically. If you want to DO anything, like create a character, you have two options. You can spend hours at the kayboard doing data entry, copying everything from your Players Handbook into the program. Or, you can buy a players handbook addon... for another $50. Want the DM Guide? $50. Want the Monster Manual? $50. These will add themselves to your base install, but they do not come with a physical copy or a PDF. Physical copies, ironically, are about half this price on Amazon. Premade adventures cost $20-35, which is about the same as buying the physical book.The next thing bad about this program is the support. If I have a question, I know I will need 20-60 minutes to search through forums posts (or write my own), an outdated / semi-broken wiki, or YouTube tutorials (MANY of which are made by their customers). By and large, that is what the community expects new customers to do. There is no handholding here. In fact, while many forum members welcome newcomers with open arms, many more view Fantasy Grounds as their only child... anyone saying anything less that praise will be immediately attacked.Missing features, bugs, quirks... Fantasy Grounds has them. This program was not developed with Industry Standards in mind. Fantastic examples: Alt F4 does not exit the program. There is no way to print a character sheet from the program. Adding a weapon to inventory automatically adds attack data, but adding armor does nothing for defense - must manually edit the AC data. Adding a character's background during creation will add everything associated with it, languages, proficiencies, etc --- but changing/removing the background doesn't remove anything it added. It is actually quicker to delete the character and start over than it is to manually search through and fix it.Finally, there is the talk of revamping the program to run on Unity. Talk that has been going on in the forums since at least September 2014. This has been used as a reason that features/bugs are not being addressed, since their focus is on the new system. As a new customer, I fear that this is like chasing after a Duke Nukem game or Guns'n'Roses album... where there is a very real chance that if it DOES happen, it'll happen far too late to be of any relevance to most of us.Bottom line, this purchase is a gamble. This is not a single person game, you're relying on your group to be able to play it. At the bare minimum, you are shelling out $110 (base program, character classes, 1 premade adventure) or $40 plus days of programming the races, classes, monsters, equipment, etc into it. What makes it worse, is that you must research exactly what you do / do not need. The DLC total was well over $2,000 last time I looked, which is intimidating. The learning curve is very steep, with a lot of frustrations along the way.That being said, I'm glad I bought it. I'm confident that in time, I'll become proficient enough with it that it will an amazing benefit to my gaming group. Remember, this thing is POWERFUL. Despite the very valid downsides I've pointed out, this program does 95% of what I want it to do, and it does that well. I don't regret buying it. On the flip side, your mileage will vary, so I cannot in good conscience recommend it blindly."
,Recommended,252690,14234372,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Taroth,"Fantasy Grounds is quite honestly the best virtutal tabletop software. I've tried several, but I run campaigns exclusively on this now. This software has a massive learning curve. You can get the basics quickly, but to master it takes a while. It is so feature rich that you can automate 90% of the DMing with enough planning and set up. My players love the system - other DMs that play in my campaigns want to switch over.Combined with other software (map designing, photoshop, ect) you can create excellent and wonderful campaigns loaded with graphics built upon a fantastic under-the-hood ruleset system which takes the technical (mathematical) aspects comepletely from the game so you can have lightning quick combat encounters and focus on roleplaying. Of course the combat traker is wonderful if you want to have a combat heavy hack-n-slash campaign and only makes combat more enjoyable.The story design part of the game is great. You can pin combat encounters, NPCs, story elements, loot, exp, and more directly to the map. Experience can be awarded on command. Loot can be dumped into the party inventory automatically and the players can divide it themselves.Character creation is simple and easy. All of the math is again automated here. Just drag items to your inventory. Same with spells, but things get more complex if you multiclass, but its just part of the learning curve.Some will complain about connectivity issues. Port-forwarding is a simple thing to do, but VPN software can get around it. Mac -> PC does have some issues. I only have one Mac user in my games, but he has the majority of the technical issues. Tech support is very fast as well, but I've only had to use it once.Overall, I can't recommend this software enough. I have had hours of use with it."
,Recommended,252690,18145870,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,αποπτυγμα,"I did alot of research before investing in this software. I must admit I had some hard times figuring everything out in the beginning, mostly with parsing my homebrew. The good news is that as long as you play a supported system you need no parsing. The software does what it promisses and I like that there's no full automation as it allows me to change values and add my own houserules.I recomend ppl intrested in this software to not look at the guides at first (atleast for me it was confusing in the beginning) but instead look up ppl on twitch/youtube who use Fantasy Grounds, I would recomend looking at 5e or Savage Worlds campaigns.Also take full advantage of the forum and meet the great community, there's alot of help, mods, extensions, tips and fun over there.For me this software is simply the best software investment I've made in recent years and have become a necessity that I play around with even when I do not play a game. Just letting my fantasy flow and creating adventures or having a parsing session."
76561198012245691,Recommended,252690,20734924,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sparrow,"My comments are strictly from the perspective of a D&D 5e DM.Prior to getting Fantasy Grounds, I reviewed other options primarily because FG is fairly expensive - or so it seemed.  As I started pricing it, it became obvious that the D&D components were priced the same as full priced retail manuals - since they come with the full text and in-game functional tables, this makes sense.Once I saw it as a licensing issue and understood that this really was an electronically functional version of the game manuals, I was on-board - I wanted the real rules and the full text to be available to me.  Since none of my players had an FG license, I also elected to carry the burden and nabbed an ultimate license.One thing that you will hear is that Fantasy Grounds has a learning curve.  This is true.  I was 12 hours in before I felt comfortable with it and it was another 12 hours before I realized that I could have done a better job on some things.  As time has gone on, I have realized that I want things structured a little differently to better facilitate online gaming - things that don't become clear until you are actually hosting a game.To learn Fantasy Grounds, I recommend finding a PDF module that you want to use and then 'port' it as a module.  Create a campaign just for the module and start moving the text, creating encounters, and building parcels as needed.  There is a lot to learn, so use youtube and ask questions in forums when you get frustrated.At the time of this writing, I've DMed a pair of 4 hour sessions via Fantasy Grounds and have had a blast.  My players are satisfied with the visual and rules assistance provided by FG and I am thrilled to be DMing my first campaign since 1989.  I anticipate putting over 1000 hours into this software and appreciate what it allows me to do."
76561198043220284,Not Recommended,252690,32419589,Posted: 14 June,all,Celine Dion Voice of a Nation,"Comically complicated to use. Even simple tasks, like loading a purchased campaign, require a trip to the forums to sort through multiple outdated posts/instructions.  Nothing is intuitive, and you’ll likely spend many hours watching tutorials if you want to make your own campaign. Even as a player you’ll have to watch tutorials on how to make your character perform simple in-game tasks.Recently returned to using the program after an update to discover that the modules I purchased have disappeared. So, back to the forums and tutorial videos… again.There's plenty of fun to be had if you can endure the tedious learning curve... which you might have to endure again after every update."
,Not Recommended,252690,24343735,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TrevorU,"You need a deep wallet to play this game.I downloaded this game in hopes I could use this to DM a local group. Since we are just getting started I thought it would be nice to have a program that would show us the rules and do some of the math for us. I purchased a liscense thinking 40 bucks is a lot, but since its a one time fee it would be fine. I got into the game and found that all the features that seemed useful were behind a second paywall.I've requested a refund and would not suggest this product especially if you are just getting started like us."
76561197997391580,Not Recommended,252690,21734640,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,arinath,"As a life-long D&D player (I am 42 and have played since I was 10, from the Basic Blue Book and Chain Mail to 5th edition) I was REALLY excited about Fantasy Grounds. And when it works, it works very well.Unfortunately, ""when it works"" = not nearly consistently enough. My friends and I have been playing a 5th edition campaign using Fantasy Grounds and recently its been nothing but crashes to desktop CONSTANTLY. It seems to be a memory problem, where if Fantasy Grounds approaches using 4 GB of memory it shuts down.First, this program has NO business using that much memory - its just sloppy code. I can play Witcher 3 and NOT use that much memory.The networking code is also atrocious. Absurdly long load times on connection to a campaign, lag rolling dice, etc. Its just not well done.I can't recommend this product to anyone. Our previous campaign, a 4th edition one, was run in Roll20, and we didn't have nearly the problems we do now using Fantasy Grounds. Fantasy Grounds is DEFINITELY more robust than R20, but that doesn't help when you can't use it due to stability and lag issues. Pity. Stay away."
,Not Recommended,252690,10095449,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,E_128,"The UI is terrible and unintuative.I wasn't able to drag and drop spells and abilities like advertised, just couldn't figure it out.I wish I could get my 30$ back, This is not a polished GUI for RPGs.EDIT: I gave the product another chance, but I really can't get it to do anything. I can't figure out how to create an advanture. Comparing this program GUI to modern software is like comparing windows 3.11 with windows 7/8."
76561198174165825,Not Recommended,252690,34629772,Posted: 31 August,all,Super Bad Boi,"I've been using Fantasy Grounds for about a year now. A lot of play time, but a solid 50 hours of that time is probably for porting 4e content so I could use it. While it is a product I use when I play D&D, it is also an annoyingly bad purchase that pisses me off when I have to ask others to get it to join my campaigns. I'm going to have a pro/con list that I believe sums up my problems with this ""game"", but I don't believe it is all of it since I will not purchase the dlc due to it's price and stupidity of the whole affair of this.Pros--o FG is most definitely the #1 option for accessibility and ease of understanding, it feels comfortable when you have played with it for about an hour.o The icons and token system feel good and allow map combat to benefit a lot since you can make icons connect to PC's and NPC's so that damage is calculated by the game and input onto sheets (as well as effects).o They give you some monsters and items for 5e to use without having to write them out yourself.o Rolling is easy and can be done by clicking or rolling directly on the chat window. It does the math and will specify damage type in the text window alongside the rolls.o The notes and story tabs are useful for longer-term games. I dig them and use them.Cons --o There is no map building feature and you have to obtain every image and token for youself unless you are willing to spend hard-earned dosh to get their images.o The game costs $30 more than it should for what it is, which is essentially a husk that asks you to paint it to make it look nice.o DLC... look at the prices and come back to me saying that is an okay thing to do with what they give you the the base kit. The acceptable ones are the modules, but some of the DLC just feels like money grubbing for the most basic scraps.o The system is old and that is certain from the boot and any time you need to update. FG has some sort of personal site and log-on that it asks for but you don't need to update it. It just generally feels like it got lost to time, but never tried to catch up (likely because it would be ""too big"" an opportunity cost).o NPC tokens do not have a border and you need to use an art app to make one so that the whole deal doesn't look garbage. A great deal of FG is trying to make it look good with a system that doesn't give you much help in that department.o Small gripe, but the password system is random and you need to use one of their passwords for some reason. I don't know why this is.Final words: I love playing TTRPGs, but I very much dislike asking people to buy this game and always say to wait for it to be on sale (and even then I feel bad). The biggest problems with this ""game"" are money-oriented. This is because FG is for the money, not the players. Having a pit in my stomach for asking somone to buy this is all that I should need to say."
76561198063377165,Recommended,252690,12649401,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Manchine,"To DM this you have to learn some things but once you learn it.  You can make games so very easily.  5th Edition D and D is very easily done up here.  Absolutely one of the best programs I have ever seen for playing pen and paper roleplaying games over the internet. The demo version is fine if your DM has the Ultimate version of the software, which many I know do (myself included). The price-tag is a bit steep, and the learning curve does exist, but once you get rolling it becomes a train of fun with no end.Think about it this way: A new video game comes out, you nab it for 60USD or whatever. You can pay for FG and any suppliments you require, and have unlimited fun, barred only by your own imagination."
,Recommended,252690,32113576,Posted: 1 June,all,Grim,"OverallFantastic VTT program. Community is fantastic and the developers are very willing to help with any issues. I've enjoyed moving to FG (coming from Roll20). Night and day how much easier it is to prep and offer a session in this program.Pros:Combat automation is greatDM vs. Player viewing is easy (masking maps, pushing images & text, etc.)Very easy to add your own content (maps, images, content)Prebuilt campaigns are high quality and easy to runEasy to get everyone to connect to your session and start playingCons:Price is steep for Ultimate LicenceDLC offerings can vary greatly in quality (tokens, unofficial publications, etc.)User interface is not easy to nagivate initially (watching tutorials is required)"
,Recommended,252690,15454401,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ferrin,"I have had this for about a month now, it is a bit of a learning curve but otherwise easy to pickup and a great tool for DMs. Those of you who just want to play go to the Fantasy Grounds forums before buying and get into a game with an Ultimate DM and you can play using the free trial version. Full License is really only need for those who want to Make their own Games and play with anyone not a free trial member. The only difference from Ultimate is Ultimate can host a game for Free trial people. Keep in mind you have to schedule games on a forum somewhere to actually play this.There are a couple really active and it is really easy to join a game so do not let that discourage you."
,Recommended,252690,22904115,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,rodneyorpheus,"Negatives:The interface does have a bit of a learning curve.The network functions take some setting up if you want to GM a game, and you'll probably have to open a port on your router - this will require a little bit of technical knowledge, but if you are into GMing RPGs via the Internet, you probably can handle this.No built-in voice chat or video.Costs money.On all these counts its main competitor (Roll20) is vastly superior.Howver, if you want to play tabletop RPGs via the Internet, and you're prepared to pay for it, this is still definitely the way to go. Why?Positives:Built-in (free) rulesets for several popular games, including D&D 3.5, Pathfinder, Numenera, etc.Official support for D&D 5 Edition, and all its suplements and adventures.Loads more rulesets, adventures, and community modules available - in particular I would highly recommend the Savage Worlds ruleset, it works amazingly well if you want something that's not standard D&D.Drag & drop between rulesets, character sheets etc. Drag a skill from the rulebook to your character sheet - bingo, it is automatically set up for you. Drag your character's weapon on to an enemy token - combat modifiers are all automatically applied and damage calculated. This feature alone is worth the price of admission. I can't emphasise too highly just how great this feature is. Once you've tried it, there's no going back.Roll20 and other competitors are free(ish) so why would you pay for this instead?I was originally GMing using Roll20, but I quickly found that to do anything interesting with it I needed to subscribe. And a year's sub ended up costing me more than buying Fantasy Grounds would. So in the end I dropped my Roll20 sub and switched to this, and it actually works out to be much better value for money.This is definitely far and away the best solution if you want to get the true pen & paper expereince over the Internet. I can't recommend it highly enough.Note for Mac users: DO buy the Steam version of the main game, it's by far the easiest way to get it working on a Mac. However do NOT buy the DLC on Steam, none of them will work on Mac. Buy the DLC using the Store button in Fantasy Grounds itself, that WILL work."
76561198007957151,Recommended,252690,17525995,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Zacchaeus,"No question at all if you play any kind of Fantasy or other Pen and Paper game and you find that you can't get a group together round the table then you have to have this product. It allows you to set up combat encounters, treasure parcels, handouts and everything else that you could want. You can automate combat, spells and many other aspects of whatever game you play and build up your characters by drag and dropping.It doesn't completely automate everything and the character sheets are not fully fledged character builders such as HeroLab but what it does do it does exceedingly well. A huge feather in Smiteworks cap is it's collaboration with Wizard of the Coast which means that 5th Edition D&D is fully available through the program.It's brilliant stuff and has allowed me to revive my playing group which became geographically scattered and we're back playing Fantasy RPG's again, and it's even better than playing on a real table."
,Recommended,252690,32909606,Posted: 27 June,all,ChazRambone,"Best VTT on the market. Took a while to bite the bullet as the cost can be scary. Here's the thing... as a player you often times don't need to even buy! DM's like me have the Ultimate Edition and can host players for free with just the demo version! Go check out the forums to join a game and see what it's all about and you'll be hooked.For those of us with more money than time for prep the official campaigns are all available for you with 90% of the prep done... just read through the content and you're ready to go.  For those on a tighter budget you can easily import your own campaign, offical or homebrew. A DM can even just pay 10$/mo for an ultimate license (I'd also recommend the PHB and Class Pack as the campaigns load only content the DM owns) but with as little as that you can host all your friends at an easy price point."
76561197976482605,Recommended,252690,16564545,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ep!c,"Been playing around with this for a few months, played a handful of games, and it works great.It does have a steep learning curve, but the community is very friendly & helpful in forums and videos.If you very ambitious (and/or cheap) the Parse tools are great to make your own rules (new items, spells, races, etc).I bought the Ultimate Version knowing my friends are cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and its been worth it playing with my friends far and away.Its taken about 3 games to get comfortable with it and we are still finding cool features we never knew about.The community is so great they have a dedicated Teamspeak server for FG games!Cost of Fantasy Grounds if everyone gets it too: 39.99 eachCost of FG if you have cheap friends & you run the games: +114.99Playing with friends far away without doing the paperwork & math: Priceless9/10"
,Recommended,252690,20391476,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Talley Darkstar,"After months of teetering between Roll20 and Fantasy Grounds, I caught a video of a comparison between the two and the host actually worked at creating a this is what one has this is what the other has compared to this is better than that type.Let's Compare Roll20 & Fantasy Grounds ""What Do Both Of These Virtual TableTops Have To Offer?""and it convinced me to select FG as my Virtual Tabletop.  FG has a lot of tutorial videos out there to help in figuring out how to use it and I'm watching those to get a better understanding.  While yes, there are things lacking with FG, like integrated video and audio, there are ways around that.  People have used alternatives over what various game developers have created.  The community is great, a lot better than I got with Roll20.  Tried to PM a Roll20Dev about an email issue I had and never got a response back.  Plus, FG has Hero Lab integration, which is another RP tool that I use.  Normally I teeter after my choice, but the video planted firmly in my mind about the decision.  Sure I still like Roll20, but FG is my VTT of choice.--------So it's been almost a year since I wrote the above review, and I still recommend the platform, and I've invested heavily into it."
76561198057580043,Not Recommended,252690,21042824,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,cassussmundus,"Well this is a waste of money. Read very carefully. You are only getting a little bit for the base program. If you want to actually have access to the full system, you are paying double what you see. It is not what I was expecting. Look through all the DLC and add it up before you buy it. For me, it would cost 80$ for each person that wanted in, and as the GM, more for me. The base program offers little that I cannot get elsewhere for free."
,Recommended,252690,31340053,Posted: 24 April,all,Yagisan,"In this review I would like to first clarify what Fantasy Grounds is, and is not.Fantasy Grounds isn't a traditional game. In fact, it isn't a game at all. It is a virtual tabletop that allows you to play traditional role playing games over the Internet.By default it supports a variety of tabletop games. By supports it means that if you buy the prewritten modules (highly recommended) or type in the rules yourself (time consuming and not recommended) you can play these games online, with other people.It is certainly functional without buying a single module, but I think you'll agree that buying a premade module for your game is a better use of your time. Unfortunately due to licensing costs, modules from some publishers such as Wizards of the Coast (Dungeons and Dragons) are rather expensive.One of Fantasy Grounds great strengths is that it can automate many of the tedious tasks that bog down traditional games, things like automatic experience point calculations, applying combat effects and so on. Once you get over the initial learning curve, it becomes quite easy for the Game Master to design and run an encounter.There are 2 options with Fantasy Grounds, a regular or ultimate license. If you have the same Game Master for every game, buy the ultimate license. It is a site license that allows unlimited free (Demo) license to connnect and play. Players never have to spend any money.It is very important to realise that only modules owned by the Game Master (who is hosting the game) can be used. Players CAN NOT share modules with their Game Master.If you are looking at this as a player, I would suggest having the Game Master buy the Ultimate license, and the players gifting the needed game modules to the Game Master. Players should then use the free Demo license to connect.Happy Gaming."
76561198036496131,Not Recommended,252690,10109945,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,The Specter,"Fantasy Grounds is honestly too complex and unautomated like a computer program should be. The developers of this game placed a 40 dollar price tag on a game that's worth easily 15 dollars max. There is a website called Roll20 and it is pretty much Fantasy Grounds with much more customization, but here's the kicker, IT'S FREE! The DLC price is outrages, with a 40 dollar game i expect much more content rule set wise. Some of the DLC is nearly half the price of the game, i could find a PDF of a rule set online for free. Overall i do not suggest it."
,Not Recommended,252690,23008216,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Razzey,"Pros:Fantasy Grounds contains the basic portion of everything you want this type of product to have.Cons:The core/basic version is very limited.  You get the core.  Just enough to make basic functions workThe system is extremely clunky and frustrating.If I could make that any more bold, I would.  Simply navigating the maps is counter intuitive to how modern technology works.  It feels as if someone took a Windows 95 program and tried to polish it up to make it ""Working.""Any additional content upgrades are extremely expensive:The ""Ultimate"" or ""Ultimate Upgrade"" (if you already have Core) starts at $115 for few additional featuresEach module is nearly, if not more expensive than the official productHonestly, if this was reasonably priced, I would probably recommend it, just because, in theory, it has everything right there.  But considering that there are online websites that provide almost all of these features for free, it's absurd.I sincerely want to like this product, but get angry every time I use it.  It just barely works.  Once you get started, it's usually alright, but again, navigating the maps, zooming, moving tokens, using tools, drawing, erasing,allof those features are clunky, at best.  I hate saying it, because I love supporting those who try to make a living doing what they love, stuff like this.  I just can't support this.  I use it, because I already purchased it, but I'd not recommend it to anyone else.@damned (since I can't make a post this long, and the information might be helpful to others, I'm posting it up here)Hey there!  I'm sure there are a few tips or tricks to help a couple different things out, but honestly, I have two main complaints.  And maybe I should elaborate a little bit on them.1) The price gouging is extreme.  Why does this bother me so much?  Maybe these devs put their lives into this and this is how they make money, why should they be denied their income?  These are very valid questions.  I feel that for certain communities, such as D&D, Pathfinder, Tabletop games, board games, things like that, things that are centered around gathering your friends together and enjoying an experience that is completely unique, things that I hold dear, good publishing work, or good development material is rare.  I feel that it's extremely important to support these devs and publishers because without our support, how can they dedicate the time required to truly polish something that we're going to spend hours with our friends?  They can't, so we have to support them in some way or other.If you look at Paizo's model, most of their stuff is flat out free.  Obviously, they have stuff that you can add on, but the game itself is absolutely free.  All the information is available onPaizo.comor on d20.  But, because of this, it draws people in, and they see it's (generally) a kind community, full of helpful people and devs.  This is the kind of people I will support, and frankly, enjoy supporting.Fantasy Ground's model is price gouging.  They get you started on a ""Core"" version, which is exactly what it says it is.  It's the core.  Completely playable, but with few bonuses or perks.  $115 for an upgrade, or $149 for the ultimate without the core, is absurd.  Okay, so maybe it's not the worst thing in the world to have expensive pieces.  But, before I consede that, there's a caveat to this, which leads me to my second main complaint.2) It would be one thing if the game and all of it's addons were inexpensive.  Given they're not, I absolutely expect (if not demand?) a polished, complete, modern software system.  It is far from it.  Every time myself, or my wife go to play, we find something else annoying about this program.  Yes, there are ""Tips and Tricks.""  Good software does not require either of those.  It's free from it because it works extremely well from the start.  Take PCGen.  It's great software, it has a lot of minor issues.  It's also 100% free.  For everything.  Is the fact that it's built from Java annoying?  A tiny bit.  But I absolutely can't complain much because it's free. And, it offers quite a lot.To elaborate on what I don't like about this software:It has *almost everything* I actually want in this system.  But it's done so poorly, that time is taken from sessions just to get the stupid thing to work.  Want to move the map around?  You have a tiny piece in the bottom right corner, and holding that is the only way to move the visible map.  Want to zoom in and out?  Use the scroll wheel, at least until it starts moving the map for you, unwantedly.  Want to move a token?  Better hope that some of the tokens aren't overlapping, or you're going to have to move the top one out of the way, grab the second, then move the first back into place again.Also frustrating is *how* the options for drawing, erasing, adding effects (cones and such), and removing those work.  It's just slow, painful and not for the faint of heart.  the program is full of stuff like this, where it just feels like, ""Yes, this idea, pure brilliance.  Execution?  Absolutely terrible.""I honestly feel like it's worse than a poorly done Square Enix port of a playstation game onto Windows.  They can brighten up the graphics, they can polish here and there (because fantasy grounds is by no means ugly at all.  It has quite a nice look to it).  But the *mechanics* are so terrible.A side complaint I personally experienced, but to know, I may have been going about it incorrectly, was a situation where I had two computers trying to connect to a third host inside my own house.  Not all modems have the capability of setting more than one Port Forwarding to the same IP address.  Now, I know most of you will just say, ""That's your fault for having such a crappy modem!""  This is only partially true.  While I absolutely agree and often pay more for better internet and equipment (I'm in Networking, so I like this kind of stuff), if my ISP only has one option, and this ISP is the ONLY option in my current area, and is in a foreign country temporarily, there's just a limit to what one can do sometimes.  I tried adding a router, and setting it up.  I tried going through another computer, which distributed it's IP as the host, to no avail.  Could only get one to work, and not the other.  Like I said, I could have done something wrong, and probably was, but I only have so much time to research and troubleshoot before my guests have wasted a couple hours waiting for a session to start.  ""You only had to do this and this!""  Yeah, I get it, but you know what?  I didn't know it, and I don't always have an hour or two to find that resource to tell me exactly what it is.All in all,I really, *really* want to like this product.  Every time I go to use it, I'm conflicted.  It has great options, and great content, even in Core.  But, it's just done so poorly that I can barely stand it."
76561198005781020,Recommended,252690,30609791,Posted: 19 March,all,[GER]Mupf,"I bought the Ultimate Edition and I am very pleased that I can host a session for my friends, who can enjoy the fun for free, just installing the demo version of fantasy grounds. That is a really cool license policy, thumbs up!At the moment we play deadlands:reloaded and this tool works like a charm. It really helps me as gm to keep control and overview of many little things you have to do as gm. Fights are easily handled with all the little things that can occur like health changes, ammo usage, initiative changes, recover rolls and, and, and. I could go on but I think I made myself clear.The ability to share some information for the players and keep others for myself is wonderful. You can load easily own images and maps, so you are not forced to buy them from the company. But you know what I did it with some maps already because I want to support this cool license policy and the openess of this tool.Maps can be revealed step by step, fantastic.You can also write your own module, which is not an easy task, but the fact that the makers gives us the oppertunity is nice.If you like roleplaying and you have friends that cannot come together in real, because life has shattered them around the globe or country (or other reasons), this tool is really a must have in my view."
,Recommended,252690,27612312,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GoblinTown,"Fantasy Grounds is a great tool for role playing online.When I first tried it, I have to admit, I was a bit overwhelmed.  It has a lot of bells and whistles, a lot of things you can do with it, a lot of automation you can use.  It was a bit of a learning curve, but once I got used to it and played around with it, I was impressed with what you could do with it.Note:  I found Digital Dungeon Master on YouTube to be extremely helpful when learning how to use it.  He has a lot of tutorials available on his channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzRjU07iEZga5dxZOEpE1dQWhile it may be considered a bit on the pricy side, it's price is very comperable to the cost of the books you would normally be buying to play the games, it gets updated quite often, and if you simply don't want to pay for it - download the trial, and play with a game master that has an Ultimate License.  That gives you a fully functioning client and you play for free.  The amount of built in tools and automation for games like D&D 5e is amazing as well.  You can use as much or as little as you like.The conversions I have purchased have been very well done and worth the money I paid for it.  Having everything ready for me in the program, but fully modifyable is very much worth it.If you decide to give it a try, do yourself a favor and go to the forums and get involved.  There are a lot of great people that play, there are events like FG Con, and lots going on that you can be a part of.As someone that doesn't have the ability to sit down around a gaming table with a group irl much anymore, this has allowed me to enjoy one of my favorite pasttimes again.  If you are a tabletop rpg enthusiast, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,252690,27392389,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,松原咲,"I'll spare everyone the long and articulate review. If you play D&D, chances are you're a capable and proficient reader and/or writer. There are a plethora of informative reviews that you can peruse if you want highly detailed and microscopic introspections into whether or not SmiteWorks deserve your money.To be extremely brief:1. This program is extremely intuitive and convenient (more so than other programs of its type). If it seems too complicated, don't worry. Just stick with it. Almost all good things in life require *some* degree of time investment and energy. Does it seem too simplistic? Don't worry, its not.2. Yes, its a bit on the pricy side. Was it worth it? My playtime should give you the answer.Most importantly...3. My closest friends and I are now scattered thousands of miles away from one another. Fantasy Grounds lets us meet up every Saturday morning to slay overpowered homebrewed fiends using overpowered homebrewed abilities, debate the ethics of murdering Chaotic Evil demihuman adolescents and partake in solving simple problems with incredibly over-complex (and usually foolhardy) solutions.Fantasy Grounds has given my friends and I hundreds of hours of laughs and enjoyment. SmiteWorks deserves every single yen that I've thrown at them."
,Recommended,252690,20550604,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jaynay 🐥,"Last night we began our first session using Fantasy Grounds. I have previously been using another VTT to GM our Kingmaker campaign however I advised my players we would be migrating to FG at the beginning of chapter 2 to see how FG compares to the other VTT.So - How did it go?As a GM I have been impacted by the learning curve somewhat, but not to the point of giving up. The issues I have had learning FG were similar in scope to the learning curve for the previous VTT.I did not have the chance to test out combat before our session kicked off, so it was fairly slow to start. Again, the time taken for our first combat was comparable to our first combat in the old VTT.There were a couple of hiccups at my end due to inexperience. At one point i selected monsters from the bestiary and dropped them on the map, but could not work out how to then get them to the combat tracker. Ended up deleting the tokens, adding the monsters to the combat tracker first, THEN dragging the icons from the combat tracker on to the map. This was for an encounter  I had not prepared earlier, so I am keen to see how the pre-loaded encounters I have input work in actual play.Spells work very differently to our old VTT. In the old VTT we did not trust the spell system at all and most of the spell stuff was handled manually. What a pleasure it was to have FG manage all the heavy lifting for us with regards to the spells and associated effects.Speaking of effects - I think i need more help here. Perhaps I was doing it wrong, but things like Barkskin (Copy pasted from the FG forumshere) did not appear to affect the characters AC. Some of the included effects did appear to work as intended.Maps worked well except for 3 issues:1) Could not work out how to have FG measure player movement during combat (IE - manage how far characters are allowed to move each round). Not sure if there is a way to do this.2) At one point the map zoomed right in to one area for the PLAYERS only and they could not zoom out. Tried to sync view, re-share etc. In the end I closed the map and re-opened it and that seemed to fix the issue.3) Seemed that any player could move anyone else's tokens. Is there a way to restrict movement of tokens only to the player who 'owns' the character and the GM? (edit - apparently there is - according to the forums)Libraries took a few minutes to sync (the first time), but hopefully this wont happen every session.So - the bottom line:(TL;DR)My players LOVED IT. Absolutely no question we will be sticking with FG from now on. I took a big chance buying the ultimate licence, but after last night I have NO REGRETS.Thankyou Smiteworks for this great product. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,252690,16861034,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Coots,This is the best Tabletop Sim I have ever used. For the people who keep complaining if you want to play D&D with people then join a guild or play with friends. Those who want to become DM's and keep saying it to complicated watch some youtube videos.
,Recommended,252690,26453007,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Freyar,"Fantasy Grounds feels old, but it certainly has done well in making running D&D5E games much easier. Certainly not friendly to new users, there are certain quirks that you simply must pay attention to. Some ""order of operations"" are vital in getting the most out of this utility, and while it is expensive if you want ""everything 5E"", you're really only paying $40 for the program, and the prices for the WotC books are pretty much the same as you'd get retail.After running a campaign using Fantasy Grounds, I found that the number of tools useable certainly lets the game move forward.  As a DM, the only real complaint I found myself fighting with was the lack of real-estate on a lower resolution. The tablet I am running this program on runs at 1280x800. While usable, I intend to use a secondary monitor for more space to hold things so I'm not having to shuffle stuff around as if I were playing ""Papers Please"".With an Ultimate License, my players only had to grab the demo version and connect. It was pretty simple on a local network, and most were very positive about it as it let us focus on what was being done and not the actual math behind it all (though at times we did do manual calculations for giggles when manual rolls were desired.)In the end, it let us progress quickly through the game, and I'll happily use it again."
,Recommended,252690,16845612,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cl0ckw0rk921,"Steep learning curve, but the community is strong and there are plenty of how-to videos on working with the system. The 5th Ed support is really good, the drag and drop qualities for character sheets speeds up the process quite a bit while enforcing some integrity during character generation. As a DM you can spend quite a lot on this software so that your players, and you, have access to all the monsters, maps, and PHB in-game but for the DM on a budget: you can add in your own NPCs and such manually without having to make the purchases...it'll just cost you time.While it did take time to learn how to use all the tools at my disposal, with a positive group it doesn't make it too rough. I never really had a point where we had to stop the game (for an extended period) to figure out how to accomplish something mechanical, and adding new loot, encounters, and challenges works well on the grid overlay for your maps. Overall it does a good job of giving you the tools and letting you decide how to use them."
76561197990445547,Recommended,252690,10122150,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,[SXG] ballan4,This is more of an application than a game. I've found that the interface takes some getting used to but it does work very well. I've picked up an additional ruleset and it's great for using offline to get used to the gaming system if you aren't going to be the GM. With what it comes with out of the box I think it's a great value for the money. It's hard finding people to play face to face with but with FG it's a lot easier.
,Not Recommended,252690,33036539,Posted: 30 June,all,TheLostOne(JamilNielsen),"To my knowledge this was developed back in 2002-2005, and for the price asked i cannot recommend this product.Firstly the program is vastly outdated in every way.Framework,Interface,Content,etc.while graphics are not important, it hurts my eyes to look at graphics from 1980's and while this is not really a problem, it is for the price asked.this is a essentially a freeware program that asks for money.i was suggested to try it from friends that use roll20, so far, and i will update this if it changes, but so far roll20 is far superior in every way.the only advantage this have is its inbuild Libary, were you have to re-buy everything you own DnD wise or otherwise if you want to use it.i cannot recommend it for any reason as theres better and cheaper alternatives out there."
,Not Recommended,252690,32795252,Posted: 25 June,all,User3rror,"This program is lightweight and powerful... Yet I can't help but feel like I sold my sould to buy this program.  This program is old, and despite any fresh new skin the developers can give it, without any major overhaul of the whole program it will always give signs of its age with its clunky interface and counterintuitive controls.  In addition to buying the software, you need to buy the material for the game you want to play.  While you can get a lot of mileage from the less expensive bundles they have, the core rulebooks for games can cost a lot of $$$.  The alternative is that you can take the time to add the content you want to play with manually, but this is very time consuming and the current version of the software does not allow for the creation of a reference document inside the software.  So unless you know how to and like to code, your module will automatically have less functionality than the modules that you can pay $$$ for.  The software does work well in windowed across multiple monitors.  For me this helps mitigate a lot of the frustration of windows within the program not always coming to the front when clicked on.  I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,252690,17299361,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Marswipp,"If you're not used to playing table top RPGS, the price tag on the base license may seem indimidating at first. It is about what you would pay when purchasing one or two books in any given rule set.Here is what you get with the base license:The ability to connect to any paid license able to host a game.The ability to host any paid license.3.5E rule set with enough open game content to host.4E character sheet and one game module.5E character sheet and basic rules.The core of the d20 rules (CoreRPG).Fate Core SRD ""book"" and character sheetNumenera character sheetPathfinder rule set with enough open game content to host.A default selection of tokensA default selection of portraitsThis does not mean you cannot connect to someone hosting one of the other supported rule sets--or a custom one for that matter. The game masters can and will share the game-specific player content. Thus, only the game masters may actually need to purchase additional content, depending on what they choose to host.Overall, my opinion is that the utility far outweighs the price."
,Not Recommended,252690,10340338,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Cirth,"Don't buy this unless you already have a group of friends/people that are willing to buy/play it and/or want to play 3.5/pathfinder.  Those are the only, ok maybe not only, that is pretty much all you will find that are looking for players besides demo/one shots.This game is technically misleading it says it has the rulesets for 3.5/pathfinder and 4E.  That is BULL-SH!T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Most people see the ""rulesets"" as modules/library, for 4E you have to go to a 3rd party pay a $10 a month for a parser and put the file into the FG or do it by hand.I have been looking for a group for awhile ended up having a dumb♥♥♥♥♥give me a link to pathfinder when I stated I wanted to join only 2 different games and that I didnt want to play pathfinder and/or 3.5.Ended up that the same guy posted the same god damn thing word for word to maybe a dozen other people looking for a group.  I recommend finding a free program or search online for people to do this over webcam on skype."
,Not Recommended,252690,24266940,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tommy,"I bought this game a while ago and have spent all my petty 8 hours attempting to learn to system. While the learning curb is steep thats not what makes me not recoment this game. Recently some friends have asked whether or not to buy the game and let me host as gm, at first i thought ""Great! ill just go get some DLC so itll be a little easier for them to get into the software and maybe get a campaign too."" but to my surprise when i got to the store i found that the players hand book, the most essential part part of D&D, not only was included in the base 40$ software, but was 50$! more than double the hard copy! and its the same with the DMs guide and monster manual, not to mention the campaigns are extremly over priced at 36$. They are ripping people off and it is so infuriating that they can get away with this."
76561198043030675,Recommended,252690,20024036,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,grim-jack,"Really, really good.  Software has finally got to the point where a DM can focus on telling a story, not hunting through rule books.Update to review:I've been using this software for almost a year now, at first my players were apprehensive, but once we got past the learning curve of using it we all love it.  I don't think any of us would go back to throwing dice now.The initial investment is fairly steep but IMO well worth it."
76561198042981595,Recommended,252690,25275503,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Fugitive Utopian,"This app was the best thing ever for my d&d group. I was worried that this would just turn my RPG into a miniture fighting game. My worries were unfounded, it is a story telling game like a RPG should be. My players reside in multiple states and time zones and we play every week vs find new players and start over. I recomend this for any adult who games and finds the travel time and time away from the house/family creates issues, this app will reduce that. 10 of 10"
,Recommended,252690,28767048,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pomf,"A lot of people complain about the price of this game, which I somewhat agree, but in reality if you bought all the books that this game included in the base game for rulesets, it would be way more expensive than this game at full price.Furthermore, no other online pen+paper game captures the ""feel"" of in real life pen+paper to the degree that Fantasy Grounds does, on this account alone it is worth the price if you plan on playing a lot of pen+paper. I've tried all the other free and paid options, and only Fantasy Grounds makes it feel like you playing pen+paper as if doing it IRL with friends."
76561197997421626,Not Recommended,252690,16509832,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rumgoblin,"I was under the impression that it had D&D 5th edition attached to it already --which is why I bought it for myself and one for a friend...if you look at the first video, you'll see my confusion. Suffice it to say that this is a very modular program, which comes with nothing of real use...until you buy MORE AND MORE AND MORE packs of addons, I don't even think it came with any useful attachments. I think the consumer value of this program would be increased if the customer could select one pack for free...the program costs @$30 and it just sits there. I purchased some of the 5th Edition addons...doubling the price of my investment in this program. I am sorely disappointed in this, and at this time I cannot recommend this program."
76561198021441625,Recommended,252690,33153628,Posted: 2 July,all,kennyS,After reading reviews that people have written I am going to chime in. This program is not complicated or overpriced. You can check fantasy grounds' website and before you purchase the program you can just get a subscription and check it out instead. The reason the program is 149.00 for an ultimate license is that it allows players to download the demo version and connect to the ultimate license and play for free. Players do not have to purchase the program unless they want more functionality. The program is not hard to figure out. There are plenty of tutorials and they are constantly adding to the program with updates and new content.
,Recommended,252690,12651521,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Psychic Kitty,Well I found this neat utility...and I have to say it makes Playing many role playing games alot easier with a computer and at long distances.  I admit I am not used to using such a program....so for me its still a work in progress.  But its potential is limitless for table top gaming.  There are many DLC things available.The only drawback someone might have might be the costs.Now here is how this program works....you can get it free.....but to utilize alto of features you need to get what is called a gaming liscense.  There are two available...on and beyond just the free version.  One is the standard one....whihc lets you play with allthe stuff and join games online etc....but unless your friends have a standard version they cannot connect to you and let you be a GM.The other liscense is a GM liscense.....this is pretty cool...as it lets anyone even people with the free one join your game and play...they can even get the rules and books you are using....The second one is expensive....but if you like gaming its worth it.Steam has alto of stuff available....and you can get more form their website.One failing is that even though this software supports alot of games....not all games have things available for this utility.....so...you end up having to make your own things....thats if the game is not something you have modules for.I recoomend this program for any gamers who like doing table top role play.....its a useful item.
76561198116716032,Not Recommended,252690,26354587,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Issamont,I love D&D and have sense the mid 80's (yes I'm that old) but I rarely use Fantacy Grounds as a playing platform because it is unreasonably priced. Lower the costs and you might find a larger audience.
,Recommended,252690,23336288,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PooKie,"If you enjoyed playing pen&paper, you are gonna LOVE Fantasy Grounds.I\'ve been playing both D&D and Warhammer for about 15 years, i\'ve got every book ever made about the game, and dice in an almost infinite amount of colors. - im a huge fan, and i have strong feelings about this game, since i grew up with it more or less.Pros:-Super efficient.-Removes the need for actual paper and/or books.-Has a nice UI.-Everything is customizable. (atleast to my knowledge)-You make the rules.-Trackers for so many things, like combat, HP, wounds, and loads of other stuff.-Very easy to get into (you might need some port forwarding)-Easy to join/leave lobbys.-After each session you type in \""/save\"" in the chat, and it saves everything everytime.-Never experienced crashes of any kind.Cons:- Fantasy Grounds simply does not work with the steam overlay. (Shift+Tab) and should be deactivated.- If you dont know your way around D&D or similar games, this might be tricky to get into.- Many features and ingame options seems to be somewhat difficult to actually get to, without digging.(by that i mean, some features are kinda hidden within other features and options. - Everything is in the game, you do not lose out on content, but some of the things, to me, was a bit weird to find.- Too expensive. The retail copy sells for €36.99, which is way more than this application is actually worth. Dont get me wrong, i absolutely love it, but no matter how awesome you make books look on a screen, its not worth €37.- As mentioned above, the port forwarding CAN be an issue. Not everyone is experiencing it. What this means, is that your router and/or internet provider does not support certain ports, in this case \""1802\"" in Fantasy Grounds, and you need to manually make an exception for fantasy grounds. This can be done pretty easily. google it.CONCLUSION:This game is so much fun, and despite it having a few things here and there i\'d like changed, its easy to live with.I have grown to love this game, and using my imagination with this game is absolutely amazing.I would 100% 10/10 recommend this to ANYONE who have the slightest interest in D&D and the like."
,Recommended,252690,23884273,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LTheMagicman,"Love this program. You get what you pay for. There are other VT options out there, but this one is the best for 5e IMO. Roll20 is a free option, but is bleh unless you are willing to script it. I'm too busy to do that so I stick with Fantasy Grounds. Very easy to use. Tons of great features. All my players love that I use this for displaying maps and art. I run a hybrid game. Use this program to assist with running adventures in person."
76561198008662288,Recommended,252690,28245129,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,HeadCase,"An unbelievably awesome program! I have waited years to find something like this. It is a VTT (Virtual Table Top) system for playing any RPG you can imagine. Many of the most popular systems (and their various editions) are either pre-loaded or available for a competitve price. All VTTs have that capability but only Fantasy Grounds has the rulesets LICENSED from publishers like WotC and others. So it is the OFFICIAL stuff and not what some greasy dude half put together and loaded to a forum as on other VTTs.Plus the presentation is epic! Some VTTs have a few bonus gimicks, but once you play FG you will see that the maximum fun and playability is applied with ALL the features you need and more!However, be aware that the learning curve is sharp for the first two hours. You will open it and be WTF do I click, as it isn't setup like someone's VB app dice roller. Watch a few youtube videos and read a bit of the manual. Once you get a few of the icons down, it's fine after that. Any new sections you come to will be easy because you understand the formating and layout of FG. So hard at first, easy forever.And the forum on their website is awesome! So many great people looking to help and looking to run games.100 hour update: Still going strong and the games have been AMAZING! Top tip: watching a couple tutorial videos helped many get over that early learning curve."
,Recommended,252690,28554005,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Garbot,"Absolutely worth the money if you and your gaming group have moved away from each other. I didn't think I was going to play D&D with my old group ever again until we decided to give Fantasy Grounds a try.Despite some of the quirks and the difficult learning curve for more advanced features, anyone familiar with D&D should be able to quickly get a game going.I love being able to create my own campaign and adventure modules. Fantasy Grounds keeps track of things way better than I ever did previously as a DM.There are some great tutorials online covering play and content creation."
76561198013168912,Recommended,252690,29487541,Posted: 25 January,all,TT_DoubleOh7,"So I bought FG just a few days ago (Saturday and it is now just Wednesday).  I have never used a VTT before and the only other similar program I have ever heard of was d20 (but not sure that is a VTT) which I know almost nothing about.Anyway, I am loving this software.  I am excited to get my first module complete so I can play my first session with my children.  They are already excited about it as well.  This is so much better than playing at the actual table.  Just the automated Character bookkeeping was enough for my kids to be interested in playing D&D again.I did a lot of research about the software before purchase.  So I had seen all the comments about a steep learning curve.  Trust me it is steep.  Also unless you intend to buy modules it will take a long time to set up your own in order to play your first session.  However, if you are aware of this going in and stick to it, I believe this software is well worth the cost.I jumped in and went full monty with my initial purchase.  I bought the ultimate license (as this allows my kids to use the demo version when I DM; and I have at least 4 children who will play and more might join after watching our first session).  I also bought the 5e DM Guide, PHB, and Monster Manual.  I had been using 2/2.5e until now so this also has increased my learning curve as the D&D rules have changed significantly.  So $300 later I am all in and happy with it.I haven't even played my first session yet.  Only one small test session. I am still creating my first module.  Also another big plus for me was the FG community.   If you buy this, make sure to sign into the forums and ask questions.  The help there is almost immediate.  They also have a dedicated TS server but unfortunately not a single person has spoken to me in it.  Everyone seems to be in dedicated sessions, so is probably too busy playing to bother with someone sitting in tech support channel.  LOLAfter playing my first session I will add to this review.  But I love it so far and doubt that will change.  The more I learn the more I like it.   So my recommendation is a resounding ""Hell, yes""....LOL"
76561197969066488,Recommended,252690,20315449,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Warlok,"As a fan of D&D Pen & Paper ... Fantasy grounds is not a game, its a virtual table top for various P&P RPG games which will allow you to play those magical games online. It also makes all my d&d books available at the click of a mouse. Creating a character is a lot of fun with the drag and drop from the rules. I'm looking forward to running my own campaign with one of the adventure modules I picked up on special.The base module comes with the free basic rules which will allow you to play D&D with your mates."
,Recommended,252690,32492451,Posted: 16 June,all,MASTODON,"I love Fantasy Grounds. I've been playing FG for a while now and having a lot of fun with it. I used to love playing D&D in high school and have found FG is something that I've waited for for a long time. There are pros & cons to FG, as with all games. The only con is the prices (but they are just ""one time"" prices). I usually only buy DLC if its on sale. There are too many pros to list. Some examples would be: The FG Community/Discord, Official Wizards of the Coast content, Can play many other table top RPGs other then D&D5e."
76561198026306655,Not Recommended,252690,29312884,Posted: 17 January,all,Incandescent,"It's not intuitive, it runs like a very old cobbled-together program. You can't simply create a D&D character and print it, for example. The system expects you to purchase content and ONLY use that content in FG. If you're really willing to learn the FG system and pay a premium and you never expect to do any gaming outside of FG, you might like it. For me, it was a waste of money. A large waste of money since I purchased 5e D&D content expecting to be able to flip through it and print out characters using an elegant chargen system like WoTC used to offer on its website during the 4E era; but nope. Only buy Fantasy Grounds if you expect to do all your gaming in FG and never want to print, export, or use any of the information offline.Even for online play I'm not sure at all why WoTC went with FG as it's ""main system"" because products exist out there that seem to offer a better online tabletop experience. I now have an expensive dud of a program in a format I'll probably never use."
76561198046945917,Recommended,252690,13204018,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KremitZeFrarg,"I bought this a while ago, mostly to manage my obsession with making characters, but also to help with making my campaigns. It may be more of a hub than an actual creation program, but it can connect players and DMs on easier and more honest terms, and any custom content is easy to port in. The only issue I've had is adding maps, and that is just resolution differences with a map generator. It's not perfect, but it was worth what i paid for it."
76561198016469652,Not Recommended,252690,21528844,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,gnarlygoats,"After having spent around a hundred bucks into this program for the ""full"" license and the 5E PHB for the new DnD system, I have yet to play the new DnD game in around a month after having bought this stuff.  Other reviewers are correct in that if you do not have a group of people to play games with online prior to purchasing this tool, buyer beware.  The learning curve seems to be pretty steep.  I say ""seems to be"" because I have yet to actually play the game that I bought the software for.  What the ""promos"" don't tell you is that you have to go on the fantasy grounds forums, game calendars, and schedules, and ""sell"" yourself as a player to the groups that may or may not have a spot for you in their group.  There is a lack of DMs, and hundreds of players looking to game.  If you can't get into a game, the official ""response"" on the forums is ""have patience, keep trying, play another game besides 5E, or 'what's keeping you from being a DM yourself?'""  When a person has seen this response a number of times all over the forums it is highly discouraging.  I am new to 5E as well, and don't have the confidence to DM myself.A typical example of the ""game calendar"" would be a 5E group that has 4 players currently, looking for 2 more, with 20 or more ""applicants"" vying for position to play in this group.  Sounds like applying for a job to me, and this is what I dumped 2 ""A-list"" games worth of cash into to ""not"" play."
76561198032279250,Recommended,252690,32074698,Posted: 30 May,all,EZ,"DnD, why yes please. I find it a mile better than roll 20."
76561198031347361,Recommended,252690,32053367,Posted: 29 May,all,Lowly Scribe,"Used it extensively to play and DM D&D (5th ed) games over the past month.  The program has allowed seamless play and the automated features and trackers have in many cases sped up the rate of play, particualrly during combat, XP/treasure distirbution, character creation, and adventure preperation. Some features have a learning curve; however, the community has is very helpful and the guides and turtorials avaiable provide more than enough information to get you started. For those looking for a virtual table top to host thier RPGs, I recommend this program."
,Recommended,252690,26989104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drako,"Absolutely the best table top role-playing game / application around.  I've spent countless hours readying my sessions in Fantasy Grounds, reading through a source book, or laying out maps.  A must for anyone who plays table top RPGs."
,Recommended,252690,27337048,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NaomiLynn,"Best program ever when it comes to running a tabletop game. So much so that i don't think i will ever play a pen and paper game with people at a real table ever again. The tools at your disposal for running are amazing, really help with the immersion of the world, and there is still more to come out of this program with future updates. Not only can you play DnD rule sets of different editions with this software, but you can play a number of other types of rulesets using  the same program.The greatest thing about this program, besides how everything inside it works, is that you arent just limited to friends that you know. The online community is amazing on the forums, with just one post you could be playing a game in minutes, hours, or a couple of days depending on what type you are looking for, and timeframe. You can play with anyone in the world that has the program. You dont even have to buy it if your DM has the DM edition, all you have to do then is download the free demo and you can play with everyone else just like you own the program."
,Recommended,252690,23021269,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,callahan09,"Fantasy Grounds is a very high-learning curve virtual tabletop with a ton of versatility and the ability to really play just about any tabletop RPG you can think of with a little effort.  Some rulesets are built-in for free, such as D&D 3.5/Pathfinder, D&D 4th Edition, and of course D&D 5th Edition.  Other rulesets (such as Call of Cthulhu; Savage Worlds; or Castles & Crusades) are available for separate purchase.  Anything you can think of can really be created manually, if you don't want to spend the money or if it hasn't already been created & distributed for free on the community forums over atfantasygrounds.com.The interface for the program is very friendly if you've got a mouse attached to your PC, not quite as intuitive if you are trying to use a touchpad or something.  So while I usually don't have a mouse attached to my laptop, I definitely go out of my way to attach one when using Fantasy Grounds.  There are lots of functions in the software that will take some tutorials to understand and get used to, but once you've devoted a couple of hours play-time to the software you'll be able to control it second-nature and it's all pretty intuitive once you get used to it.The ability to buy official add-ons from publishers seems like a bad thing to some people, because they see the add-on content adds up to over $2000 worth of stuff if you buy it all, but don't be dismayed, it's really an illusion.  None of it is necessary!  If you buy just the base software, you get access to the full Pathfinder & D&D 5e rulesets, which are the two most commonly played roleplaying systems today.  Both include official SRD content so with no additional purchase you will have access to a decent variety of character race & class options with lots of spells available for the spellcasting classes, and tons of monsters available for you to build an encounter if you're a GM.  You can then build your campaign, your story, your encounters, etc. and import any maps you might download for free on the internet or even that you may have created yourself .  So you can really play a full campaign without buying a single add-on.Add-on modules just take all the work out of it for the GM.  It basically eliminates prep-time.  You get encounters pre-built, non-SRD monsters & NPCs are included already, maps are included, treasure parcels, story-items, it's all built into the module and very easy and fast for the GM to run.  If you want to spend the money on this functionality, you can do so and save yourself some time & effort.  If you want to save the money and you already have that same module in PDF form or in printed form, you can still run it in Fantasy Grounds without buying the Fantasy Grounds module.  Of course this must be possible, because Fantasy Grounds is set up to allow you to play any homebrew campaign you can dream up, with any characters you can imagine, any NPCs, monsters, items, etc.  You can customize it completely to allow you to do things that no pre-built or sold package can accomodate!  It just takes a little knowledge of the system.  The Fantasy Grounds community forums are great for helping people learn how to do this stuff.  They are very helpful over there and respond quickly (usually).Other add-ons like the $50 Core Class Pack for D&D 5e are also no TRULY necessary.  If you have the PHB in print, you can create those characters in Fantasy Grounds without having the Core Class Pack, it just takes some extra effort, some extra typing on your part, and a little extra in-depth knowledge of how to set up spell effects &things like that, but it's a very powerful & versatile program that lets you do it if you just invest the time.  For those more interested in paying some money instead of time and effort, then you can buy the class pack to save time, letting you create non-SRD character options by dragging & dropping.That's the key to Fantasy Grounds.  You can do anything with it with a little time and effort, or with a little cash to buy somebody else's efforts and import it into your game rather than you doing it all yourself.So with Fantasy Grounds, you get a very robust, powerful, versatile virtual tabletop that is expandable and customizable depending on your time/effort/cash preferences.  It is stable and fast.  And it automates a great deal of running the game.  It's very easy for new players to learn to play with Fantasy Grounds.  The GM has a lot more to learn, but players can just basically follow the lead as they click through the mostly intuitive interface to play the game.  Depending on the rule system you're playing, there could be more or less automation and drag & drop ability for running the game and managing characters.  D&D 5e is currently, in my opinion and with my limited experience with other rulesets, by far the best ruleset to play in Fantasy Grounds, it is the most automated and has the most drag & droppability.  It's very easy for new players to learn Fantasy Grounds and to learn D&D 5e in general when using Fantasy Grounds with the 5e ruleset.The best part is that you can use this software either to manage your in-person roleplaying sessions and keep track of campaign & characters.  Or you can use it to play with distant friends that you don't get to see in person enough to play.  Or if you don't even know anybody who wants to play RPGs, but you yourself are interested, well of course you can go over to the Fantasy Grounds forums and find a group to play with online!"
76561198100923913,Recommended,252690,30308485,Posted: 3 March,all,Drakgul,"This program is amazing. I will talk about its use for presential sessions, as this is the use i have given to the program with one minor exception. I will first list the pros and cons.Pros:-planning encounters with automatic xp and challenge level calculations-tracking of players, levels, HP and initiative all in one place (no more running 6 apps at the same time)-Campaign sessions saved so you can remember what you did last time and what you planned forward-library, with ability to create and change monsters, items, and rules in general.-Running encounters in mapsCons:-Expensive-Have to buy separate libraries to have full experience-Setting up a server is a hassleI have used Fantasy grounds for one quick one player session (to try it out) i made a one shot adventure for my GF and she loved it, she said although the program takes a bit to get used to. After about 30 minutes she got the hang of it and it run quite smoothly. Encounters are a bliss running monsters is a lot more intuitive than keeping track on a playmat since when they hit one you dont mix up who got hit on a piece of paper. Also she told me that not having to remember all the rules by heart, and having her character auto roll for damage with all modifiers was awesome.When using it in a physical session, it is also great help, you can plan fast encounters, keep track of all player hp and monsters at the same time without hassle. Also for me keepong all my sessions and story written parts saved is awesome, also you can keep maps interactive and use them as a dm to keep track of traps, mosnter locations etc.All in all awesome program, if you can afford it definitely get it, it will make your life as a dm easier."
76561197960629784,Recommended,252690,20279854,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hand,"I started using Roll20 about 2 months ago and DMed a game for a subscribing player. After 1.5 months, we got thru most of the Lost Mines of Phandelver. Every night the game would lag and stall and all of the players would have to refresh multliple times an hour. As the DM, I used two monitors and just alternating reloading them to try to keep the game going. I dont know how much of this was due to the API scripts that the Sub was using, but he assured me that it was typical. I tried all 3 major browsers (chrome and foxfire worked the ""best""). This really put me off Roll20.So I looked elsewhere and found Fantasy Grounds, we have used it several times now and it has worked very smoothly. Just like Roll20, the learning curve is the steep, but I highly recommended this software as a gaming platform. Once you enter your weapons it auto applys damage, keeps track of effects, and provides a stable platform to game on. You also have the option of spending a little cash and getting the entire module preentered and ready to go.The one big drawback is it doesnt support dynamic lightning like Roll20. Personally, I dont like dynamic lightning. I think it makes the game feel claustrophobic. Others like it though so that might be a deal breaker for you."
,Recommended,252690,34130535,Posted: 9 August,all,Ken Hinxman,"Amazing program with great customer service. I've been using Fantasy Ground both as my online D&D program, and with my in-person home game, and its really made things really fun. I keep all my campaign notes in the program, and use it to connect to a TV built into my D&D Table. Presents maps, character tokens, and even roll my dice as a DM. I recommend this to anyone looking to digitize their D&D Experience!"
,Recommended,252690,28988102,Posted: 3 January,all,Remedeez,"I absolutely love Fantasy Grounds!I've played D&D off an on since I was a kid (about 20 years ago now). I skipped 4E altogether but have played 2E, 3.5 and now getting into 5E.The group I DM for is a group of folks I've met through MMOs, and we all play lots of other games together. Someone asked if D&D would be fun to try, and I got to divulge to them my lifelong passion of D&D. First, we started playing a campaign I homebrewed for them in Roll20. It was fine, but we found Roll20 to be cumbersome for our online-only group.I did some research and decided to drop the cash on FG Ultimate License. The players I DM for, also pitched in, so that was how it worked for our group.I will never ever ever go back to Roll20. Fantasy Ground does everything we wanted it to, and more. Attack a monster and the damage is done to it automatically! Get new gear, your AC is automatically fixed up! Assigning loot, XP etc to players is a walk in the park. Creating encounters, linking things on the maps, story entries, handouts, literally everything is so easy to do in FG, its amazing, and I wish I had gotten it even sooner.The best part is being able to edit, copy, customize just about everything with the click of a mouse (or a drag of the mouse in most cases :P). Our homebrew campaign world is constantly evolving and its so easy for me to reflect that or reference stuff from past adventures inside Fantasy Grounds. Something I couldn't really do, or at least do well, in Roll20.The icing on the cake? The community. The Fantasy Grounds community forums are amazing. A wealth of information can be found there, and if you can't find what you're looking for, you can ask, and someone will point you where you need to go. There's boatloads of extensions for you to add to your games to make them even better.I absolutely recommend this to folks looking for a way to play D&D online with friends. If you're like me and had a group of folks ready to play with, you could easily just get the Ultimate license, split the cost among your friends, and be ready to go.10/10 will accidentally kill Droop in LMOP over and over again just to hear my friends call me the worst DM ever."
76561198061876909,Not Recommended,252690,18745854,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nyarlathotep,"Great Concept Poor Execution...Unless your game system is coded by and licensed for FG  then this is a wonderful system!Otherwise, if you like learning how to code XML - this is a BS product that should have never been touted as being flexible enough for customization; and if /when questioned on their forums about that - you'll get some snarky remark about how easy or that you should learn how to code (like your dumb or subpar). Honestly I think the owner need to sell this IP off to a more robust entity that can bring it to full realization without the consumer having to learn programming.It smacks of greed and contempt for those who can't code - its really too bad no one out there can bring it to Smiteworks and show them a system that's fully realized - thus raising the bar on all from Roll 20 to Fantasy Grounds itself. I implore you to go to their website - create a login; then go through the Houserules ""Ruleset"" section to see the frustration not only I have experienced by many many others - heck just look at the reviews herein its about 60/40 split - generally if something is as good as touted then I'd expect to see a 80/20 split in favor of the product therein ~ go figure & good luck!"
76561198194707398,Recommended,252690,20821401,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,VerumAdPotentia,"A steep learning curve, but one well worth making the effort for.Makes DM'ing and playing much more organized and easy to navigate. I'm playing this online, but plan to use it in our in person game as well, to take a lot of the book work and record keeping of running a campaign, off of my plate so I can focus on the story and moving the adventure along.I'm using a Mac, and when I got the El Capitan update from Apple, it kicked something loose in the wineskin wrapper that prevented me from accessing it. When I commented to the developers about it, they offered a couple of work-arounds that I in my tech-ignorance, felt uncomfortable attempting on my own, but they assured me they were working on an update with an official fix and would get that up and running asap. This took only a few days, and I feel as though the developers were earnestly working to fix the problem my OS update broke in a program that was working fine previous to the update, and feel comfortable strongly recommending this excellent tool.Oh, and did I mention they got the official 5e D&D liscence, and that the official campaigns are AMAZING? I didn't? Well they are, and extreamly easy to use once you have familiarized yourself with how to do everything. I strongly encourage new users to go to the official YouTube page and watch the videos on how to run it.The official adventures and campaigns available at the Fantasy Grounds store are stunning in how easy they make DM'ing, as well as providing a wealth of background information on the people, monsters and places of the area involved, and additional races, equipment, spells, maps, tokens, pictures and on, and on, and on, and when if you run out of officiall adventures and campaigns, there are numerous 5e compatable, 3rd party adventures, and all of that is before you even touch the pleathora of fan made stuff!Not as impressed with 5e D&D as I am, but just got done reading the latest adventures of Harry Dresdin and dying to visit his Chicago office? Or perhaps you want to track down the cultists of the Aincient Ones and discover the things that man was never meant to know? Fantasy Grounds comes with the Fate Core rules...and Call of Cthulhu...and 3.5...and Pathfinder...and their own core RPG system...and so much more, and they just keep working to improve it!But don't take my word for it, check out some of the videos at their official YouTube page, or watch any of the numerous videos of groups playing, using fantasy grounds and various voice/video chat programs.I give it 8 out of 10 stars, and might bump that up to a 9 of 10 if the interface were a bit more polished and the curser cleaned up to be a bit more accurate at clicking the items I'm trying to choose. I don't know if this is specific to the winskin wrapped mac version, or if this is cross platform, and after a bit of frustration getting used to it, this minor glitch is easily overlooked.It works mac-to-pc and vice versa without a hitch, to boot!"
,Recommended,252690,21316121,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Alpha_Ixion,"Fantasy Grounds is a solid Virtual Table Top for pencil and paper role playing games. Many of the popular RPGs already have rulesets and content available in Fantasy grounds. It does take a fair amount of work and playing around with the settings and features to get a good grasp of it, but I use it with my gaming group."
76561197970834911,Recommended,252690,23737758,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SeyaDiggler1,This is an amazing system.I have met many new friends and played in some amazing campaigns. Its very easy to find a group and have a great time.
76561198050723768,Recommended,252690,21759319,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Lockhart3195GC,"I highly recommend this item. You don't need to buy the add-ons if you are going to be playing popular games such as D&D 3.5, D&D 5e, or Pathfinder if you have the physical books or pdf's you can import the information directly. The community is also very helpful if you have any issues inputting effects or spells, just go to the forums and they will answer your questions and help you out. It is a very good system and works fluently. I highly suggest watching the videos that Fantasy Grounds has released as well as videos released by youtuber Jason Hibdon to get a feel of what Fantasy Grounds is truly like."
,Recommended,252690,15527033,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dr. Kingpin,"I am a long time DM and after purchasing the full license I was extremely pleased with the ease of use and functionality of this piece of software. It is such a massive time saver in terms of the interfacing with the rulebooks with drag and drop features. However, be aware you must purchase the ultimate edition to play with people using the demo version. If I had the money it would be a no-brainer as my choice of DMing software."
,Recommended,252690,29643576,Posted: 1 February,all,Renkuya,"While the price tag might put some off, it's a solid product and I think worth it. There are alternatives but I enjoy the way Fantasy Grounds has everything set up. I'm pretty much only using it for Pathfinder (D&D) and I've enjoyed the layout of the character sheets, the option to automate almost everything and even the nifty built in language filtering for those times when your Elves want to talk to eachother but fear that dreaded meta.As far as pricing goes, it can be a little tedious to get a casual group to drop the money on it but if you're dedicated enough, or your GM is REALLY dedicated and picks up the ultimate edition, then it's without a doubt worth it. As I've seen around in other reviews, it's a great blend of pen and paper and digital that lends itself well to speeding up the slower aspects of tabletop gaming."
76561198005209765,Recommended,252690,23190579,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Reosoul,Better than Roll20 by a wide margin. Free to try if your DM has ultimate license.
76561197993186946,Recommended,252690,10845602,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AngelitoMuerte,"Great format.  The learning curve is a bit steep, but once you become familiar with the tools, it is not that difficult.  There are a lot of really great features that when used correctly, can bring a lot of reality to your gaming sessions.  Being able to view maps that are revealed as you explore, pictures, notes, story lines, player and monster tokens on map with grid spacing, ability to link NPC script or even scene descriptions right into the chat box for everyone to view, are just a few."
76561198006843989,Recommended,252690,10107895,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,A1C McJingles,"The number one virtual table top program for pen and paper games. feturing games like D&D, pathfinder, Starwars saga, and edge of the empire all for free. also with this game's great steam community i am able to set up full parties in a matter of minuets, all it requires is a well made adventure and a few steam friends and you get an experiance as good if not better than a game in person. plus with the free teamspeek server available you always have voice chat. check out the Fantasy Grounds web site for a full list of mods rule sets free and licenced among other addons."
76561198196306913,Recommended,252690,18563826,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,jmrevis,"I absolutely love this program.  Even when our group isn't actively using it (as in DM running the game with players doing their thing) its an excellent tool for keeping track of your characters, and simple for levelling up.  (D&D 5th Edition)"
76561198030894980,Recommended,252690,20593154,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WarderBrad,This is the best Virtual RPG Table Top application I have used.  The other things I have tried are Roll20 and Google+/Hangouts.  In comparison this is like driving a luxury car compared to a beat up Dodge Dart.
76561197970557211,Recommended,252690,29515112,Posted: 26 January,all,Kazigan,"Bit pricetag heavy... Worth it though when you need your DnD fix. A bit daunting to learn, but works. I think it was well worth the money spent."
76561198009363092,Recommended,252690,18351525,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Iluminatos13,"As a DM, this has made my day 100% easier. Played 3,5 and 5e D&D. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,252690,16017732,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TASagent,"I've just started using this to run D&D 5e and Fate Core games online, and as a Dungeon Master, it's Fantastic.  The interface is a bit unintuitive, and in some cases could really benefit from a redesign, but the core functionality is excellent.  Fantasy Grounds takes a bit of work to get comfortable with, but is well worth it.  And when the DM knows how to interact with the system, it becomes easy to direct new players through.The community on the Fantasy Grounds forum is incredibly helpful."
76561197980828688,Recommended,252690,29794432,Posted: 8 February,all,Izex,"Although it says I only have a few hours of gameplay I was using their ultimate subscription on their website and finally just bought it on Steam instead of just having the subscription.I really enjoy using Fantasy Grounds over any other tabletop simulator for D&D. I have used Roll20 and Tabletop Simulator and although both of those work fine I prefer this one. I would highly recommend using Fantasy Grounds if you are a GM/DM  since it can automate a lot of the time consuming things like initiative, NPC HP, resistances, etc..."
,Recommended,252690,18677705,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stevenyuko,Great for any D&D player.  Everything a DM needs to run a campaign
,Recommended,252690,22413276,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sjelsyk,"This is a fantastic tool for running game sessions with PnP RPG (Tabletop) digitally.Before I found this software we always ran into issues where there was always someone who had a hard time making it to the sessions and so we either delayed the sessions or went on without that person. Now if they can't make it to the locations they can always join in through Discord or Skype, and we can still run the game as if the person was here.I've been running some Call of Cthulhu (6th Edition) sessions, and while we've had some hiccups in the start - I'm fairly certain we've found the issues thanks to the FG forum. All in all it's been some rather enjoyable sessions for me as a GM, but also for the players. Sure the CoC ruleset might not be as fancy as the D&D one, but it works very well nevertheless.All in all I couldn't be happier with it. It's a steep learning curve though, but it helps to visit their Wiki page and read up on some things. They've also made a lot of tutorial videos and such which are quite nice.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone interested in tabletop RPG."
,Recommended,252690,22670277,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,IchiSkaar,Small learning curve but amazing product to run game. Install it on a laptop and it can help you on the go for IRL session.
76561198088340585,Not Recommended,252690,20917478,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,convalesce2,"8 minutes was all the time I needed to determine I wanted a refund. Not worth 40 bucks. All kinds of errors the first time I tried to run it. I just dont have the time to ♥♥♥♥ing do a research project in order to make this thing work.Other software can do what this does better for less money. Be prepared do have to put allot of time in to make this damn thing work for D&D 5th edition, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that wizards partnered with this crap instead of make their own. Good luck trying to make a character it wont be easy.For $40 damn dollars you think it would be more user friendly and do some of the work of the math for you but nope. You would have an easier time just filling out a 5th edition character sheet by hand."
76561197974675823,Not Recommended,252690,25832062,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,duggelz,"Astonishingly bad user interface.  I closed the program after 20 minutes, feeling ripped off, because I didn't think it had the functionality that I had just paid $80 for.  I watched some videos, and eventually figured out how to create a character for 5E.For example, given a space for ""Class"", I should be able to click in that space, maybe get a drop down menu, or type something?  And select Sorcerer?  No, not even remotely that simple.  You have to open the ""Library"", making sure you've selected the right ""Modules"", then drill down to classes, and finally drag and drop something that looks like a graphic decoration but is actually an essential part of the UI.  Amazing.It's just bad.  Back to form-fillable PDFs for me."
,Not Recommended,252690,24668089,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Proskub,"Fantasy grounds has potential but the only real redeeming quality is the game licenses it has. BUT! You have to pay full price for every book that it includes. Thinking of buying the base model? It is a pretty weak program that takes Immense amounts of time to get anything done due to its early millenia style windows. No shortcuts, no intuitive links, no ease of use, no icons that can be iterpreted by looking at them. Its really just a poor platform to do online gaming. The core rulesets are a fantastic redeeming quality but if you dont have additional hours to set up a campaign just because the program has a horrible learning curve and no ease of use, then dont bother. Its simply put, a poor program. It just feels like the devs didn't put in much effort."
,Recommended,252690,10134495,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Xanadgar,"Playing around with it, it's time consuming. Keep in mind that this is a simulator for Tabletop games so this isn't for everyone. There's a comprehensive wiki and once all the information is set up, joing a game is easy. It's just going to take time and a trial run to really get the ball rolling. But if its something we will actually use more than once, it's worth the automation and controls it provides. For someone who has, wants, or loves to play a Tabletop RPG like 3.5 or PathFinder and you don't have friends nearby to join you, Fantasy Grounds is the simulator for you!"
76561198018195066,Not Recommended,252690,31322597,Posted: 23 April,all,Eyma Wee Todd,Great concept.  The only was you can enjoy it is if you're made out of money.  A microtransaction ridden♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197968162963,Recommended,252690,10079821,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Uthilian,"I have found the interface alittle clunky at first, as i got use to it I found it easier, I like the ability to place items/abilities into a character sheet/game and only have to mouse over it to bring up exactly what it does. the initial 2mb download surprised me until i actiavated update in the program which initiated a Out of steam update/download of the basic rule sets (non DLC). I see myself using this program in the future"
76561198076737693,Recommended,252690,18776136,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,steve,"I was pretty skeptical at first, pen and paper have always been my favorite format for gaming but after trying out the demo I fell in love. The learning curve is pretty steep and the wiki manual is not the best but once you get the hang of it it's a great tool. obviously designed for online gaming but its also pretty handy for GM's that have a laptop at the table.In short buy it!!"
,Recommended,252690,17013420,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Valien,Takes some getting used to but a good way to connect over long distance.
,Recommended,252690,19586398,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,PRYM8,great platform! just wish more people knewabout it..
,Recommended,252690,31228907,Posted: 18 April,all,Gantheral (Afritz0),Great for D&D and custom Character builds along with Creative stories and dungeons!
,Recommended,252690,25295167,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cerekay,"I was very skeptical of this game and waited a long time to buy it.  I fifnally bought it on steam sale for a large discount and decided to try it.  Initially I thought it was crap.  The GUI is very counterintuitive and they used very few known good interface techniques.After using it long enough and getting over the absurd learning curve of the horribly documented and poorly thought out UI, I was able to delve deep enough into the pit of usability and find some really great gems.Now that I can utilize the software well enough, it has greatly improved my ability to DM a game efficiently and focus more on roleplaying.  The time I spent on here is misleading, as I don't invoke the .exe ffrom Steam.  I have been using it weekly for a couple months now and I am very glad I spent the money on the D&D 5e kits.  If you play regularly with a technologically savy group this is a gret tool.Of course, like most overly complicated and unecessarily complex tools designed with the ""You gotta earn it to use it"" attitude, I am not confident that this product will be around in a few years.  Also, It doesn't have any tablet or mobile device support, so if you wanna use it in person bring lots of laptops.  I guess the Devs never heard of internet of things....   Internet Of Things devs!!!!  We want the things!!! We want all the things!!!"
76561197992782409,Recommended,252690,29555985,Posted: 28 January,all,NeuroDaemon,"Excellent tool, very stable, really allows you to enjoy face-to-face RPG over the Net. It offers lots of very helpful automatization with certain (non free) addons (the D&D ones for 5E are really great). My only gripe is the UI which has its own ""way"" of operating and its own set of conventions to interact with the windows, menus, icons, etc. It would be an even better software with a more modern / traditional UI, but it is still very good as-is."
76561198154409390,Recommended,252690,34790736,Posted: 7 September,all,Astrax,"This platform is amazing to play D&D through, even internationally! I would highly suggest it to others"
76561198069994311,Recommended,252690,18687809,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Aaron,"If you're looking for a solid VTT which allows you to roleplay with your friends online, this is it.If you're a DM, you'll need to spend time learning how Fantasy Grounds (FG) works in regards to your chosen RPG. But that's nothing new, since a DM is required to know the RPG almost back to front in a traditional setting anyway. Once you learn how to use FG (with the support of a great community) then it will streamline your gameplay much more than at an actual table. You'll be surprised.As a player, you only need to know the basics of FG, which takes next to no time at all. With your DM's prep work done, being a player is simple.With the support of a great community atFantasy Grounds Community Link, and developers who care about their product, using Fantasy Grounds to run your VTT experience is the best choice around, and that choice is only getting better."
,Recommended,252690,29066976,Posted: 6 January,all,Au79,"5e player here. Great virtual tabletop that lets me play with friends far apart.This is a more ""advanced"" offering with lots of features. Learning curve was a bit steep, but I'm loving it now.It offers many tools to help a DM run and manage an online campaign. Speed of play went through the roof, faster than actual table play, so I'm having a blast. I don't think I can online DM anything more than a one shot without it anymore."
,Recommended,252690,17720478,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[BotBT] Quent,"Great, versatile software that really allows for engaging tabletop RPGs with people from all across the globe."
76561197991203072,Recommended,252690,24885454,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Cabel_Blacke,"So, after two play sessions our group (me as DM and three others as PCs) all agree that Fantasy Grounds is a great tool. It does require a bit of ""getting the hang of the interface"" but once you do, it all feels quite intuitive and easy to get in and out of a gaming session. If you're looking to rekindle some of that old-school D&D magic, but have friends who cannot get together physically on a regular basis, this is a GREAT option."
76561198027214013,Not Recommended,252690,33656281,Posted: 19 July,all,Shaggy0n3,"This whole system is such a big disappointment. The calendar sucks, it's very difficult to prepare character sheets. Forget Wizards, you actually have to be one to make it work."
76561197992738884,Not Recommended,252690,16403396,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HorseDick.MPEG,"i would not recommend this this product im severly disappointed, every confusing and unless you have a ton of time to dump in to it your basically spending $40 for a over lay that roll 20 gives you for free STAY AWAY.i wish i could get a refund $40 is out of the world for what this is."
76561198007136261,Recommended,252690,17237257,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,RAZOR,"If you interested in this hame go to Fantasy Grounds site to get it alot less problems, and any tech support will come from them anyways."
,Recommended,252690,16667711,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Broran,"great program for the most part though i do find some features unintuitive and the map interface is practly useless in it's current stateedit: ok the map is limited to you screen size zooming in helps give you a bit more room to work with but not much and tokens do not scale at the same rate at the grid does meaning if you zoom in on an area of the map the tokens grow to fill the screen rather then staying to scale with the grid, and some of the right click menus can be dificult to figure out but other then that it's a great program"
,Recommended,252690,31780104,Posted: 15 May,all,AstroCat,"A bit of a learnign curve, but very cool when you get it down. Definitely recommended!"
76561198036918401,Recommended,252690,30989475,Posted: 6 April,all,Trio14,Very user friendly. I enjoy playing again with my friends.Recommened watching some Youtube videos.
76561197974038206,Recommended,252690,20427439,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Drax,"A warm recommendation despite serious flaws. An unintuitive UI and connectivity problems are like deadly sins, but I never want to go back to tabletop gaming again! Fantasy Ground is sucha powerful tool that I prefer to use it even when I have my friends face-to-face in the living-room.As a player it lets me automate my character sheet to a fair degree up against itself and against the virtual tabletop through a token representation of my character. In supported games FG also let me drag-and-drop both character-creation and level-ups. I still need to do some maintainance as the drag-drop is not complete. Especially spells and powers need to be set up in the action-tab on the sheet, and some of them needs to be macroed by the player to work properly.As a GM it will make story-module usage super-easy, for their supported games. Even for their unsupported games the preparation it lets you do before session, and presentation it lets you serve during the session is superb!There is in other words a steep learning-curve and some initial problems you'll feel was entirely unnessesary because of bad software achitecture, but once you get up to speed FG is fantastic."
76561198131912274,Not Recommended,252690,20840440,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,ross.jon34,this is hard to use no real help in getting started and forced to pay for basic things to make a D&D game work if anyone knows how to get a refund on here let me know that info would be wonderful to get rid of this trash
76561198044712064,Not Recommended,252690,28893183,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zatvair,I don't understand this thing at all. I get that its a pretty amazing online Table top but I dont understand why I have to pay a subscription just to read the 30$ DLC I paid for they should really tell you that when you go to purchase the DLC. I had never used Fantasy Grounds I bought it on a whim but now when I see Curse of Strhad DLC is on sale I thought this would be a good oppertunity to buy the book just to read it via  Fantasy Grounds but they don't allow that unless you buy a subscription.
,Recommended,252690,28272092,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Kanbie,"Read the other reviews to decide if you want to buy (Hint: yes, you want to buy this)Some side notes:-Running DnD is work outside of the game as well as in, be willing to put in an hour of prep time before any run.-Building a campaign is a crazy endevor, if you don't know how to do it then buy a module and run that."
,Recommended,252690,17512242,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,DrGerm,"Simply the best VTT out there. Sure, you can play Roll20 for ""free"", but to get the cooler additions, you'll wind up paying the same, so why not just get the best VTT? It looks the best. The support is top notch. Automation and extensibility is awesome. And there is a very active community.Besides, if you want to play 5e, FG is HANDS DOWN the superior way right now. Nobody else holds a torch to FG.Only thing FG doesn't have? Webcam support. But for that, just run the free version of roll20 in the background and lay your FG interface over it. Very easy and works perfectly.Really, there is no competition. Unless you're playing some really lame game?"
,Recommended,252690,17061759,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Newfers,"Disclaimer: Ignore the fact it says I only have a few minutes in this game.  I use a non-steam version and have used it for at least 8 hours every week  for the past 4 months.I have a RPG group that meets every Saturday at my place.  A few months ago I bought a projector to use for showing maps and whatnot.  I started out using Roll20 but found it to be annoying at times.  I finally said screw it and tried out Fantasy Grounds, and I haven't looked back since.The only thing Roll20 had that FG doesn't have is the dynamic lighting, but that's still able to be done yourself with the masking in FG.The campaign management in FG is awesome, I love it.  It has most of the game systems you could want.  I'm currently using it for 5th Edition D&D, but will be trying it out for Shadowrun pretty soon, just for keeping notes and displaying maps, as I'll just be playing, not GM'ing.While it is a bit pricey, it's worth the one time investment if you can swing it.  The monthly license are also quite affordable if you just want to check it out first.  I had the Ultimate license prior to buying the regular version while it was on sale during the Steam summer sale.Unfortunatley, I do not have the 5th Editon PHB or Monster Manual data sets yet.  But as a DM, I find it quite easy to just put monsters in as I need them, and I don't really need the player details on my end, just the important stuff.All in all, I cannot recomment this product enough.  Doesn't matter if yo'ure using it to game online, or for live games, it's an amazing tool.  And not that I use it myself, but there's the possibility to create your own rulesets as well."
,Recommended,252690,17073159,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Jeff Knight,"A wonderful tool to assist in playing tabletop-style RPGs over the internet. In today's world, it is hard to get a group together on a regular basis, and Fantasy Grounds helps to make it so that those of us who love pen and paper/table RPGs can play them. The program is regularly updated and has a wide variety of user-made custom rulesets, extensions, and themes.This year, Fantasy Grounds became the only officially supported platform for D&D 5th edition online play. There are regular ""online conventions"" that allow free play for everyone, and the license and DLC structure is set so that only the DM needs to pay (I personally take donations from my players to help buy the content, and they each pitched in $15 for the ultimate license - cheaper for them than buying a full version)."
76561197988300571,Recommended,252690,17094776,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Dsharpe,"A really fantastic product. I personally love it. Cuts out most of the time used looking stuff up. Is it perfect? Nope. Like any piece of software, it will take time to master. Doug Davidson and crew are doing a bang up job on making this product better and better. Most DMs I know can host the folks who get the free version. I highly recommend giving the Demo a shot, and seek a DM who is hosting a game."
,Recommended,252690,10155550,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Halfelf,"The learning curve is pretty steep, but once you get through it, it's great."
,Recommended,252690,11201997,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,zen2010,"I've invested $65 for Fantasy Grounds and the BRP Rule-set. So far, I've had 6 hours of play just looking around and familiarizing myself with the mechanics. I was surprised to find out how user friendly creating content for your play style actually is. There are some free player-created content out there ( but I have not looked at that material yet). If you are familiar with other available tools online, there is some comparability; the table function is there, but I'm not aware of button-binding. The scrolling can be difficult, as is the movement of each row to the bottom of the list as you type. I have not seen or heard of any macro-making ability, but the mechanics of Fantasy Grounds doesn't need it to feel the satisfaction of preparing the gameplay.All and all, it is an investment, and the prices are discouraging it's Steam community from growing faster than it is; but it already has it's own community from it's website. After spending $65 (no sale) I recommend the purchase."
,Recommended,252690,10115113,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Caldrarin,Awesome for table top games!!
76561198052346550,Not Recommended,252690,32629483,Posted: 21 June,all,LichOubliette,"I strongly recomend against purchasing this product. The performance is quite poor, freezing often on a powerful machine with an overly fast connection. It is overengineered, requiring a lot of time be spent in order to use some of the simpler features. The software lacks polish, using a clunky right click menu system to perform many tasks. Finally, the software is vastly overpriced for what it does. Please save your money and just buy some dice or find a better product."
,Not Recommended,252690,24969660,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,B334,"almost $3000 in DLC.... not sure if its worth that... $119.99 for the 4 pack... $39.99 for program + $115 for ultimate so your friends don't have to buy it, if you are the GM, even the bundles are ♥♥♥♥ing outrageous at 20-25% off. Its an awesome program, but it prices at higher than Professional Developer programs. I wish I could recommend it. You are better off buying all the books instead, but if your friends are all over the globe this might be a better alternative."
76561198031008463,Not Recommended,252690,20610467,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,alorxico,"The program claims to support Dungeons and Dragons 4th Edition games and on the very basic level it does.  Provided YOU have every single manual and every single source book, you can create a 4th edtion game and build 4th edition characters.  If you don't have these now out of print and difficult to find books, none of the DLC for Fantasy Grounds will help you.  All of the D&D material is for 5th edition, because that is the only edition for which they have a license.Now, I would normally not be upset about this.  Wizards of the Coast is notorious for making their previous products obsolete to ensure their current ones are sold like hotcakes, just look at Magic the Gathering (5 months after a collection is completed a new one is released and a year after that neither are deemed ""playable"" by serious gamers), so I understand that the developers might not be able to get the license for a gaming system the creators want to fade into ancient history.My problem is that NO WHERE on their Steam Store page or main website does it say that the DLC items are not compatible with older verson of the systems their program supports. I spent several hours searching and eventually found one after utilitizing Google Search and it was an archived post on their Forum Boards about others having a simliar issue with creating 3.5 games.  The Steam Store does, however,  celebrates the fact that the company received permission to create 5th Edition data packs, but does not clarify that the data packs are ONLY for 5th.I bought the game to help run my 4th Edition D&D game.  I returned it when I realized it couldn't."
76561197969425079,Recommended,252690,32913608,Posted: 27 June,all,Danny Peroxide,If you Love D&D but cant find local people to play with than this is a great device to connect people from far and wide.
76561198000043686,Not Recommended,252690,23573413,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Plural,Fantasy Grounds is a poorly documented and poorly organized mess.  Don't purchase unless you're willing to spend about two months trying to learn how to use it.  I don't have that kind of patience.
76561198026562781,Not Recommended,252690,20863138,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Unnamed Playa,Complete fraud. DO NOT PURCHASE. I will be pursuing a refund from Steam.
,Recommended,252690,11009379,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Synthetics,"Took a bit of working to get the install and update figure out correctly, but once that was taken care of the program itself seems great!I still have a lot to learn on this, but so far I am really enjoying it. Looking forward to playing some campaigns soon."
76561197973128606,Recommended,252690,10881060,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Akaruime,"A little rough around the edges, but this seems like a pretty good alternative toroll20.com, assuming you don't mind the money-grab feel between the demo and various versions. Definitely a lot of macro based potential there, I just wish there was a bit more to the Pathfinder RPG support, as it seems to be lacking in many of the expansions, and jury-rigging abilities from various source books that are not explicitly included can get tricky."
76561198048876799,Not Recommended,252690,21042392,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,JulieVonJules,Be careful with this...I purchased this to help me plan in-person games and to help me keep them organized. The descriptions all describe licensing and support for the various versions of D&D but what it failed to metion was that you would have to re-purchase all the content at basically the same price as the physical books.I also found the interface to be a lot clukier that I hoped for and decided it would be basically useless for managing an in person game.
76561197982514885,Recommended,252690,24367014,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Highbinder,"Me, personally yes I'd recomend it. Once you learn what you're doing it's easy to not only run a campaign but make your own homebrew classes and weapons. With that said it's not a cheep thing, but table top is not now, nor will it ever be a cheap hobby.I see a lot of reviews bashing the cost of the game, look if you're not wanting to the a gm that provides everything to your players then don't. Have them decide what they want to be and then them buy the class pack for the class they want. Unless you're willing to throw down money for an ultimate license or a ultimate license sub having everything won't help you either. But that doesn't stop you from being able to do it sans the books. You can litterally add everything from the class in by hand and just type it in.The type it in method is way more work, but if you already have the books and price is an issue then the type it in method is a work around. You don't need to sub, you don't need to pay for the modules. It's litterally that easy. Roll 20 makes you type it in as well but doesn't have the functionality and you can easily get past all of it with a little work on your own.Here's a quick how to. When you click on the class tab type the name in, select the die for the hit die and drag it into the box and then the type the level and click on caster until you get that right. On the abilitys hit the plus sign and type it in. Type in the name, and then what it does. If it does a spell or power go and add that on the spell page  by clicking the star. Having done homebrew classes this is how I had to do it because I suck at code and was not going to code in all that information.Now that won't keep track of things like spell uses and the dice mod to spells but it will do most of the work for you. It's not perfect but you can do it without spending money on the mods. It's up to how much work you're willing to do vs how much you consider your time worth. I value my time at about 20 bucks an hour. So unless I can type it all up in less than 3 hours it's worth more for me to just buy the mods."
,Recommended,252690,34889090,Posted: 11 September,all,Triple Ess,It's really great I just needed the money for something else
76561198022142994,Recommended,252690,20310373,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zathrath,Awesome
,Not Recommended,252690,31246105,Posted: 19 April,all,grimcub,"Very unintuitive. I paid 30€ for nothing but empty templates i can write text in. There's nothing to select from, you need to create everything from scratch. There are no feats no items no spells. Not even classes. I was hoping for at least some standard starter pack, so you can slowly ease in to the game but from my understanding you need to pay extra for all that. No thanks i think i'll ask for a refund instead.I couldn't even get the internet connection to work on this. They suggest to tinker with your firewall settings untill it works.No.Just no."
76561198074412332,Not Recommended,252690,18825373,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DREADMOOR,"If you want to spend money on a bunch unorganized software.  Then this is your game.  Well its not really a game.  What is it then?  Its a template to nothing.  A blank template that I can fill out.  Wow.  That is worth $39.99.  NOT!!!  Biggest piece of crap I have ever bought, and I have been playind D&D since 1981, and I could never see myself using this.  Tried to get Steam to refund my money, but they seem to think that this is a good purchase.  I think I will file a complaint on Steam, and the creators of this crap.  No one should think they are getting something, when they are really getting nothing.  Thats what Fantasy Grounds is (nothing)."
76561197993491449,Not Recommended,252690,25702353,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Zafeer,"This thing took 26 attempts before it finally downloaded all of the components for the basic version.  No tutorial. No software support.  No community.  As far as I can tell it doesn't even do what it advertises.  Wasted almost two hours of my life trying to start a campaign with absolutely NO results.  The official website must be serviced by one 1600 baud modem.  Connection time outs and resets all over the place.  No help or information there at all.  Searched YouTube and watched several long winded ""how to"" videos that told me nothing but how to compile the finished adventure or how to run a premade one that you buy.  This software will NOT simplify your adventure writing life.  All I wanted was to create some maps and it was so user unfriendly that I gave up.  Hopefully my refund come through quickly."
76561197996378565,Not Recommended,252690,15988562,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Reylan Talonspyre,"The interface sucks and for use as a ""Combat Manager"" or ""Campaign Manager"" it is unwieldy and expensive as all heck. Just use the Pathfinder system Combat Manager for 3.5, 5e, or Pathfinder.Ignore this piece of crap."
76561198203575244,Not Recommended,252690,21181590,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mmb3387,"Buyer Beware! This is no game for anyone but the tech savvy. If you don't understand code or someone who does DON'T BUY! The Help Guides are a joke and the original purchase doesn't come with an a  license ( or at least mine didn't) so I had to pay more money!!! What a rip off!!! For that price it should come with a decent guide, and online support,and character sheets (basic stuff). Would love to get a refund. If anyone gets one let me know how."
76561198036922247,Not Recommended,252690,20879568,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,dblackmail,Wow i cant believe how they try to screw you with micro transactions. why even sell the damn game without a basic rule set!? spent $44 and got a piece of the program. like hell im paying $115 for some cheap tokens that should have come with the game.
,Recommended,252690,29085971,Posted: 7 January,all,Silver75,"In my case suing it as a tool to supplemt table top play (D%&D 5E) , amd on occasions if players dont have tim to get . fidn het perfect tool oto create characters and assemble campa8gns altough recommend having players guide module to fully benefit.  Alough do game seems to slow down and crash every 2+ hours but sually keeps all progress.   Best tool i found so far and keeps getting better"
,Recommended,252690,16336028,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[M3RC] Señor Sojex,Awww yeah
,Not Recommended,252690,21126593,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Pompeytid1970,"This does NOT run on a Mac, just hangs an app window for a few seconds then closes. Not happy.The Steam so called support consists of referring people to essentially endeavour to configure Wine to run the Windows version in a wrapper. That is completely dishonest to offer the game as a native Mac game."
,Recommended,252690,33665803,Posted: 19 July,all,Fart,"Some reviews are saying that simple actions are difficult in this game. I haven't made a campaign yet, but everything is pretty straightforward and streamlined. the worst thing that happens to me is that the program occasionally stops responding, but it eventually starts working again. It's a good D&D app. Check it out."
,Recommended,252690,21497935,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Munta,NICE. EZ. NICE.
,Not Recommended,252690,20397403,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,chiffaa,Can't connect to host game!
,Not Recommended,252690,29838866,Posted: 10 February,all,Andulvar,"If you want sheer basic out of date rules for D&D 3rd Edition, 4th Edition and basic Pathfinder rule set go for Fantasy Grounds. If you want more out of this product, be prepared to work on .xml files to build your own ruleset that's actually up to date as the company is going to start charging for the updated rules and books. (SRD's are free and that's all their rulesets are, basic SRD's)Go for something like D20Pro or Roll20. If you need a virtual tabletop, D20Pro, if you need a virtual tabletop and ruleset go for Roll20 as at least for Pathfinder, they're working on their own SRD for free.Not worth the price and still not worth it onsale."
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,252690,15511772,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Too expensive for a standard nothing-special software.Not worth the money, it's ok, but it has nothing more than a freeware can't give you.Otherwise, it's very empty and raw, highly dependent on expensive DLC's.Not recommended at all."
76561197972247794,Not Recommended,252690,23763119,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Grand Chef Panda,"No way to minimise the interface, it is old and clumpsy, you need a lot of clicks to do simple things, does not support simple text formating.We used it for a few games but honestly this is not very usable. I can't recommend it."
76561198100527225,Recommended,252690,21008649,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jokoetsier12,I hear it's fun. Still trying to figure out how it all works.
76561197979938008,Recommended,252690,32284784,Posted: 8 June,all,xZenArcade,Ive played it a bit.
,Not Recommended,252690,19169281,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Drakimor,Doesn't work very well on the mac despite claiming support... pretty jenky
76561198006426963,Recommended,252690,34061614,Posted: 6 August,all,^7cra^2zyf^1rog,love it
76561198282195223,Recommended,252690,33237351,Posted: 4 July,all,Smokei,Awesome platform that just keeps getting better.
76561198053318152,Not Recommended,252690,15833565,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tatterdemallion,I cant figure this out at all. Can I get a refund. I expected an RPG and I feel cheated.
,Not Recommended,252690,17339600,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Corrosion,"Bad tool/difficult to use interface...AND they make you pay for individual base classes and there are these kind of microtransactions everywhere. Look at the dlc. It's ridiculous. No I don't recommend it, sorry.Go get tabletop simulator."
,Not Recommended,252690,25850054,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,blackdeath1oo,horible and want a refund
76561198142811726,Not Recommended,252690,31849965,Posted: 19 May,all,evilsquirrelrat,"What the actual f**k...the game client is a whopping 40 bucks and you can do exactly nothing...i reapeat, nothing! with it...you can buy more stuff and subscribe to things...screw you guys. For 40 dollars a reach around should be included in this blatent act of sodomy"
76561197969363150,Recommended,252690,18881392,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nullspeak,"This is a great piece of software. I run an ongoing game using FG and GoToMeeting, and while there is a learning curve and I had some initial difficulting opening a port to speak to the FG servers, it is more than worth it. Most of my players had never truly engaged with tabletop, and I myself had never run D&D 5th edition. But FG has made enough of the math automatic so as to be both newbie-friendly and to allow us to focus on the story, and on the weight of individual decisions, rather than mental sim-grind. Highly recommended."
76561197983329556,Recommended,252690,15280832,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Tubalkain,"I bought ""Lost mines of Phandelver"" and ""Complete Core Pack"". And I will probably purchase all other DLCs. I am amazed, it's fantastic. It's all there: images, maps, stats, tokens, and all linked and automated. FantasyGrounds reached Epic level with this license deal. I am especially impressed with the adventure module. As a DM, this saves me many many hours of preparation. All I have to do now is simply to read it :D"
76561198054543280,Recommended,252690,20922272,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DarthPhysicist,"I feel a bit ripped off by this. When I saw this, I thought ""wow, what a great way to handle all my campaign data and have it connected over the internet!"" Well, sadly, this is missing a character creator that you would expect it to have. At a total of $90 invested, and I still didn't end with a character builder... kinda silly. I sank money to get the character core pack thinking surely it was there, sadly no. Just a bunch of text files that tell me the same information that was in my PHB and DMs guide already. I don't understand how hard it is to have added a self populating and even randomized stat generating character sheet. To me this seems like basic content for a program like this. I get all the other things are great and all, but it should have a character creator, plain and simple.I'm desperately hoping the content I am wanting is just buried in the functionality and I can change this to ""recommend"", but sadly right now I would suggest people just put their money towards the books.Edit: Okay, I've found how to do what I've been looking for. Thanks to i3ullseye for the help. I have left my prior review in place because I think its important for people to know that the interface is not what I would call ""intuitive"", but it does in fact have the character features you would expect, provided you have the character core pack for the characters you want to use (I'm referring to 5E).While I've changed my recommendation, devs, please continue to work on the interface and don't rely on people watching internet videos on how to use it. D&D works just fine using the books and if someone is going to pick up software to use to make it ""easier"", it really should be that. However, it does allow users to do some pretty interesting things over distance, so for that reason, I've switched to thumbs up.Keep working as it can be better."
76561198021695250,Recommended,252690,20649391,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pod,Awesome tool which i personally use as an great dm screen and a handy dice roller when i dont wanna tip the players off!
76561198000266166,Not Recommended,252690,21427950,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Black Hammer,"The software itself is fine; relatively flexible, easy to use if you're already computer literate, and fairly reliable. Aside from a few issues regarding required connectivity for use of aliases or licenses, I have few complaints about the program itself.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend investing in Fantasy Grounds to anyone who doesn't already have a group in mind to play with. The community is largely insular, consisting of groups who already know and play with each other. As either a GM or player, I've seen very little interest or discussion on the official forums and here for most people looking for games.If you're looking for a virtual tabletop for a current group, FG is worth a try. If you're looking to get into a group for an online game, Fantasy Grounds may take some work getting involved with.That being said, many games are run using an Ultimate License, meaning players can often join games and try it out using the demo version of FG. So there is a very solid option for ""try before you buy.""2017 EDIT: Looking at the product currently, I have trouble still recommending it. Like any other multiplayer product, FG must at least partially be judged on the basis of its community. And while I have enjoyed some of my time with it, FG suffers from several issues, mostly related to its userbase:1. If you are not interested in D&D or Pathfinder (and there are hundreds of published RPGs besides that one solitary game line), you will have difficulty getting into a game or getting one started. The community interest simply isn't there for systems outside D&D.2. Unfriendly to outsiders to gaming. I am not new to gaming, and have nearly twenty years of RPGs under my belt. I have mostly gotten along with the FG community fine. Newer people to gaming, whether online gaming or tabletop RPGs in general, have universally told me they had a very negative experience with FG. Whether hostility towards female gamers, unwillingness to work with people with busier lives or schedules, or simply poor etiquette and lack of respect, it seems FG's community has become increasingly polarized in the time I've used it.3. While a major overhaul is in the works, the current version is simply too wooden for my tastes. Many UI elements cannot be adjusted while the game server is launched, the chat window needs more customization options or at least tabs, and adjusting any part of a module, ruleset, or extension requires a significant investment in time and specific tools (free, but still have to be downloaded, updated, and learned)."
