user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198016942338,Recommended,252670,7745272,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Space Deer,"Underrated magicThis game is amazing, really. It's a small life, which the player lives with the Born. A life full of danger, fear, regret and melancholy.When the game takes you by the hand the only thing you can say is ""WOW! this world is beautiful!"" And the game does not release you until the final credits. And the only thing you can say after all is ""What have I done, I have to fix it ..."""
,Recommended,252670,9025283,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,kekmet,"One of my all-time favorite games. Nihilumbra is a side-scrolling puzzle game, where you control the lone protoganist, Born, guiding him through five varied realms. Born is alone, too- aside from the enemies in the game, which are few and far between, every landscape you travel through seems abandoned, deserted. It adds an apocalyptic feel to an already stark and melancholy game.Born starts out with very few tricks up his sleeve- he can jump and move inexorably to the right, and the enemies he encounters are deadly. As you progress, though, you pick up new skills that allow you to alter the landscape around you- colors you can paint on the world to allow you to slide, bounce, stick, and more.There's really two parts to this game- the story mode, which is relatively straight-forward but still retains a challenge, and the mode you unlock after beating the story, which is devilishly hard. The controls seemed fluid to me, though they take some getting used to- one hand moves Born, while the mouse uses the various colors to guide him along. The game rarely rushes you, and when it does, it's considerate enough to provide enough checkpoints to prevent too much repetition.This seems to be Beautifun's Freshman game for the PC, and I am definitely looking forward to where they'll go from here."
,Recommended,252670,32761439,Posted: 25 June,all,timefukc,"I wouldn't find a way to describe the beauty of this game,it'd be like trying to explain color to someone blind.You have to experience it to understand.My thoughts never left the game, I had no absent second, I followed it until the very end.I was at the verge of tears almost all the time and not because something sad happened, no.It was real. The story this game tells you confronts you with reality and that's what made it sad.Realising that this is reality, well, we all know it but we avoid it.If you're thinking about buying this game I can only recommend it, it's definitely worth it."
76561198061088586,Recommended,252670,13061566,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,UndercoverF,"Finished the game today - 100% !I was playing it very slowly, enjoying the concept, story, drawings, ideas, music and all the collors !Story mode was sometimes a bit easy.On the other hand, void mode was, in some parts, quite hard !The game has replay value and I'm sure I'm gonna play it again !Definitely worth buying ! Recommended !"
,Recommended,252670,21644637,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,+ nice visual style+ excellent voice acting+ ending- too schematic- narrator speaks slower than player progress through game
,Recommended,252670,14204786,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,NOOB,"It's a good puzzle-platformer, a well-done one, with no bugs or glitches and a pretty interesting gameplay concept, but it's still far from my favorites. It's got its merits, and I can only recommend it for them, but it made me appreciate it without liking it. Why? Well, there are some downsides, that many could easily ignore, but for me they were important:- that narrator was a really bad idea. It seems like an attempt to recreate the Bastion one, but a shallow, totally unsuccessful one that rather annoys and feels unnecessary.- the controls are only partially accurate. When it matters the most, like when trying to get the Pacifist achievement, one can easily notice they're rather clunky and imprecise.- the game idea / storyline is somehow just pretentious. Yeah, I get it, void, searching, profundity, philosophy, whatnot, but it never really ""communicates"" something to me, it doesn't come with any true revelation or original idea. It ends up feeling just as superficial as the narrator's texts.Anyway, I loved the background music, the graphics are nice, and the gameplay concept of using the colors to transform the world is really interesting in my opinion, and captivating."
,Recommended,252670,11802114,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Solitaire,"Nihilumbra is a platformer with a few twists. You go through many different enviroments while learning about colors, its abilities as well as yourself. The game revolves around the subject of life, death and existence. It really gets to you sometimes...having to reconsider all that you know. This game isn't complete without puzzles, some are self-explanatory while others require some thinking. There are achievements that are really easy to acquire, while others require patience and practice. Overall, the concept is unique for a standard platformer.Highly recommend it for those looking into some good platformers. Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198176967967,Recommended,252670,31926278,Posted: 23 May,all,egabramov,"First of all, keep in mind that the game consists of two parts: after 'the end', you are asked to go over the same levels that are now MUCH harder. Most bad reviews here are from people who didn't make it to the second part. I give the game a very weak recommendation, but still a recommendation. Here is why:- the plot is somewhat rudimental, but it's there and it makes sense- the first part (or playthrough, if you wish) is rather easy but fun and mainly designed for players to learn the mechanics of the game- the second part is way harder, but unfortunatelly in a platromer sense of that: many puzzles rely much more on speed and coordination than on logic and creative thinking, which makes it rather tedious"
76561198052403529,Recommended,252670,11416199,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Chardalyn,"Nihilumbra is an amazing puzzle-platformer where you fight the dark void with colour and life.It has everything a good game needs:meaningful background storyinnovative gameplay conceptcreative level design with awesome artworkbeautiful & eerie music, voice and sound effectscomfortable raise in difficulty as you advance in the gamechallenging hard modeI was instantly hooked and highly recommend this game to everyone.10/10"
,Recommended,252670,29230494,Posted: 13 January,all,CynaMel,"Solid Game.Solid Mechanics.Beautiful artwork.and most of all ,A Thought-Provoking Story.Now thats harder to find in this age of video games.Its only moderately challenging, though i suspect the challenge isnt the keypoint of this game.Doing a detailed review of this game will only dampen the magic it has to offer, so go play it. Dont Read about it.I loved every aspect of the game."
,Recommended,252670,8589007,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"Nihilumbra raises questions about life and existence during its (3 hour or so) story. It's an unique game. One that I really enjoyed. It's a puzzle platformer game that's light on the puzzles; you have to use one or more of 5 colors to paint the landscapes and that way solve these puzzles. Paint the landscape green to jump, paint it brown to stick to the ground or use stealth, paint it yellow to generate electricity etc. At the beginning you'll use only one color, but after a few levels you'll be combining two or more colors in order to advance. The puzzles are never hard and even the most casual gamer will know how to solve these.The voice acting is ok-ish. The narrator has a boring, uninteresting voice. I think no voice acting would've worked better in this case.The graphics look okay for the most part. The environments are just perfectly fine, but the character you control as well as the enemies around you seem to lack animation frames. It all looks really basic and wooden in motion. A terrible shame. A few more frames would've definitely benefited this game. I didn't get immersed into the game and I think it's because of this. It's just too obvious. Anyway, enough about the animations.Nihilumbra is a clever game that all gamers can and probably will enjoy. If not for the gameplay, then most likely for the story it's trying to tell. Recommended.[Rating: 72/100]"
76561198079335824,Recommended,252670,7503802,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"This game is worth buying, it has brilliant artwork its very enjoyable to play. I just loved it, the developers did a brilliant job making this game, it's a differant style game play to other games, its fun and addictive, what can I say but a beautiful game.Oh and one more thing after you do unlock the void mode it does get quite tricky, you need to be prepared for the real challenges ahead, they  will really test your skills, if your up to the challenge give this game a go, I did and no regrets.  This game is awesome and fun."
,Recommended,252670,21679909,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,eviida,"Aside from the slow narration I had an absolute blast playing this game! It had a great story, beautiful art, and impressively interesting gameplay. If it was longer and/or had more content added that'd make me a happy camper! :)"
,Recommended,252670,22048806,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Scottish Kaiju,Wonderful platformer with a good story whilst using an interesting mechanic for advancing from level to level.I'd also like to hire that voice in the game to narrate my entire life.
76561198094530229,Recommended,252670,8665247,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kayoto,"I've only just started playing it and it is a beautiful game. It's very unique and the narrative is amazing. The design is wonderful. The gameplay is pretty easy and I'm horrible at platformers. The storyline is quite sad but I love it. Overall, I recommend it."
,Recommended,252670,33164570,Posted: 2 July,all,Hudson633,"Full of off-screen dangers and noob traps, it would be impossible to complete this simple game without dying several times. As frustrating as the artificial difficulty is, the game gets carried by the art and story.ːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːbronzestarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarː"
,Recommended,252670,31780809,Posted: 15 May,all,Razorcheese,It's like an antidepressant in game form
,Not Recommended,252670,33872530,Posted: 28 July,all,rpfolse,"Good visuals, but bad narration, ""story,"" controls, music, and puzzles. It was a decent idea, but poorly executed and trite, very little to recommend, really. Perhaps touchscreen controls would have helped, but only so much. There were a couple good puzzles, but most of them were too easy or too finnicky."
,Recommended,252670,9319329,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,DropIt™,"I went into this game not really expecting much, just an average adaptation of a Steam game from an app, but I was pretty surprised with how well this game translated, and I would even say that the PC version was better! Basically, you take control of a being created by ""The Void"", who is searching through the world, trying to discover what he is and where he belongs. Along this journey, he takes control of many different elemental powers, which makes up the basic gameplay. This may sound like an overused story with a basic platformer, but the game is extremely charming and a load of fun. Top it off with the low price of $9.99, a good soundtrack, and an overall great atmosphere, and you have a game that I can't help but recommend. The only downside that I can see with this game is the brutally punishing difficulty curve, via Void Mode. You basically go from a game that even young kids could play with relative ease, to a game that I doubt the developers themselves could beat with ease, but that's not necesarrily a bad thing, especially to anybody who wants a good challenge and added replay value. Just be prepared to be left floored by some of the especially challenging levels. Overall, this is a game that I really enjoyed playing through, and I recommend it to any platforming fans that are looking for a good side-project.Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,252670,10178850,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Grom,"Really enjoyed the game, one of the few puzzle games with certain action sequences stuffed in, along with a superb atmosphere & music. I'd play it again if I could erase my memory, but am happy beating the Void Mode for now. Gosh.+Easy for the eye & controls are easy to learn+Brilliant music+Beautiful graphics+Story Mode is not too hard for even children to play-Void Mode can be *VERY* challenging to adults (unlocked after finishing the Story Mode, of course)^Suppose the above can be added as a positive thing for all you brainiacs/thinkers!-Depressing story (it's still a plus, game-wise... Perhaps players can redeem themselves eventually? *cough*)"
76561198034685896,Recommended,252670,8439532,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Glüm,"This is one of the less games that made me want to play to the end, the moment i started. It`s a hidden gem. Buy it! You won`t regret it."
,Recommended,252670,7949057,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,"Nihilumbra is about destruction. Basically the main character Is born in the void. He then leaves the void to live and see the world. However, the void follows him, creating monsters to slow/end his journey. He moves from location to location, damning each one by passing through it.Nihilumbra is a platformer/puzzle game. You spend most of the first campaign running and jumping with no combat ability. You never get a direct face to face combat option but you get a way to kill enemies. I think this adds to the appeal. Nihilumbra has some great platforming and some seriously challenging puzzles. Sometimes both are required.The gameplay involves color which you use to change the surfaces around you by clicking the mouse. During the main campaign the narrator will speak about what you're doing and question the nature of it.I loved the nihilistic tones and questions of meaning. Existing only to stay alive. Destroying things by your existance. It's a fun idea to explore.There's a second campaign that's hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and  I haven't got very far in itBuy it."
,Recommended,252670,14485986,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Flipper Is A Dolphin,"The game title pretty much sums up the game content ; Nihilumbra is the union of two latin words, Nihil ( Nothing ) and Umbra ( Shadow ) ---> you're a shadow made of nothing,literally. Your main goal in this action game is to survive and avoid your natural enemy,which is also your philosophical father, ""The Void"" or Death,call it how you want. The game will reveal its best aspect when played in New Game+,known also as ""Void Mode"". This game has a nice longevity ( 13-14 hours ) and it will surely pleasure your eyes. The gameplay is solid; your charachter will gain new and new abilities troughout the entire game.Note that this game deals with philosophical issues like death,nihilism and hope.This game is a little pearl,touch it with silken gloves."
,Recommended,252670,15569721,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,☠Rotten☠,"If you love Limbo, but you want more colors and challenges- you must buy Nihilumbra. Great puzzle platformer, 10/10."
,Recommended,252670,13336680,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,〤 MrWorthless,this game is one of the best plataformer games I've ever played. I even stopped playing my favourite game to end this one it's really worth it. the sentences the narrator speak to you are really meaningful and the game it's very trucky. I recommend this game! totally a must have one
,Recommended,252670,17227054,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,#`GHo$T .. !™,"You gotta love the voice acting that say, ""This is not a game."" ;p"
,Recommended,252670,8897368,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,DanteDDL[UA],"A nice logic game, with a deep story. Can get challenging and definitely gives you many fun by playing it. Escape the Void and learn what it is to be alive. Collect different colors and use them to make your way through. Fight, run, outtrick and save yourself and the world. Definitely a game worth to be played."
,Recommended,252670,8458875,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Paikia,"I bought this game during Steam's winter sale for mere few bucks without expecting much. Just the fact that I've bothered to write a review with a recommendation should make obvious the fact that I got more than I expected. While the gameplay itself is cool (puzzle/platformer with a twist), the animations are great and the music isn't half bad either, what got me really interested is the story, or better yet - the storytelling.The way the game is being presented somewhat reminds be of Bastion. You're introduced to a creature you know nothing about (the character you play), running from a mysterious enemy while discovering new worlds and developing along the way. Just like in Bastion, the narrator's script and voice acting make the game really easy to get into, and so far it seems like it's not getting old too quickly, either, as the game introduces a fun, original aspect of learning and using abilities.That element, as in ""the twist"" I mentioned on the first paragraph, is the use of ""colors"" as abilities. Every color represents an ability with specific functions, and you have to figure out what colors you need to use in order to solve a puzzle, defeat an enemy or deal with any other type of obstacle you encounter. The first color you discover is blue. When you ""paint"" a surface blue, you can run faster on that surface, allowing you to gain more momentum and jump farther than you could without it. As you advance to new worlds, you discover more colors which in turn, give you new abilities. Sometimes it's necessary to combine two or more colors in order to solve a problem, as the puzzles become more and more challenging as you get farther in the game.In conclusion, this game is really fun, and I recommend it to anyone who likes platformers. Definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,252670,8628179,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Auburok,"This game is a mixed bag from first glance. Honestly, the first half of the game is very dry and has copious amounts of needless narration. The narration is so rampant that you have to sit still each screen just to hear it, and honestly little is being said. To borrow from Shakespeare: the narrator speaks an infinite deal of nothing. It left a bad taste in my mouth as I felt the world could speak for itself in most cases. Less narration is more in this sense; the only reason whyBastiongot away with gobs of narration is because there were interesting things to say, which were said in colorful ways. Do yourself a favor and drag the narration volume slider all the way to the left. The text alone, ironically, is more immersive since the narrator ends up getting cut off mid-sentence during normal play.That said, the second half of the game is good. Don't get me wrong: the story is interesting, but the color mechanic is the real star of this game. The initial game is mostly a tutorial, while the void stages allow you to get creative with solving the problems ahead of you using the five colors you acquire during the main game. Many puzzles can be solved in multiple ways, some of them probably in ways not intended by the developer. However, I ran in to two major problems.First off, there's some collision issues in the game, and often they can break puzzles entirely. In some cases, they are surmountable obstacles, such as the player's character getting snagged by the terrain. Those same snags, though, can send the player bouncing in different directions when using the green color. It's frustrating to be punished by the game for using the powers as intended.Second, bullet collision is absolutely broken when vsync is on. It took me a while to figure this out, but my experience was tarnished by it. Several puzzles required bouncing bullets using the green color, and often those bullets would inexplicably implode before hitting a target. Some of the collision is off in the game, such as metal boxes, but turning off vsync at least allows the player to finish the game.I definitely enjoyed the second half of the game way more than the first half, so take that with a grain of salt (and maybe wait for a sale), but I can still say this game is decent enough for someone looking for an interesting puzzle/platformer hybrid."
76561197987572281,Not Recommended,252670,8492292,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Babel Nobuharu,"I beat this game. And I hated it.The narrator never shuts up. Potentially, that's not necessarily a bad thing. But he has nothing to say. Almost EVERY screen he has some mundane remark to make. In the few instances the puzzles actually DID take multiple attempts to solve I just became even MORE infuriated because every time I freaking die, I have to come right back to YOU NEED TO KEEP RUNNING. RUNNING AND RUNNING AND RUNNING. WHAT IS THE POINT IN RUNNING? WHY MUST YOU KEEP RUNNING. BUT YOU MUST KEEP RUNNING. I just wanna yell at the guy. Oh my god. Shutupshutupshutupshutup! RAAAA. ok. I'm ok.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now that I think about it, I shoulda checked to see if there was a option to mute him. Doubt it.Anyways,IN TERMS OF AESTHETICISM  the game has some kewl concepts, but aside from the kewlness value of piggy backing onto other things that do a ""void"" concept with more success (lovecraft, D&D...uh, any other horror or fantasy game with ""cultists"" in it) that's about all the game has going for it. It reminded me of Party of Sin in terms of stale-ness. Then again, it DOES manage to incorporate game mechanics better than Party of Sin in admittedly sleepily easy puzzles to solve. But while we're on the topic, without spoliers (idk why I'm avoiding spoilers, there's nothing to spoil anyways) I did play the game through to the end with a pessimistic curiosity to see if the story would go anywhere, but...well...it's about as deep as The Grinch. Original, not Jim Carey version. There was not much to that ending. I would have been disappointed if I wasn't just so glad to finally finish the damn thing so I can delete my files and transfer it to my ""Uninstall Hell"" tab in my library.IN TERMS OF GAMEPLAY: At the beginning of the second level, I realized that this game not only had a narrator constantly jibber jabbering almost SOLELY to ""fill a void"" as it were [heeheeheehee*snort*], but that the gameplay was going to be extremely formulaic. Namely: 1) FIND FLOWER 2) TRY OUT POWER [three: we just gotta, like...become one with nature, mee-unn] REAL3)BACK TRACK SHORT DISTANCE 4) LEARN 2 OR 3 THINGS POWER CAN DO 5) RUN [AKA walk] FROM VOID. There are five (if you don't count the void) levels and they are almost exactly the same except for the new power added each level and...I guess volcano had rising lava and darkness in it. Now that I think about it, the whole game felt almost like a tutorial of itself. They held my hand so firmly that it's all sweaty and gross now. Eeeugh. The ONLY reason I didn't permanently scrap this game after the first five minutes of the second level was because I still had cards to drop and by the time I got to volcano I figured I might as well see if the ending was any good since I'd gotten this far (It wasn't. See above.)I have not played the after story puzzles, which based on accidentally clicking the first one I imagine may actually be challenging, but...I'm done. I'm done with this game. I beat the story. I put in my two hours and am thoroughly dissatisfied enough to never play again.I'm not a pro gamer by any means, but story mode was easy. Very easy. And given how shallow the plot is I think if I were to recommend a target audience for this game I would suggest...middle skoolers. Or anyone who just wants to play a spooky shadow guy in a video game more than anything else. To anyone potentially interested I STRONGLY recommend maybe watching a stream or something before buying this to see if the narrator irks you as much as he did me or if the repetitive gameplay still looks fun enough that you'd still want to rinse and repeat for two hours."
76561198128590698,Recommended,252670,31400854,Posted: 27 April,all,Shadowblade,"I wasn't expecting much out of this game other then a simple platformer but boy was I wrong.The story, the soundtrack, the game mechanics all tied to together to form something that cannot be expressed in words.I felt a connection towards the little shadow that was my character and wanted nothing more then for him to live his own life and be free from the Void.Buy this game, You will not regret it"
76561197971544967,Not Recommended,252670,33914696,Posted: 30 July,all,Blackblade,"This really isn't bad but there is nothing here that sets it above other games in my opinion.  It is a puzzle / platformer with a heavy emphasis on story, albeit a weird one.  It is also a very short game, at least for the first playthrough.Through the course of the game you learn abilities that you draw on surfaces that have various effects (the first makes things faster / easier to move for instance).  You use these to pass many obstacles along the way.  It is a nice concept and the first playthrough was fun enough for me, but I won't really remember it in a couple of weeks.  The controls work but once you start getting multiple abilities you have through cycle through in a short amout of time, they can be a burden (I was using mouse / keyboard).  The 2nd playthrough was very unfun due to this.  I decided to abandon the 2nd playthrough after a minute or so of playing it.  It started with a creature charging me which required immediate quick responses and the 2nd area continued the same.  If that is how it starts, I can only imagine what is coming later.  Just not worth the pain.  I suppose it is hard mode but there was no information on it, so no idea if there is a story or if it is only designed for diehards.So kind of nice for a while but there are just better things to spend your time / money on."
76561197990448195,Recommended,252670,8657204,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,WillShit,Good Indie game for anyone who enjoys a platform quick learner excellent.
,Recommended,252670,28108522,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝ Abaddon ⎠⎞,"ScenicBorn is a creature formed by The Void (AKA nothingness) which slowly apprehends the aspects of its world carried by the natural flow.The feelings and changes it experiences are very human, so you can easily relate to it.Of short duration, with an easy gameplay - from time to time you may have to think and act quickly.Nevertheless being nihilistic, the graphics and background music create a perfect mix for a really cute relaxing game.Personally, I didn't think about my inner self while playing this game; I was peacefully exploring the world of Born, while making empathy.The atmosphere is really nice and permits you to enter smoothly the surreal, yet so familiar, world of Nihilumbra."
76561198035004965,Recommended,252670,7534682,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Frost King,"Nihilumbra is a game's name I cannot pronounce, but Nil is nothing and Umbra means Shadow, so you are Nothing's Shadow.  You are born of the void and manage to escape nothingness to a stark world.  But freedom comes at a high price as the void refuses to let you go, as you are apart of it.  Thus you condemn the world around you as you continue to escape the void as it swallows up where you have been.  Color is your weapon and tool, color is used to paint the landscape around you for an advantage of some kind.  Every panel seems to have a new bit of nerration to it.  This game is a must have and is up there with Bastion and Dust in my opinion.  Please buy it!"
,Recommended,252670,25516797,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LOTD,"Just Finished Nihilumbra today ! I will have to beat hard mode now, but I really enjoyed it,the music suits perfectly the game ,there's such a nice ambience, the all game is beautiful and very poetic. I strongly recommand it. GG @BeautiFunGames !"
,Recommended,252670,8835798,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MashPotato,"Nihilumbra is a puzzle platformer in which you play a scarecrow-like character that is formed from The Void. As you progress, you learn to paint different colours which you can use to manipulate the world and escape from/kill enemies. For example, paint a wall brown and you can stick to it, paint a floor red and things on top of it will be set on fire.  I bought this game because it looked kinda similarish to LIMBO (which I thought was great), but any likeness really ends with the main character being a silhouette.The puzzles in Nihilumbra are generally quite easy (granted I haven't played it in Void Mode yet, which is unlocked after you beat the main game, and looks more difficult), which, depending on your POV, may be a selling point or a negative.  Beyond the level of difficulty, the game is set up to work against frustration, with frequent checkpoints and hints.  The art appears a bit rushed in some areas (some backgrounds are pretty blurry), but is solid enough, and conveys the atmosphere of the game. The Art Gallery, which you unlock as you progress through the game, is a nice feature--I found the development character sketches cool to look at.The main problem I had with this game is the narrative: the heavy-handed narrator talks on nearly every screen, beating you over the head with the meaning behind the game, explaining what to do next, describing things you JUST did, repeating the same things over and over. A game in which you play someone discovering the world should have... well, more of a sense of discovery, rather than someone telling you what's what. At one point the narrator says ""you are not a child anymore. You can do things on your own"" and I was ""YES! Now he'll leave me alone!"", but alas no, he was back on the next screen.If you can ignore the narrator and are looking for a easy puzzler in which you can make steady progress, Nihilumbra is a fine game."
76561197999746670,Recommended,252670,8367281,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DDP Green,"Overall, I neither hated nor loved Nihilumbra.  If there was a ""Meh"" recommendation option, I'd pick that.The first half of the game is enjoyable, which I think most of the reviewers agree on, based on their play times.  The story is interesting and the mechanics are fun and easy to grasp.  8 fairly short levels in each of 5 areas, with a new color/ability found in each area.  There's nothing terribly unique or groundbreaking in the game, but it's 5-10 hours of fun if you just play through the storyline.On the other hand, the void mode -- which is unlocked after completing the storyline -- is aggravating.  I understand that it's meant to be challenging, but most of the challenge comes not from the puzzles or mechanics, but from the interface.  My main complaint with this part of the game is with the ""window"" effect -- instead of a smooth side-scroller, we get a series of screens which are mostly independent of each other, puzzle-wise.  Not a big deal until your screen/window resolution actually impacts where this transition occurs.  Too high a resolution, and critters from the next screen react to your presence.  Too low and you may not see a trap before it's too late.  Not to mention there are a few places where you'll want to sit near the edge of that transition area for at least a few seconds to size-up the next screen (I found 1600x1024 to be fairly good for most levels).With that said, the difficulty also varies wildly, and doesn't present a smooth ramp-up as you progress.  Some late-game levels are easily completable in a few minutes or less, while some mid-game levels requirie multiple retries due to timing/strategy (I'm looking at you, volcano area).If you can pick this up for under $5 and like a side-scrolling platformer, then definitely get it.  Otherwise, there are probably better games that deserve your time."
,Recommended,252670,18373535,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,futaba-tian,"The game is absolutely amazing: the art is nice, the main character really makes you want to help him escape (isn`t he cute in his own way?), original stages are not too difficult so they will not make you want to bite someone`s head off. BUT! If you have problems with your nerves - NEVER try the Void mode! While playing it I personally wanted to destroy not only the game enemies but the game itself as my main enemy. Along with my laptop... Along with my table...And everything close enough...So, be careful with the Void mode, because it can become really tricky. But all in all, you should love the game. And don`t forget to check the art in the Gallery ^^"
,Recommended,252670,21221431,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Terezi Pyrope,A Very Lovely and Outstanding Game. The Story Opened my Eyes. I saw how it is like to Grow up. Becoming Independent...And Facing your own Fears...All the while Experiencing Many New Things. A Freezing Moutain. A Lush Green Forest. And Much More. Growing up is not Easy from what I've seen on here. You make Tough Choices. And most Bite you in the back. But This game has taught me that You should get back up no matter how many times you have been Knocked down.
76561198121325933,Recommended,252670,10686835,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gem,"Nihilumbra seems to be automatically compared to LIMBO by those who have played both, and rightly so as they are quite similar. However, where LIMBO is dark, eerie and gorgeously gothic, Nihilumbra revels in the atmospheric use of colour and an inventive, immersive style of puzzle-based challenges. The idea is to find and use ""colours"" to change your environment to allow you to move through it in different ways, overcome obstacles and defeat enemies. The visuals are stunning, with an oil-painting feel and beautiful rendering. The captions and voice-over in story mode are beautifully done and almost reminiscent of being read a story from a picture book, but with deep meaning-of-life type of stuff going on. I almost felt the need to take constant screen shots to capture the beauty of the ""pages""!Moreover, for those looking for a real challenge, the Void Mode that comes after the main story line will make you weep blood - the puzzles require a serious amount of thought (one of the achievements is to die 10 times in a row on Void Mode, which I achieved with depressing ease and totally unintentionally on my first attempt at the first level!) but that just makes it all the more rewarding when you finally find the solution. I bought this game on a bit of a whim and I'm so glad I did, I love it.  I think the metascore is a little on the low side; this is a wonderful, beautiful and challenging little platform game that I recommend to everyone."
76561197968305227,Recommended,252670,34737145,Posted: 4 September,all,ChaosEngine,"It was pretty good. Visuals were spot on, looked hand painted. Narrator had a strong voice, sounded right. Puzzles were relatively straight forward, aside from a few that were clearly a 'learn by dying' style, but they were few and far between.Once it's done, there's practically no reason to replay (runtime is just over 2 hours if you don't get stuck much). I recommend a purchase, but only when it's on sale for ~$2."
,Recommended,252670,25594763,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Smoochie,2D yet amazingly addictiveStoryline is catchyMinimal complexity yet requires creativityLove it
76561198055510076,Recommended,252670,8863456,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Broodcaller,One of the best indie games I´ve ever played.
,Recommended,252670,8534829,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bananenmilchshake,"Ugh, I hate this. I wouldn't say this game is recommendable, but at the same time, I can see why people like it. So, just read this review instead of simply looking at the thumbs up-icon to the right.Pros:1. It has a nice soundtrack. It can get repetitive after a while, but it still manages to create the right atmosphere.2. Enjoyable artwork. Of course, that's debatable, but I enjoyed it.3. The general idea of manipulating your environment. It's nothing new, but the abilities themselves are rather cool.Cons:1. The dialogues. Seriously, can't the voice actor just shut up? The acting actually isn't the problem, that's well done. But the dialogue itself is so atrocious and annoying and pretentious. I don't need a comment on everything there's happening. The game would have been _much_ better without any dialogue at all.2. Which brings me to the next point: Too easy. The puzzles are so easy to solve because most of the time you just have to use the one ability you just acquired. Combining abilities happened very seldom and if for some reason you are stuck, the game literally forces the solution upon you through the narrator and the hints. It's a puzzle game, I want to find the solution myself.3. The length. I don't have anything against short games, but the game can be completed within less than two hours. Then of course you can beat in the hardcore mode again, but that's not the solution. They could've added more content, really.4. The controls. The character is... ""wobbly"". It's really difficult to land accurate jumps and even more so, when I have to do the same section all over again, because the last checkpoint was two miles away.5. The tutorials. Okay, seriously. Why do I need those? Not only do you get to know the different abilities, before you can use them, but there's plenty of opportunities to test them out in the actual levels. I don't need a tutorial that basically teaches stuff I already know.So, do I recommend the game? For a discount, yeah, why not? At full price? Rather not, no. I don't know, the game feels a bit too pretentious, like it's trying to jump on the ""platformes with a deep background""-bandwagon we already know from Thomas Was Alone (which was excellent) and LIMBO (which was excellent as well)."
76561198263633680,Not Recommended,252670,19897912,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lavnlvas2,"A lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty pseudo deepness you'd expect from a highschooler who heard the word ""nihilism"" once and never tried to understand it further; stacked on top of the most basic platforming. The art is pretty enough, but the constant narrration kills the game and there's no way to turn it off. If there was more depth to any aspect of this game, it would be good enough that I would recommend it. Instead, it,s just that worst kind of good enough."
,Recommended,252670,9950022,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,DeatHawk v2.0,Quite challenging puzzles but let down by not so good camera focusing and control system.Not bad but there are a few better games out there of same caliber.
,Recommended,252670,9956944,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,comfy skeltal,"There is a good game in here, but to get to it you must first plow through a rather dull, ~2 hour long story mode with mostly tutorial-level challenges and a narrative that sounds like a cross between Thomas was Alone and Bastion styles of narrative but very poorly executed (read: the narration is shallow, redundant and gets unbearably annoying after the first 15 minutes). At least you can turn the narrator off.Level design also has some issues, like the irregular, ""bumpy"" terrain and enemies with deceptively big hitboxes. Nothing major, but these can still annoy the player from time to time.Aside from that, it's a nice puzzle platformer with some good music. Nothing too special, but by no means bad."
76561198013865579,Recommended,252670,8690531,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,nilen435,"Great atmoshere, music and the developers have humor whih is showed with the extra secret language. Also the void mode is hard >_<, but fun."
76561198114200954,Recommended,252670,11345274,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Oni_Usagi,"Gorgeous game, utterly heart wrenching at times tho! I Just dont want to stop playing"
,Recommended,252670,10010810,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Nobody,"Simple, beautiful, and fun to play. Fun to listen to. Fun to exist in. The gameplay is easy to master, and the puzzles aren't overly complicated."
76561198048937394,Recommended,252670,15258708,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,OverGorge,"Good Platformer.This game is a typical indie platformer and like many indie platformers that cannot offer edge graphic or physics, it pretend to have some special meaning of sort, well, there is no. In addition to this, or maybe as a result I do not appreciate the voice, that follows you all the time, fortunately it can be turned off, recommend doing so.Also I saw nothing new, the colors, the voice, the wind... were used in games before this one.However I loved the game overall, it was fun playing once I reached void mode, I loved beautiful sprite and background designs. And music, I looked for and bought music on a different site after playing this game, I loved it that much, still listening to it from time to time.Worth buying. Music also worth buying."
,Recommended,252670,8761787,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MalikNZZ,"Nihilumbra is both a very interesting and very divided game. It was presented to me as ""Limbo meets Portal,"" but in practice, I found it to be like neither of these things. The unfitting dark creatures roaming about the relatively normal environments felt more like Heart of Darkness, and the emphasis on the ""paint mechanic"" (there are no portals) gives it more similarities to Tag: The Power of Paint. I was also told that the game made figurative waves on the iOS market, but that is a market so inundated with inane and uninteresting nonsense that the comment meant exactly nothing to me, so I went about my playthrough of Nihilumbra determined not to give it a free pass for standing out from mediocrity. So let's get to it.I said that I felt that the game was divided. The gameplay is divided into two distinct modes, the story mode, and the void mode. The latter is unlocked after completing the former. The story mode is what you'd expect; it tells the story. The biggest problem people will have with the story mode is the narrator, or more specifically, the narration design. The decision to have a narrator in a game about nihilism is questionable. I'd think silent, empty text would serve the presentation much better, so that's what I went with when I played it. I don't think the voice is necessarily terrible, but I don't think the presence of a voice in this game is necessarily warranted, either. The narration is also triggered by your position on the different screens within the levels, and if you die and return to a checkpoint, the narration will repeat every time, and this can get grating. Fortunately, for the people who will be too lazy to mute the narration, the story mode is almost too easy.Void mode is the game's answer to that. It's the obligatory, ""you can't spell 'indie' without 'die'"" departure from the almost insultingly easy story mode. This section of the game is of a very much ""Oddworldian"" difficulty. There is plenty of trial and error to go with the more challenging puzzles. You will die in void mode. I've seen void mode criticized a lot, but again, these are (mostly) iPad gamers we're talking about. Fortunately, you are given a reprieve from the narration, but this can be both good and bad. You are introduced to void mode with the promise of closure to the game's somewhat bitter epilogue (What? Did you expect a good ending in a game about nihilism? DID YOU?). While you do technically get that closure, it's accompanied with absolutely no narration or text, so it's a bit of a dull reward for anyone who played through void mode because they liked the story and wanted that elusive happy ending. The only other thing you get (besides the achievements and accompanying bragging rights) is a ""secret language,"" which changes the text of the narration and makes it the complete antithesis of taking itself seriously, so if you thought the story was pretentious garbage, hated it and want some cheap catharsis, you might enjoy replaying story mode for that, but it will just end up leaving a bad taste in everyone else's mouths, especially with the internet memes which have basically already made the ""humor"" rather dated.There is appeal to be had in both the story mode and the void mode, but I think the whole package kind of antagonizes itself. I don't see many people enjoying the whole of the game. Most people will probably heavily prefer one half over the other, and people who prefer the story mode will have to settle with the bitter ending, and people who prefer void mode will have to trudge through the story mode. Whether you decide this game is worth it to you or not will depend on which of those two types of people you decide you are, and whether you feel that you'll only enjoy one half of the game."
76561198047266382,Recommended,252670,15246002,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"I feel that a forewarning before you begin playing is required..When it comes down to it, due to how the game is laid out, it makes it like the narrator through the game is speaking to you, portrayed as your cute blobby character within the game. It's quite harsh and for anyone with a low self esteem, it can really be deterring to play, it was for me at quite a few points, too. Something of which I don't believe was thought through very thoroughly. It however evolves as your character does within each stage of the game. With that been said, let us continue!The only thing I can draw a comparison to is perhaps Limbo, Portal, Oddworld: Abe’s Oddysee, Abyss Odyssey and partially Contrast.Now, starting with a basic breakdown, you are part of the void (basically your replacement to being in a womb) a place of darkness and decay, and are born to be a little shapeless voidling.. You want to explore and be part of something bigger than yourself. Typically you let that take over and begin a journey that pulls you away from the void, however, this does not please the void as one does not simply leave it.You begin by taking a human like shape, to feel as though you fit in the human world easier, while the voice continues to tell you that you are stupidly deluding yourself for trying to think that you could do such a thing. You ignore it and continue on through little puzzles along the way, and the further you go through, the more you learn about yourself and the world around you. The first ability you get is a blue goop, basically an icy slide (hence the little comparison to Portal I was half expecting the next one to be orange), anywho, this aids you to get through the next few levels of puzzles and annoying timing levels however the puzzles themselves are well thought out for the most part, and give you a decent sense of satisfaction and relief when you figure them out. You continue on to discover 5 other colors, all of which provides you something new to help you through each of the changing environments tailored to each color, (blue-ice, green-forest, brown-desert, red-volcanic, yellow-electricity, purple-void).However, the fact that the void is closely following to recapture you means everything in it's path is destroyed. The world your voidling blob has come to love is being destroyed due to them being frivolous, leaving your character feeling responsible.Final summation; in all, it's a really well put together puzzle/platformer. The scenery is gorgeous but can sometimes be a little repetitive. Music fits in amazingly with the atmosphere being slightly abrasive yet quite immersive, puzzles are escalated in difficulty slightly too quickly with it going from casual to incredibly complicated and requiring a need to have mastered all the colors you've been given, and lastly the initially discouraging narrator. All in all though, it's a worthwhile experience to play through and on completion, it gives you even more reply value, having to fix what you've destroyed."
,Recommended,252670,27690036,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marcellus,"I nominated this game for The Steam Awards. It's really cute and great game. I love it. I don't regret these 1,5 hour what I lost in this game. Now I'm playing 2nd time. I recommend this game for every one. 9/10"
,Recommended,252670,15331878,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mr Beard,"Honestely, this game is overlooked. And it's a crime.So what IS Nihilumbra? Without Spoiling anything, its about a little blob-thing (named Born, apparently) who tries to escape from the Void and make himself exist in the world. Does he suceed? Play the game. You'll find out.Gameplay-wise, it's a simple 2D Platformer/Puzzle game, implementing the use of different elements to continue your journey. Each element helps you in one particular way (e.g. brown makes you stick to walls/ceilings, red burns enemies and boxes, and so on). The main story is fairly simple, and can be completed in about an hour and a half or so. There is a harder mode called Void mode which does present a fairly difficult challenge, but wasn't as enjoying (at least, in my opinion).Visually, it's not bad. Not the best I've ever seen, but simple enough to do the job. It reminds me of Braid at times (the ""painting/storybook"" look).While I think the soundtrack isn't as memorable as other indie games, it is rather relaxing and easy on the ol' ear drums. I personally love the Void chase music.This is definitely a game that you want to take your time on, not because its difficult, but just to take it all in.The price is a bit over what I would pay for this kind of game (about $4-5), but if there's a sale, don't hesitate on picking it up. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,252670,18462820,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,terraknor,I had no idea this was a mobile gameacutally it was awesomebest puzzle game i have played that was acutally fun.
,Recommended,252670,16943009,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TharCoser12,"What is the meaning of life?why were you even born?Are you alone?Nihilumbra is an amazing game about a life. the way you learn something new, and the thing that haunting you forever.This game is beautiful and colorful.i really get into the story because it's beautiful and cool,10/10 for me"
,Recommended,252670,7606292,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,•SADBOY•,"Wonderfully animated. I really enjoyed the different worlds and storyline. The narration was done quite well, The game wasnt much of a challenge. But i would highly recommend this game to anyone who liked limbo."
,Recommended,252670,24305375,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Raphus,"Got this game during summersale, so I'm not too sure about buying it at full price, but it still surpasses alot of 10$ games for me. took me 8.4h to complete 100%, Nice art, narration and sometimes mind-twisting puzzles. So if you're in to 2D platformer puzzles, I would totally reccomend it. If not, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,252670,28760989,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,EspenTheStrange,"Overall, I would just barely recommend this game.At this point I have only finished the story mode, I have yet to try Void mode, but I wanted to center my review on the base game first.The first three colours you receive are fun, and slightly reminiscent of Element41, which is a game I really enjoyed. But the last two seemed like they had a vision for the game based on 5 colours and no ideas left. There could also be a much easier way to switch between colours, like using the number keys or cycling through using q and e.That coupled with what I thought was really weird voiceover work (both the voice acting and the writing) were the two main flaws of the game. The voiceover sounds like the guy from truck commercials trying to sound omniscient and he just came off sounding kinda bored. What made matters worse, voiceover-wise, was the writing. I would say the writing is by far the weakest facet of the game. It's too explanatory. What makes games like Element41 great to play was the simplicity in the explanation, and they didn't overuse the voice to further the plot. Nihilumbra felt the need to explain every metaphor to death and back.Now for the positives:The level design was interesting, especially towards the end where there could have been a few different ways to use the colours to move ahead in the level. The atmosphere is very neat, and the creatures from the void had some cool designs.All in all, I don't regret buying this game on sale for $2.39, I'm not sure I would pay the full $7.99 list price for it as a relatively poor person. Get it on sale if you can, see if you like it."
,Recommended,252670,8444807,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,peoplearespicy,"Fun little game, sucked me right in. The combination of narrator/atmosphere brings an emotional drive to push forward.It is pretty easy to play, the game teaches you as you go, as you get further in there is some challenge but it easier than some other puzzle games. It looks good, the narator is really cantankerous at first but as you advance he stops saying such sad things.  Maybe not a good game if your feeling blue though."
76561198081329671,Recommended,252670,9700784,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Never a Winner,"I absolutely love this game. I love how its name can tell you what you're playing if you know your Greek/Latin Roots. Nihil meaning nothing and Umbra meaning shadow. Basically the game is The Shadow of nothing.In this game you play as a dark creature trying to escape the, ""Void"". The Void is trying to claim you and take you back and as you go forward the places you've been get devoured by the Void in a sense.As you progress throughout the game, you gain new, ""colors"". Gaining new colors adds new gameplay mechanics for you to use. By adding these new mechanics this game introduces a vast variety of puzzles.The story is great in my opinion, but be warned its not a story made to cheer you up. The announcer that tells the story did a pretty good job, albeit at times it can come off as a bit monotone.Void Mode adds a lot to this game for people looking for a challenge. It will try to kill you a lot and give you puzzles that will take you awhile to beat. In my opinion Void Mode adds a lot more challenge and I don't recommend it to everyone unless you're adamant on beating the game 100% and seeing a different ending.All in all, I'd recommend this game to anyone who wants to try out a different platformer/puzzle game."
,Recommended,252670,33469373,Posted: 11 July,all,Quintinius,"Nihilumbra, while not breathtaking, is somehow really immersive and captivating. The narrative is quite well done, but the gameplay is not so well polished. There are few mechanics that makes it hard to play (especially in void mode where the enemy is tougher), but not so much as gamebreaking. Definitely recommended for fans of platformer type game!"
,Recommended,252670,29531618,Posted: 27 January,all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,"You are the void, created by the void itself, and your purpose is to outrun a ghastly purple entity. You'll be traversing different landscapes along the way, as the title attempts to relay a message that's moving at times, and touches upon the idea of destruction as a means to survive.Gameplay-wise, the release is fairly simple. It's a standard 2D platformer with a twist, which arrives in the form of colour-based powers. Along your sombre journey, you'll encounter flowers, which provide you with unique abilities. You'll start out slow, frail, and unable to attack enemies, but as you soak up these vibrant skills, you'll find yourself able to bounce off the floor, slide on ice, and much more.Nihilumbra is not the biggest game, but sometimes great things come in small packages. The puzzles are not especially difficult, but there's a nice plot and some decent presentation here which will push you through to its conclusion. If you're looking for something a little different for your Vita, then make sure that you don't a-void this one."
76561198071706844,Recommended,252670,24923617,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mmg,"This is a nice little platformer/puzzle game. Not very long nor groundbreaking, but well-made and interesting, looks great, good soundtrack, nice little puzzles"
,Recommended,252670,29268001,Posted: 15 January,all,Fox,The announcer told me I was nothing and alone. 10/10
,Recommended,252670,15672099,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Spider3,"A beautiful indie platform. Unusual mechanics, good story, good music. I really enjoyed it. Worth the full price!"
,Recommended,252670,21190405,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SylvaticStone,Good game
,Recommended,252670,12482554,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,WiDOWZ,One  of/if not my favorite modern era side scrollers to date. The only reason I hadn't played it or reviewed it much before is because I damn near beat the game and back on my phone (one of the few ever beaten btw). Glad to say that the PC version plays just as well.So it's a definite recommendation to anyone even vaguely interested.
,Recommended,252670,18174799,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,"Boots, the Prophet","In this game, you are being that escapes ""The Void"" - a place that eats it's way into anything and everything and, inside it, there's nothing. Much like black holes, really. Somehow, your escape alerts The Void and it starts chasing you. You go from being nothing, having no purpose in life, to grow intelectually through the learning of colors, an interesting mechanism that, by painting them on the game's surface, each one will provoke a different effect on it, ranging from slippery surfaces to making them burn, etc.In essence, this game is really philosophical. I thought the message embeded throughout the story was something from the likes of ""You are insignificant, yes. But if you stand out, explore, make something different, you will become significant. You will become something."" The narrator basically helps to tell the story, as through every section of the game, he says something. The art, background-wise, is very pretty. The models and tiles are nothing suprising, but that's not negative. There's an art gallery that will slowly unlock after the completion of each level.As for length, the game is relatively short. But, after you do complete the main story, there's a void mode to be completed, which can take more than the actually storyline, and it is freakishly hard! Also, the game's controls are smooth and easily maneuverable.Overall, I completed recommend Nihilumbra. For it's story, controls and for the originality that it takes to come up with something such as ""The Void"". Besides, it's cheap for what you get!Screenshot:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=521788901"
,Recommended,252670,33199184,Posted: 3 July,all,Axerion,Very fun and hard game (:
76561198286892687,Recommended,252670,26316202,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Oblivioni VI,"Quite short, but longer would be boring. Very easy gameplay, but the story and how it deliveres it´s message to the player is great.A small, but really nice game. There is nothing I would critizise here."
,Recommended,252670,9330425,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Moongazer,wow so nihilism very philosophy many engrossing
76561198048716955,Recommended,252670,9156179,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Heilig Mann,"Beautiful game, with perfect atmosphere.When you play this game you dive into interesting and colourful world"
,Not Recommended,252670,32753532,Posted: 24 June,all,Keith,"I'm fairly certain that eating a $10 bill would be a more physically and philosophically enriching way of spending my money and my time.As stated in other reviews, the mechanics are generic, the standard indie platformer voiceover is insipid with writing either intended for or written by a 2nd grader, and nothing about the game exists that hasn't been done better in a plethora of other titles.For a game about desperately fleeing oblivion it certainly does its best to be immediately forgotten."
,Recommended,252670,7563614,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Anowi,"웰메이드 인디 게임아름다운 배경과 여러가지 색깔을 이용한 게임플레이가 인상적이었다.그리고 이 게임의 진수는 2회차부터이니꼭 2회차 Void 모드까지 해보길 권한다.멋진 인디 게임, 추천~"
,Not Recommended,252670,22539664,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Necronom IV,"The mechanics are interesting and fairly well implemented, the graphics and music are forgettable yet passable, but the narration destroys this game. Firstly, the narrator is ever present, and rather than relaying a plot through environmental storytelling or immediate presentation, Nihilumbra consistently relies on the narrator's explicit descriptions. Second, the writing is extremely cheesy, constantly explicating and repeating how the protagonist, addressed in second person, is supposedly feeling as well as the considerations the game wants the player to make about the protagonist's relationship with and impact on the world. Mechanically, most puzzles are extremely easy, many solutions are given away immediately and explicitly by the narrator, and the same dynamics act as solutions to many, even subsequent, puzzles, making the levels feel like flavored repetitions of the same scenarios with no new challenge. New mechanics and dynamics are not explained through level design but rather explicated by the narrator, and the level design itself is not particularly clever although this is mostly insignificant due to the omnipresence of the guiding narration. In short, the awkward narrative explication of story, mechanics, dynamics, and solutions combined with repetitive puzzles and resulting low difficulty overwhelms the otherwise interesting mechanical potential and renders Nihilumbra a rather uninteresting game."
,Recommended,252670,8611094,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sinner,"You play as an entity born from the void.He is nothing and he belongs nowhere but there is something special about him, he wants to exist.The adventure takes place through 5 different worlds and each world has 8 parts which can be revisited in any order after completion.There are 5 colors you collect throughout the worlds which gives you special abilities. You use them by painting on surfaces except where there is void.The platforming and puzzles were clever and fun and solving them felt rewarding especially when you had to use several powers together to advance. The length was perfect and the platforming and puzzles needed some thinking but had a good difficulty.After all the worlds are completed void mode is unlocked which makes the levels harder.I found the puzzles in void mode to be quite challenging but also more fun. Normal mode taught you, now you have to use what you learned.They implemented it in a way so void mode was a part of the story and i found that to be nice and clever.You could also pick and choose which world and part to play so if you got stuck on one part you could skip it for the time being."
76561198055456900,Recommended,252670,8718601,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Shane Train,"i don't remember why i bought this, but im happy i did"
76561197970709169,Recommended,252670,8538037,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Andy,"This is one of the finest indie games I have played, and that is saying a lot.The puzzles are challenging, but not frustrating. It is very satisfying to be able to figure out every problem without the use of a walkthrough. Many things seem impossible at first, but you'll slowly add nuances to your strategy through trial and error, and you'll get there in the end.If you enjoyed Limbo or Nightsky, you should certainly try this."
76561197980596047,Recommended,252670,8545764,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Im about to go H*A*M,Going from normal to void mode was like jumping from kindergarten to college....With that being said I think the mood and soundtrack work well to create a unique atmosphere to set the foreboding tone of the overall game. Well worth playing even though its a seemingly quick play through
76561198115226378,Recommended,252670,8271164,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HappyEvilSlosh,"A great little game. Even though the notion of colouring stuff is new to me the game play itself feels somewhat typical of puzzle solving games, however the enviroment created by the art work and ambient music really make it worth what you pay for it. My only minor nitpick arises because I type using a dvorak layout, the keys to control the game were clearly made for a QWERTY layout, and unfortunately I can see no in game way to change them (I have XFCE set up with a shortcut to change keyboard layouts precisely for when this sort of thing happens)."
76561198015432897,Recommended,252670,8439833,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nomiad,Totally awesome game. Reminds me of Limbo.
76561198080871005,Recommended,252670,8443412,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fuegaso,I enjoyed it immensely. Great game!
76561198141991674,Recommended,252670,20632036,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,cantstopcrazy,"I gretaly enjoy simple little puzzle games and good music, That was all I expected when I got this, and it turned out to be so much more. I didnt expect the story and fun found in this little port, it is captivating and enthralling. Born is so innocent and cute, struggling to find a way to survive, wanting to learn more about the world and just live. He struggles, having to choose between himself and the places he travels.The game isnt too hard or too easy, and evey puzzle has a solution, even if it isnt always immediately clear. It is well worth the price in my opinion as i have spent more on things with less story and that didnt include the concept art and the atomspheric soundtrack. If you puzzle platformers i say get this game."
,Recommended,252670,16978710,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zentiago,Its a fun light game I play to relive stress from day to day life. The story is nice and overall its a fun light game to be played every once in while
76561198064019667,Recommended,252670,8426822,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,oakwick,"As a big fan of 2D sidescrolling puzzle platformers, Nihilumbra gave me exactly what I wanted while also bringing in a fresh perspective.You play as Born, a creature that was created in the Void, and you are trying to outrun your fate while discovering the new world you are in. You learn to use elements of the world to your advantage, by finding colors and 'painting' (or erasing) those elements onto the world around you. You can make yourself slide, bounce, etc. You can also use those elements to make OTHER things in the world slide, bounce, and so on. This becomes fun pretty fast, and satisfying as well. The satisfaction I used to feel after making something blow up in Oddworld is the same satisfaction I feel when I make a monster slide off a platform or I successfully rebound a bullet off of a few walls to thwart my enemy.Most of the levels can be taken at your own pace, and offer fair, regularly placed checkpoints to assistant you in advancing. There are a few, but still fair, timed levels, where the Void chases you. There are checkpoints during these levels as well, and though I normally hate timed levels in platformers, these are made to be player-friendly.Though there is a lot of dialog from the narrator, it's spoken as you move, so you don't have to stop for it. So far the levels have been increasing slowly in difficulty, allowing the player to adjust as they continue.I think this is a great game for any for any fans of puzzle platformers. It has the feeling of being detailed, unique, and well thought out, though it's easy to toggle through your colors/elements with a click of the mouse, so it's also nice that it's far easier to control than some other games I've come across."
,Recommended,252670,9254238,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Tacet the Terror,This game is divided into 3 chunks:• Ultra casual + storyline• Cry yourself to sleep hardcore• Casual with hilarious dialogI enjoyed every second of it.
76561198141582765,Recommended,252670,13453251,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sweetiepea,"I've only played the game for a little while but already I can tell that this game is quite a interesting and fun game. I think that for the sale price this game is quite the snag and I encourage you to get it is you like games like Limbo, the cave, a walk in the dark. Nihilumbra is certainly worth a slot in your gaming library especially when it is 75% off."
,Recommended,252670,15591645,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mortricia,"This game is such a gem. The gameplay alone makes it a worthwhile purchase, but the true beauty of this game is in the sound and design. The best way I can think to describe the music is that it's something reminiscent of Danny Elfman, Edward Scissorhands in particular. The narrator speaks to you on your journey, making for quite the immersive start and then some. The best thing has to be how this game makes you think - and I don't mean with puzzles, though it will certainly do that. I believe the game must be a metaphor for how small and insignificant humans feel on the Earth, and about trying to attain some sort of meaning. The void will always find you... 10/10"
76561198105066592,Recommended,252670,13012682,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Feralistic,"Indie games always tend to be either hit or miss, but after playing Nihilumbra for quite a bit, I can safely say that the creators certainly hit the mark on this one.I definitely enjoyed the art style and idea of the story, a creature born from the nothingness of the world, seeking a purpose in a world in which it doesn't belong. While a puzzle/platformer with a nice challenge in it's own way, I find that between the story, art style, narration, and the way the whole thing ties together, makes it a beautiful piece of work that can certainly hold well in the argument of whether or not games can be viewed as art."
,Recommended,252670,15720332,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,White Shadow,"This was a fun little game. Nihilumbra is a 2D platformer that focuses on puzzle solving and spans 5 main areas, each of which consists of several stages. Each area introduces a new colour, which then becomes important for the solutions of puzzles in that area. For example, blue colour makes you slide along as though on ice, making you travel faster and jump further, green makes you bounce, brown makes you stick to walls, and so on.I found the use of unique effects of each colour for puzzle solving to be a pretty cool mechanic that made puzzles interesting. Some colours even had multiple uses. For example, the red could burn the enemies, but it could also make fireflies glow brighter, hence illuminating darker areas.The overall execution is very nice. The art and the music are especially stunning. Though the narrator's voice was a bit offputting at times and seemed a tad repetitive. Worse yet, if you died and returned to a checkpoint, the narrator would say the same quote again, even if he already said it earlier. And having to redo the puzzles you've done already just to get to the one you died on was also frustrating.The game in general is worth playing if you like puzzle games, though the story mode is pretty short (took me about 3 hours to complete). After the story mode, you unlock the void mode, which is significantly harder and might not be for everyone, as you go through the same areas except with much more complex puzzles and more enemies, often pitting you in very vulnerable situations where you're bound to fail or die dozens of times before you succeed. So if you're on the fence and unsure, best to get the game when it's on sale. The story mode is worth it alone.I would certainly like to see more similar games from the developers, because this one definitely had the right idea."
76561198104102579,Recommended,252670,16431475,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fox,"The game runs very smoothly, and the graphics are absolutely fantastic. It is actually very easy to play, and it's not extremely stressful like a lot of other platformers. The story in Nihilumbra is of those you'd never expect to find in a platformer such as this one.I have seen complaints about the controls, where you've had to click the bubble to used your Void ""color."" This is, infact, one way of doing it. If you're on the Desert stage, and you already don't know that holding down the right mouse-button would let you use your Void ""color,"" you may need to re-check your controls to make sure that you know what each one does.As for the story of the game, it's wonderful. Tell me, how often do you find a platformer game with as much story as this one has? Yes, it's a little bit odd, I agree; just the fact that there IS a story to this game at all is what makes it so great.Now for the narrating. I really adore the deep voice, but sometimes the narrator is only pointing out the obvious. For example, when you first ecounter the Kilmeth, he tells you that it can ""erase colors"" after you've most likely figured that out [if] you'd tried to burn it. As you progress through the game, he's only telling you things that have already figured out. I will agree that you could just turn off the voice, but what's the point when the text would still be there? It's what he's saying that's the most obnoxious, not the voice (for me, at least).+Swift"
76561198155756238,Recommended,252670,13705273,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,specterdawn,"This game is great! It's an epic little indie adventure featuring Born, a bit of Void out to prove that life can belong in the hands of anyone seeking it. The graphics are quite beautiful & the puzzles are enjoyable ( with one or two being more challenging than those before but still highly do - able ).It's well worth the $2 on sale."
76561198077025018,Recommended,252670,13295854,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A dark and dangerous adventure filled with beautiful imagery and a sense of playfulness hinted at behind the miserable facade. Nihilumbra is an exciting and moody platformer that should interest casual and hardcore gamers alike.As Born, use the different elements acquired to traverse the obstacles given and avoid being absorbed by The Void.A hardcore version of the game is unlocked upon completion, called ""Void Mode"".It is essentially the same game, albiet with design differences in each level as well as a drastic spike in difficulty.9.5/10 Highly Recommended for fans of the Platformer Genre."
,Recommended,252670,13373502,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"9.25/10A short and sweet highly addictive game. I thought I would give it a try for a little bit... I couldn't put it down. 2 hours through it and I complete the storyline to reveal a second playthrough with a twist. The mechanics made me instantly want to hop back into the story a second time right as I finished the first run. They are flawless. Oh, and if you are wondering why I didn't do that second playthough as soon as I complete the first, the only reason is I had to hop on over here to write this review to get the word out to everyone. Nihilumbra. Beautiful story, art, mechanics, and game. Worth a grab for 5 to 10 dollars, I would even say to grab it at 15 if it is not on sale."
,Recommended,252670,12069195,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,+Nirvana,nice game :))) music and everything is amazing
76561198018653068,Recommended,252670,13897752,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hollow,"Looks great, Love the way you use the colors<3. Still need to beat it but im loving it so far."
,Recommended,252670,13517810,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,∆Ɣ∆Ω₮―₲∆ⱤƉ∑,"A very fantastic game with lots of fun puzzles. I just love the design of the main character, concept of the enimies, and even the levels.If you aren't into puzzles, it still makes for a great platforming game.Bravo, I really recomend this game to my friends. 10/10"
,Recommended,252670,8446861,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MoGGatron,"In love with this beautiful, dark game."
,Recommended,252670,8462719,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sanguine Sword,"Brilliant puzzle platformer with a nice soundtrack.  It is very insightful and has fun gameplay elements that involve manipulating the physics of the world around you using different colors to proceed through levels avoiding obstacles, traps, and monsters.  If you choose to play the void mode, be prepared for a stiff challenge.  The main game itself is not too hard if you are looking for a relaxing platformer with eye candy graphics."
,Recommended,252670,8138146,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Morrigan Corvina,"I LOVE this game, Its creepy and awesome all at once xD"
,Recommended,252670,11428270,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Fate,"Nihilumbra is an absolutly stunning game. Though story mode Isn't extremely challenging, void mode still has plenty of materials for challenge hunters. However if you don't care about a challenge, this game is a work of art in itself. It is definantly an game you want to experience."
76561198012696724,Recommended,252670,8588053,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zaego,"Short version: Nihilumbra - a puzzle-platformer that every puzzle-breaker should have in his or her collection. 5/5.Long version: I stumbled upon this game when it was in the Steam Christmas-sale and went ""Heck, why not."" Later I forgot about it for a couple of weeks until I early this morning went to check out some of my achievements on another game. Browsing through the game library, the name 'Nihilumbra' struck me.On a hunch, I opened it up and was greeted by absolutely stunning main menu music. Curious, I proceeded to the game proper and was astonished at how wonderful the graphics looked, despite their very much painted appearance, not to even mention the music, which just blew me away in an instant. I was sold.As I continued through this game, I couldn't help but miracle at the quality of the voice-narration, the artwork, especially the music and the plot that the creators of this game have managed to knot into the gameplay. Alas, as every thing that just seems too good to be true, so it is with this game, too - it is a tad bit too short. But then again, I'd rather have an absolute jewel that lasts for a couple of hours, than a horrid piece of scum that goes on and on forever. 5/5."
76561198133628702,Recommended,252670,14319115,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Perfice,Quaint little puzzle game that revolves around using colors with certain advantages to progress your quest. The puzzles are quite simple and aren't too hard to solve until the second playthrough. Really the journey is the story being told that both beats you down and lifts you up in incredible ways.Easy game to get 100% completion if you're looking for some more perfect games.7/10
,Recommended,252670,17168392,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Leonard,"One of the best puzzle platformers I've ever played. Soundtracks are amazing, so is the voice acting. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,252670,8504251,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,wispie,I really really love this game. The first playthrough is short but the story is epic and the game's art is lovely. Once you beat the main story you unlock void mode which is brain twistingly challenging. I like the whole concept of using colors to solve puzzels. Each color has a different property that lets you interact with the enviornment.This game makes me smile.
,Recommended,252670,16516551,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ｇｕｃｃｉ,"This is really fun for the people who like Puzzles. Honestly I have just bought this game, and I am already in love with this. Even though not many people play it today. I reccomend this tottally."
,Recommended,252670,16831709,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,«Riniel»,"Cute story, pretty graphics. Story mode is a nice platformer. Pretty short. I found only a few slightly challenging parts to work through a few times. But then Void mode... haha it's infinitely harder! Have fun and don't rage too hard playing through that!"
,Recommended,252670,9950285,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Remy LeCash,"Ok game but let down by saga mentality of gameplay, like camera is fixed, the soundtrack was repeated over and overok to buy when game is on salaalso found that in void mode its like the game stops no voice over to progress intrest and keep you wanting to playSo will give a thumbs up but only for the first half of the game and when its get to void mode thumbs down for lack of effort"
,Recommended,252670,8025720,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Wizard of None,"This is a very simple game that is very fun to play. It includes the narrator aspect of portal and the stanley parable (but not quite as intelligent) but the gameplay is somewhat similar to limbo.The narrator is trying to be that devious voice in the back of your mind, but helps you too often to achieve that goal.Overall it's a great game, but don't expect more than a simple (but fun) game."
,Recommended,252670,28409746,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Homulilly,"The Void mode seemed kinda hard to me but I really enjoyed playing this game, I highly encourage you to play it if you enjoy dark and naturalistic environments, great atmospheres and platform-like games."
76561198142119034,Not Recommended,252670,22683134,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,shelbywing,"Overall, I don't really like this game and I don't recommend people to buy it. It is a very interesting story idea and has creative visuals and level design. I do like the main character, even though it doesn't speak or really react to anything it is likeable, mostly beecause of it's simplistic design.My major issue with this game is the narrator. By god, I want to strangle him sometimes. His voice is very nice to listen to while playing the game but his reactions sometimes are so distracting that it takes me ou of the game. He seems to be on your side and encouraging you on your journey sometimes but then all of the sudden he'll flip his ideals and just try to bring you down. WHO'S SIDE ARE YOU ON VOICE MAN?!I was forcing my way trying to finish this game and get to the end, only to find out there are void levels and I just said f*** that s***."
76561198002871766,Recommended,252670,25926596,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gatts,Pros:Amazing 2D designNot bad storylineRequires creativity.Cons:Too short for a game. it takes an hour or two to finish it.Narrator kind a boring.you should buy. loved it.
,Recommended,252670,29778096,Posted: 8 February,all,Insomniac_Ren,"This game helps me combat my manic depression and PTSD, all in the time it takes me to watch a Game of Thrones episode, which (ironically) does the complete opposite.11/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,252670,19531165,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nifaro,Gets more interesting the second go around
76561198102776288,Recommended,252670,13540284,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fauxesune,"Nihilumbra is philosophical. It just takes a bit more than half the game for it to say anything interesting. The narrator is indeed annoyingly heavy-handed and monotone. He also can't seem to decide if he's trying to be helpful or hurtful. At first I thought he was supposed to be the voice of the void itself but he quickly switched from cautioning you from parting the void to telling you to run from it. Just... What?What I'm here for is the puzzles. I like puzzles. It's a shame that you have to get through the first half of the game (story mode) to get to the real ones. Its an even bigger shame that many of the real ones (void mode) are centered on saying ""NO you can't use that color here. Find the other way around this."" I prefer puzzles that force me to use all of my tools instead of those that simply stop me from using the most convenient ones. Personal preference but I must admit the puzzles still are pretty good (in void mode).The music is nice and the art style is simple and effective. The game has run mostly smoothly for me with only a bit of trouble with brown glitching. I haven't quite finished the game but I've cleared the last two sections  (both living forest and ash desert) in an hour each whereas the frozen cliffs took me much longer in void mode so I'm suspecting that I will be finishing entirely soon with an estimated full time of perhaps twelve hours so I consider this a short game.It's worth getting (albeit on sale) if you like puzzles but (and this is a big but) it will take time to get to the valuable ones and the narrator is likely to aggravate those who either don't much care for philosophy or (like me) simply don't like being told what one is feeling.  Gameplay good- storytelling mediocre. Recommended for puzzles and because a few people will really like the story despite the ham-handed nature of it."
76561198000328048,Recommended,252670,21027016,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Chaotexe,"This game will beautifully and exquisitely take you through the experience of birth, life, death, your mortality and everything in between. This game is absolutely worth the full price, and at $1.99 for the Lunar sale, it's an incredible steal. You need to experience this. Just do it.I was not expecting it to affect me the way it did, nor was I expecting to enjoy it as much as I did, not really being much of a platformer gamer (read: at all a platformer gamer, and actually dislike them).Buy it. You won't regret it."
76561198068919027,Recommended,252670,21469820,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,dana13424,"Nihilumbra is alright. It's cheap enough to be easy to recommend. New game plus isfrustrating at times, but it's optional. overall, it's a fun game for killing a few hours withvery little invesntment. More information is down belowThe game has issues, primarily due to it being a mobile port:- The keys cannot be rebound, and you cannont assign custom keys to particular abilities.- There are few options, and what options are present are icons instead of text. I had noidea what they did.- The controls are tempermental at times. If you use an ability too quickly, the ability willbe ineffective.- some abilites don't look right in some situationsbrown can make you stick tonothing or inside walls if you stick at certain points. It doesn't effect gamplaybut it does look goofy.- The new game plus mode can be frustrating. You can easily make small mistakes thatforces a reset. In particular, pushing boxes into walls will make them unmovable. if youhave no way to destroy the box, you are forced to restart. In addition, some enemyplacements feel unfairThe first level in the void run is a good example. Thereis an enemy immediately on screen, and you have to react fast to avoid a death.Because you can't bind colors to keys, you have no way to quickly select a color. Mostearly deaths will be because you didn't know what color is needed for the next screen.The game does have a lot going for it:- It's cheap at all times.- It can be finished quickly.(2 hours)- There is a new game plus mode that adds to the run time and gives more of a challange.- The game allows for a lot of freedom with the mechanics.- Everything looks and sounds great.- It is fun and satisfying to beat the levels quickly."
,Recommended,252670,23893188,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zaknh,"I bought it just to get the insignia but I didn't expect how artistic the game is. It's enchanting and calming, it teaches a lesson and if you pay attention you can easily realize that the game talks about the depression. It was a great experience doing the story mode."
,Recommended,252670,8441928,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gangs20003,"Looks good but nothing revolutionary, especially compared to some other indie platformers out there.Its a good concept, sends a nice existential message. But its quite short. Its a good game overall and not too difficult to recommend, especially at the discounted price point (during the sale). Check it out. Good for a couple of hours of passive fun."
,Recommended,252670,8473392,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jokerr ≋,"I really, really recommend this game. It's eerie and creepy feeling is beat by none. It's narrating, story and music are perfect, and it's a great game to play. It is pretty creepy and can be a little scary at times, but is still a good puzzle game!"
,Recommended,252670,21353996,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TheDContinuum,"Nihlumbra is true to its name: a game about Nihilism and a little umbral shadow that escapes from the nothingness and wants to LIVE! It’s all about trying to escape your fate, and seems like it’ll end with the typical Nihilist “everything is meaningless and hopeless” but you’ll be pleasantly surprised. You control a little shadow who learns about colors, each of which has a different effect: Blueish-white = ice, Green = trampoline, red = fire, brown = sticky, yellow = electricity. You combine these skills as you go along to solve puzzles and try to escape your fate.Let me preface my review by saying that a lot of the negative reviews are unfair. One of the main criticisms of this game is that the main story is easy, and the so-called afterparty known as “Void Mode” is insanely hard. That’s because they’re thinking of it as one continous game, when it’s not. It’s essentially a “Story mode” where you learn the skills, do some levels of varying difficulty (usually easy to medium), you enjoy an interesting story in an interesting world as you go along. It ends with the words “The End.” You can play to this point and have a wonderful experience, perhaps not one that’s 100% worth the $7.99 asking price, but almost certainly worth $5 and DEFINITELY worth the $1.99 I paid for it on sale. If you’re a hardcore puzzler, then you get BONUS levels with some added difficulty. Yes, the bonus levels are GRUELING, with some colors (i.e. powers) forbidden in certain areas, few (if any) save points, and really tricky timing at times. (Like starting off a level with something directly behind you and chasing you.) To be honest, I played a few levels of the Void Mode and felt a little cheated, because I looked at a level and said “Oh, I know what to do! The story mode taught me this! Oh, wait…I can’t use fire here. Or ice. I have no effin’ clue how to get past these 6 enemies without dying over and over.” A lot of them weren’t about planning or skill, mostly about finding the ONE solution that was correct, whereas the main game allowed some creative thinking and was forgiving with your various options. Each “world” of levels ends with a “You’re being chased by the Void, so solve these puzzles really quickly” which is frustrating at times, but it’s kind of like the Boss battle of each world, so it works, and it’s a nice change of pace I guess.Pros:+Great music!+Great art – complex yet minimalist+Interesting game mechanic with tons of cool powers to mix and match+Atmospheric – Each area of the world reflects the color you’ve just learned. E.g. You learn red in a volcano level with steam and lava. You learn the blue/white color in an ice world with howling wild and falling snow.Neutral:~ Voice acting is AWFUL, but I put it in neutral because there’s an option to turn it off. It seems unnecessary anyway, because all the words are on the screen, and the voice ruins the atmosphere by interjecting itself all the time. I turned it off after a few levels.~ I’m not a fan of the end-of-the-set-of-levels chase scene, but some people might appreciate the change of pace, so I’ll put this here.Cons:- As mentioned above, your experience will either be A) very short if you only play through the story, but will be casual and enjoyable or B) long and grueling, if you play Void Mode. So it’s either a length problem or a difficulty problem, but not actually both. Paradox.Overall: 8.5/10Story Mode: 9/10. Fun, casual, but not overly challenging.Void mode: 4/10. Punishing. Not for the faint of heart. Skippable.Tl;dr version: Buy it, if only for the story mode."
,Recommended,252670,16729174,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Xavi3R,"In a time where indie game development is thriving, colorful trash and hit and runners is a common phenomenon.This is NOT one of this cases.If you enjoy a good puzzle platformer you can't go wrong with this.Artistically it is a beauty but what's even more important is its gameplay: makes sense to use logic and the game feels highly rewarding as you progress.A few minor complaints with the controls but in general really enjoyable and thus easily recommended for the price and audienceAn unexpected small little jewel"
,Recommended,252670,34237203,Posted: 14 August,all,AstralDreamer,"""You are newly born, you can't wait to see more and more of this place""The design and concept of this game were mesmerizing. It was enjoyable and it's quite challenging. Believe me or not, it's impossible to complete the game without dying from time to time. Don't worry, the puzzles won't require to you apply thorough analytical thinking in every obstacles. The game only requires simple logic. Everytime you complete a level, somehow you'll realize that the game is trying to convey an important message (see it for yourself at the end of the game).I recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzles, casual gaming and to the people who are easily bored. I think this game will keep you busy and at the same time enjoyed. :)"
,Recommended,252670,9959673,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,EmmmE,"Very good and entertainment game. I've enjoyed everything in game: story-line, music, game play etc. The game is quite easy and casual. But in void mode you will have some troubles and will spend much time. So if you like an atmospheric game it's your choice!"
,Recommended,252670,8755168,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,essen,True happiness is in The Void.
76561197989621285,Recommended,252670,7686094,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Bundeseule,AWESOME!!!!
76561198041461815,Recommended,252670,25132895,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bjola,"A great platformer/puzzler with a unique art style and gameplay. Void mode is HARD, but doable. But still, HARD in parts.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,252670,35397103,Posted: 1 October,all,Nyarlako,"This game is something very special, a real masterpiece.The mood and the story is unforgettable, the unique and fun gameplay too.Art style and the controls is perfect, the music is fitting and nice.Puzzles are clevel but not frustrating in story mode, just the right difficulty.After you finish the game you unlock void mode, where all levels are diffent and much, much harder giving the extra challenge that more hardcore puzzle gamers may want.The narrator and his voice acting is great too.And the ending is really, really beauiful.I can heartfully recommend it, this game is an exprience you will never forget."
,Recommended,252670,11240002,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,NIИ,"If you like puzzle-platformers, you will love this game. It has nice artwork, a great narrator and the gameplay is perfect, with an amazing variety of puzzles.8.7/10"
,Recommended,252670,12251223,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kushina,"What do you think would arise if you combine parts of games like Portal 2 (coulours remind me of it) Limbo (the story of void) and Super Meat Boy (hard but exiting void mode, as well as the void chasing after you at the end of the levels)? I believe it's Nihilumbra. I simply love this game!The storytelling is great (the narrator has very pleasant voice). Storyline makes you think about the game, you put yourself into the main character's place and try to escape from the void, try to understand who you are. The graphics is beautiful, the soundtrack... oh, the soundtrack! It's a masterpiece!I cannot do anything else but recommend this game, I haven't found a single imperfection. I have fallen in love with this game after watching the sample on the store page, and I really enjoy it now.Buy it, play it and you'll see ;)"
76561198012232661,Recommended,252670,12808563,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lomag,"The game is quite nice and generally I'd recommend it, but ...Story mode is too easyThe narraror in story mode is only for the very depressed,I really  don't know what this talking about ""guilt"" is all about, it's just annoying.Some levels in void mode can bee very hard, there is no way to adjust difficulty.impossible to remap keysit is not a real side-scroller, so often when you move to a new screen you are confronted with a situation that will kill  you and you'll have to redo everything from the last save point to enter this screen prepared. Often the sitation that is presented is not really hard to resolve if only you would have had a chance to see it half a second before. Or maybe that's just me being slow ... In void mode this can becomeveryannoying. Well, at least there is an achievement for dying 10 times in a row in void mode ;)Apart from that it is fun to play."
,Recommended,252670,21554180,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Applejohn,Cute and very Artistic Game!it's completly made out of art and is mostly enjoyed on the evenings cause of thenice deep voicetalking to you throughout the whole game.It's a bitshortbut has still somenice puzzelsand is all in all agood platformer1+ The Charakter appels to me for some reason :D
,Recommended,252670,9560179,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Wereboar,"Nihilumbra, a Jewel from BeautiFun Games is indeed worth every penny. It is a jump and run riddler. It has many good aspects like harmonious game design. Good design and a atmospheric soundtrack. Furthermore it has a nice and immersive backstory, so it is fun trying to reach the next zone, or die trying. There are also some small minor drawbacks on the game - mostly because the timing can at times be absolutely unforgiving.A game that can enthrall the players for hours and days onward, if played in several sessions. Addictive? Maybe! But not for players who have a strong dislike of platformers, riddles and jump and run action."
76561198059516636,Recommended,252670,15242781,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Uncrowned King,amazing emotional game with an unique colors systemit has good puzzles and nice art style.once you started the game you really feel like you will notstop playing until the game ends.i recommend it for every platformer fan.
,Recommended,252670,8437376,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DarkChaplain,"I just played my first 40 or so minutes and reached the Ash Desert, which is the 3rd world after the intro section. My god is it a wonderful game!To put it in perspective: I usually, for almost every single game, play in windowed mode. So I actually went to the options menu, set the game to windowed, and started playing. Even before leaving the Void, I had already switched back to 1080p fullscreen and got rid of all external distractions to best take in the beautiful art direction, soundtrack and voice.The setting, while rather depressing in many ways, actually also feels quite uplifting - and I can appreciate that. That the gameplay is very intuitive and enjoyable only supports my belief that I've got a real gem on my hard drive right now.Thanks to the developers for Nihilumbra. How in all the hells could a game like this have been stuck in Greenlight-limbo for over a year?! Valve really need to get their act together....I will update this ""review"" later on, when I have played (a lot) more of it. However, I doubt this game can anything but better from there on out. It is a lovely game, and I would very much recommend picking it up!"
76561198076176773,Recommended,252670,33110405,Posted: 1 July,all,Alistair L,"Nihilumbra is a wonderful game.I really don't know why I purchased it, other than it being on sale. The atmospheric indie puzzle platfomer seems to be popular on Steam these days, but I'm generally weary of games like this since being disappointed by Trine and LIMBO, two giants of the genre.But, hey, whaddya know, Nihilumbra is a wonderful game.It succeeds massively where both Trine and LIMBO failed for me, by being engaging, atmospheric, and thought-provoking without forgetting to actually be a decent game. The gameplay is original, intuitive, and just very satisfying to partake in. It is perhaps a little easy in Normal Mode, but it makes up for it by being brilliantly devilish in Void Mode (which unlocks once you beat Normal Mode). The control is well-calibrated and manageable (as opposed to the imprecise and sloppy controls of Trine), while the puzzle design is logical and can be reasoned through (as opposed to the trial and error-based puzzles of LIMBO).The story and artistic design are equally wonderful. I was genuinely attached to Born, the sentient Voidstuff who acts as a protagonist, and invested in their fate. The ending was intriguing and uplifiting, and the aesthetic aspects, including backgrounds, enemy design, etc., were interesting and original. The soundtrack is beautiful, particularly the Void chase theme.To summarize: Get Nihilumbra, even if you don't typically gravitate towards the genre it belongs to. It's surprisingly lovely."
76561197994807476,Not Recommended,252670,24276690,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Paladin Widdershins,"I played through this entire game in one sitting, and have since warned all of my friends away from it. The puzzles are fine, but it lacks all of the personality of Papo & Yo, Portal 2, Contrast, Limbo, Trine, Oddworld, Ori & The Blind Forest, or even Tri: Of Friendship and Madness. Each room is its own very bland puzzle, which was a good decision for the mobile game that it was. However as a port on a full PC you have so many better options. I found myself hoping that the game would end, only to be presented with yet another boring puzzle with a completely pretentious voiceover."
,Not Recommended,252670,33075338,Posted: 1 July,all,CerealGrillr,"This game is so frustrating, the standard playthrough is easy but the void playthrough is just plain irritating. If you enjoy getting repeatedly killed because your reflexes were half a second to slow, relish mastering changing elements in a split second and generally enjoy the feeling of baching your head against the jerky and often unfair screen transitions this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,252670,25662840,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jaruna,"In the trailer you see a shadow guy who manipulates colors to clear objectives and kill enemies thoughout ""cleverly designed"" levels.In my head I imagined fast-paced platformer action as I quickly swap between colors and refine my skills.Instead Nihilumbra is a slow-moving, utterly boring puzzle-platformer that I still might have recommended if it weren't for the monotone narrator's self-indulgent didactic script that plays literally the entire time.The boring narrator keeps telling you how you feel.""you are mystified""""you are scared""""you wonder what this means""No, I don't. Stop talking dude. The game is bad enough without that guy telling me I'm interested when I'm not."
,Recommended,252670,12145310,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,fullskel,play as the most edgy thing in existence to find your true self.
,Recommended,252670,13130111,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[Zy.Ls] nicolopicus7,"One of the best puzzle games I've ever played, so worth buying it. It's a fantastic mix of puzzle, action and story based games. With a unique story, gameplay, unlockable 'hard' mode and with decent replay value. The game is hugely underated by metacritic. You'll be thinking of a complex solution one moment, then the next you are in an action packed run for your life, never a dull moment for a beautiful game."
76561197965695970,Recommended,252670,11600007,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,TurtleFlipper,"So I have just completed story mode.  What do I think about the game.Artistically beautiful the artstyle and graphics fit the theme.  The Puzzles were quite simple, although one or two did give me major frustration timing my movements right (it could be there was a simpler way to do them), however I still have Void Mode which is apparently harder.The themes explored in the game are what makes this game brilliant for me, and I would highly reccommend it for anyone wanting a gentle puzzle game. (oh, and it can take some co-ordination when it comes to the end of level void swallowing bits)"
,Recommended,252670,13484328,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Selazul,"Cute indie game with a soothing narrator that guides you around the world. It's a pretty simple puzzler game, and for 1.99 I stick by my purchase.  It does tend to get a bit frazzling at points, and thats when you abandon it to your go-to pastimes.  Its nice to pick up and play on a rainy day, or when you have a brief period of downtime and don't want to get into anything too heavy.  I give it a 6/10"
76561198114377001,Recommended,252670,14313272,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,MMMM SO TASTY,Great game with awesome story and gameplay 10/10
,Recommended,252670,14416590,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,maYes,"Beautiful story and graphics, amazing indie game!"
,Recommended,252670,10358901,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,_monad,"Nihilumbra does not feel much like a puzzle game. Progression through each level is often done with ease, and as a platformer it also fails to deliver a challenge. Regardless, it's enjoyable. The simple gameplay feels nice, and allows you to appreciate the beautiful visuals and the simple but intriguing narrative. The Void creatures were creatively designed, and encountering each of them was perhaps what I most liked about the game. As a puzzle game it falls short, but it's a really good game anyway.For Linux usersAchievements aren't implemented for 64-bit Linux. If you want to unlock achievements, set Nihilumbra's launch options through Steam to ""linux32 %command%"" (without quotes) to run the 32-bit version of the game. If you already have a 64-bit save started, I talk a little bit about transferring themhere, but be aware that the unlock times for the previously earned achievements will all be set to the time at which you load the save in 32-bit."
,Recommended,252670,8448726,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ovenman,"Personally, this is one of the most touching games I've played this year. Even if there is no direct interaction between the character and the player (bar the obvious control), this game has connected me with Born, a young, child-like being that simply wanted to do what we all do - live.A random, cheap title which sparked my interest with its unusual, yet seductive title. Guess you shouldn't judge a book by its cover."
,Recommended,252670,13411078,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Wolfy626,"GREAT GAME. Awesome Storytelling, narration, mechanics, soundtrack, etc.Mouse is assistance to your character as you paint environment to change it's properties.Some logical flaws and at times clunky controls (usually VERY smooth though)Overall? 4.5 Stars! :D"
,Recommended,252670,14311763,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,be,this game is defnitely for masochists.
,Recommended,252670,22842138,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jyrden,"With the recent changes to Steam and how it displays reviews I thought it only right to big this game up.Let's be clear, the Story Mode of this game is basically its tutorial and takes around 2hrs to clear (longer or shorter depending on your ability). Only when you open void mode does the game throws some real puzzles at you - for that reason you should take a pinch of salt when viewing review that have little to no playtime."
,Recommended,252670,13798693,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Platform game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are some different languages available.There is a mouse sensitivity slidebar available.There is a Music volume slidebar available.There is a Sound volume slidebar available.There is a Speech volume slidebar available.There are many different resolution sizes available.There is an Art Gallery.About the game.You are some shadow creature from the void who is able to absorb some colors. Each color has a different effect on the platform. The Red color is able to transform the platform into fire while the blue one makes ice.  Each color has their own kind of gameplay and are needed to complete certain area's or defeating enemies. There are checkpoints laying around and you will be send back to this point whenever you have died. The progress will be reset back to the last checkpoint and you will have to do this again if you have re-spawned. Everytime you are getting a new color you will get a small instruction and tutorial how it works and what you are able to do with it.There are a couple of chapters each with 7-8 Levels.Great graphics and scenery.There is a story.Easy to play and understand.There is no such thing as lives.The game is well explained in details. They will help you throughout the game.They will provide you with hints.There are checkpoints.Different color with each different effect.There is ingame options.Each new color will give you a small introduction tutorial.Other things.It could be a bit laggy to low end machines.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10
76561197992229015,Recommended,252670,12316339,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Dire,"This game is a peculiar thing...first off, it IS a game and it isn't bad, BUT it is a curious mix of genres, some form of art and random stuff. It is neither a platformer nor a puzzle game initially (more on that later).You are a voidling, you escape the void and you're on the run. The void is chasing you with monsters and directly in 1 ""boss"" level per stage. There are 5 stages in the game, not a whole lot. You can play through the game in about 2-3 hours. It is not difficult. Basically you gain 1 new ability per stage in the form of colours (ice, moss, sand, fire and electricity) with which you have to beat the rather short levels. After you gain fire you can actually kill enemies yourself from time to time. As I said you do neither a lot of platforming nor puzzling. 98% of the stages are self explanatory. Perhaps this is more of a visual and thoughtful journy, as you are accompanied by a narrator, who is almost constantly babbling something I didn't really care anything about, and possibly acts as your inner voice, telling a story about regret, fate etc. blabla. As you are running away from the void it devours the lands you travel, making you directly responsible for the destruction on the earth. Maybe that's the message. After you have beaten the game you unlock ""void mode"", a kind of alternate hard mode for the game. This is where stuff could get interesting, but I can't force myself to play through it, because here the game really becomes a puzzle platformer and I'm not interested in spending the time for this, but for anyone who is interested in that, you have to endure the normal mode first. Void mode is for you to clean up the void and restore the earth...whatever.For a few bucks this game provides some entertainment in my opinion, but it's in the end just mediocre and a bit strange.By the way, no controller support, which makes sense, because you have to ""paint"" with your mouse cursor. Would be difficult with a controller.TL;DR: nice game, if somewhat strange concept and annoying moral story. Has additional puzzle hardmode after completion. Pick up for low price."
,Recommended,252670,24707933,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NOV@,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!
,Not Recommended,252670,14042459,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,armadaos,"I didn't really enjoy this as much as I thought I would, playing through the main quest. Once you finish it, the game opens up into a 'void' challenge which is significantly harder than the (easy) main storyline. I didn't enjoy it. It's not a 'revisit' or 'redo' of the original story line levels, but it focuses more on killing void creatures in thos enviroments, rather than exploring and puzzles.Main storyline took me 2 hours, and i'm not a big fan of difficult platformers, so I had no interest in what may of been a longer definently more challenging mode. Honestly the controls themselves didn't lend themselves to faster paced more difficult platforming/killing, so even if i was grooving on the idea, i can assure you the controls would of kicked me out just as quickly as the narration.I feel the narrator was relatively unessesary, and many of the lines of dialogue, i really felt were out of place, or didn't mesh well with the story. Honestly, it's game where the narration should really add to it, but more often than not i felt it pulling me out of the game because of lines i didn't expect or just lines that broke the feeling.I normally go into this game expecting a big point, or big plot or big overarching theme 'redemption' 'exploration' 'overcoming of one's greif' 'growing up' honestly, I didn't feel any particular ONE theme from this game... and that saddens me because it could of been as enjoyable to me as Thomas was Alive if it had one thing and explored it well, rather than trying to touch on multiple things at once.Unique mechanics, not particularly engaging though, and marred with questionable narration and thematic choices...Get it really cheap for 2 hours of entertainment, more if you enjoy the more punishing execution style platformers, but be aware the mechanics themselves don't lend themselves well to the platform genres need of smooth, precise gameplay. It's a game that would of benefited more from a longer storyline or a more crisp singular point, than a second challenge mode and shorter story line. The story failed to buy me in, and so I was left, ultimately disappointed."
,Recommended,252670,34109510,Posted: 8 August,all,✪ThunderLord,"Good game , nc story mode  love it <3"
,Recommended,252670,7570927,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Shakeron,Unforgettable journey!!! awesome game!
76561198004585919,Recommended,252670,29675852,Posted: 3 February,all,sircrimsonfox,"This follows a long line of puzzle platformers and it really hits the spot. The history of puzzle platformers is a long one and very much is a genre I've always loved. Way back in the 90s there were many. Usually cartoony in form and had stories and plots. Original Prince of PErsia fits this bill but with the Playstation came 3D and very cartoony characters like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro and such. Also in the past shooting has been part of the mix. But the indie wave since about 2010 had taken things back to its 2D sidescrolling roots and added an art to it that was so new and appealingly fresh. The biggest addition to this line was Limbo. A totally beautiful game. A game that was totally the opposite of lots of platform sidescroller shooters from before as it not only featured a helpless protagonist that was relentlessly tortured throughout the game but had an artistic style and statement that just was pure beauty. So goes Nihilumbra. Yes Nihilism. It's not just for Lebowski fans anymore. This is another success in this genre and it really taps into the most fun bits of Portal 2. Remember the goo levels? This game features a lot of things like that. YOu have this character, this blob...this ""nothing"". That escapes ""the void"". And he mimics the form of a scarecrow. I LOVE this choice. Your ragdoll man floats and blows along. He doesn't walk. He kind of floats. And his ""clothes"" are always flopping in the breeze and especially when he lands from jumps. It's so appealing of a character. LIke the best of disney sidekicks. And then you have gruesome bizarre monsters. Think of all the craziest scariest designs from Dr Seuss or Tex Avery. Stuff of nightmares in shape and form because all these things are alive. And there are different ways to avoid and outsmart these creatures. And traverse this world. Okay now....the guy. There is a narrator that comes across like one of those positive self help cassettes. Always telling you your place in this world. Telling you what a failure you are. Telling you how waful your life has been. Telling you you will never win. And then reinvigorating you with his soothing tones what a success you will be, are being, will continue to be. You are special and goshdarnit people like you, Stewart Smalley. I still don't know what to make of this really. The narrator gives you all the instruction for the game. And then visual aids appear in a lot of places to tell you EXACTLY how to solve a puzzle. In fact they don't wait for more than about 2 failures before the game actually tells you how to solve a puzzle. I am not sure if it does that all the time. Maybe just when you are learning a new move? But I see it often. I've conquered the first two worlds thus far. I guess that means levels. And each world seems to offer new types of gameplay and monsters and moves. Very much like Portal 2 did. More moves and thus more puzzles you solve for those moves then puzzles combining those moves and monsters with previous ones to remind you. It does do a bunch of handholding for sure. But I do feel satisfied playing it. It's like relaxing in a hot tub. And when the swirly purple void emcompasses me...and the whole screen. I don't mind. It's beautiful. Well....unless of course well yes I do mind when it is chasing me and I'm trying to plan for moves that haven't come on the screen yet because...the ....screen....is....scrolling....by....so........S....L...O...W...L...Y.... However any frustrating bits so far have been solved with a few tries, trial and error and whatnot. Seeing how you die and then remembering and preparing for that offscreen jump. And it is satisfying changing the ground to grassy bouncy, maybe just a LITTLE less satisfying to shooting goop everywhere with a goopgun. I'm liking it. It's a satisfying PP...and a satisfying experience. I'll let the narrator lull me with his dulcet tones and float away in my scarecrow body. I really love the animation of the characters by the way. And the scenery and weather are just gorgeous. This is also one that goes on sale a lot from it's list price of just 8 dollars so it's a steal when it does. Get it."
,Recommended,252670,24123806,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"This a weird game but it's also kinda interesting.What bugs me about it is the fact that everything is spelled out. The writing is not of a high enough quality to make it literarily valuable. And the level design suffers from the repetitiveness. The narrator talks as if he was the game designer, shoving every meta concept down your throat. And everything is established way too much. I'd appreciate it if it was a little more subtle.Although the art is very elaborate, some objects seem like they were done by a different person. They do not blend together seamlessly. And some of them are not cohesive in the game world. Like the laser turrets and everything mechanical.The gameplay reminds me a little of Trine and Scribblenauts, because you draw into your surroundings while being in a sidescrolling platformer. So it is actually a puzzle game. Coloring the surfaces is a little like the gels in Portal 2. You have one that makes you bounce, one that makes you fast... but there are a couple more. It's acually not bad.There are a few beginner's traps - stuff you can't possibly foresee and walk right into. Also when you enter a new screen it may happen that you get killed instantly. It's good to have a lot of checkpoints, though. But you will hear the same lines of the narrator repeatedly.The experience would be better when the narrator would have talked in a made-up language or if you heard undefined, mysterious soundeffects together with the onscreen text.The controls are fine and so is the music.It feels veryindybut also as if they were trying a little too hard to reinforce this notion. It was probably made by someone who is not a game designer first."
,Recommended,252670,8446613,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,*UaS*Màtri×,"Nihilumbra combines aspects of life lessons and puzzle solving skills with beautiful narration, graphics and music. The storyline is entertaining but also enriching in the sense that it is essentially an explanation of life and what it means to live. In one word, the game is simply: beautiful.10/10"
,Recommended,252670,24529422,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JimDeadlock,"OverviewYou solve the puzzles, deal with various purple monsters and progress by painting parts of the platform with 5 different colours, each of which has its own property: slide, bounce, sticky, burn and electricity. There are 5 areas in the game, each with its own environment and colour scheme. Within each area you can take your time until the last level which is always a speed run where you are chased by the Void (a purple wave covering the whole screen).The graphics are beautiful and the gameplay itself adds to the beauty as you paint the scenery. The devs are clearly proud of their work, and rightly so, as their gallery of rough sketches and gameplay development is gradually unlocked throughout the game.Steam trading cards and achievements are included and it's cross-platform (I'm a Linux user so that's a big plus for me).No performance issues or glitches at all. Very stable and smooth.Early GameNearly all of the negative reviews of this game show less than 4 hours of gameplay, which means they are only reviewing the Story Mode part of the game, of which there are 41 levels that seem endless. The gameplay at this stage is very easy, I would say the first 70% is child level. The whole time you are subjected to an extremely irritating narrator droning on about hopelessness and death and giving clues to the gameplay, as if it wasn't easy enough already. I was sorely tempted to throw in the towel like so many other reviewers but I wanted to get all the achievements so I carried on. I'm so glad I did!Void ModeAs it turned out, this is a 'game of two halves'. Void Mode is properly challenging, one of the best puzzle platformers I've ever played. I'm talking 50+ attempts at some levels involving timing and accuracy, and that's after you've worked out how to solve it in the first place which isn't easy either. The narrator has disappeared by this point too, replaced by a subtle background tune, just what you need for concentration. Many of the solutions took a lot of brainpower but none were impossible if I thought about it for long enough.AftermathAfter beating Void the 'polyglot language' is unlocked. All the menus etc are slang/internet speak. You can play through Story Mode again and this time there are funny comments from the developer and interesting insights into the game concepts. It's strange because after Void Mode it seems to take no time at all to speed through the entire game (this is the same playthrough that seemed to take forever the first time!) If you reach the 'True End' you will find out what the Void represents.Finally, I cleared up half a dozen of the remaining achievements which, having completed Void, were entertaining but not too difficult (but would have seemed impossible without all my previous experience).In retrospect the Story Mode is nothing more than an extended tutorial. If the developers left Void Mode open from the start instead of forcing you to play through the entire Story Mode to unlock it then players who were getting bored of Story would attempt Void and go scurrying back to Story because they would realise they need the practice and that there is a decent game ahead. I'm sure doing this simple thing would prevent most of the negative reviews.Minor ConsFullscreen only, no windowed mode.No controller support, although this may have been left out deliberately. It would be better for moving around but the painting side of it just wouldn't be feasible with a controller, it needs a mouse.64-bit Linux doesn't upload achievements to your profile but there's a workaround - it's Linux, of course there is :)ConclusionThis is excellent value considering the low price vs amount of gameplay. Apart from the initial Story Mode section (which I now understand was a necessary evil), the vast majority of the 32 hours I've spent playing this game have been fun and rewarding. I highly recommend it as long as you have the patience to work through the 2-4 hours at the beginning before you get to the meaty part of the game.Hot tip: use right-click to quickly erase - it's much easier than selecting it and you will need to know this for some of the quick-fire later levels.I bought this game myself but have dedicated the review to the fabulous and generous people at Steamified.This review is part of the Steamified Community Review program. For similar reviews and fantastic giveaways please visithttp://www.steamified.com/."
76561198043262626,Not Recommended,252670,23811661,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Applejacks,"Got this during the summer sale, and gotta say that it really does nto deserve the ""very positive"" that its overall rating gives it, and especially not worth the 8 bucks. I'll list some pros and cons real quick.Pros: -interesting concept, both in game mechanics and in worldbuildingcons: -scribbly graphics, not interesting to look at (doesn't fit the aesthetics, entity graphics and world graphics incongruent)-a tendency to fill a level with mostly easy puzzles, then one impossible one out of nowhere (just bad design)-very uncreative enemy names, designs, etc. (immersion-breaking and incongruent with game's themes)-a narrator that's both irritating, refuses to stop holding your hand throughout the game, refuses to just shut up and let the player play, badly written monologue, and no one can tell if he's rooting for you, or trying to get you to give up. (just plain inexcusable)-poorly executed central game mechanic, introducing unintuituve controls (controls intuitive, powers uninteresting)All in all, wonderful concept, poor execution, takes itself too seriously, very low quality. 2/10"
76561198025349191,Not Recommended,252670,17319048,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,InfiniteMass,"I did finish the game. Some of it was very fun. I love to figure out puzzles. But once into the Void levels, it became so frustrating that I considered abandoning the game. Instead I referred to a walkthrough to help out. It was never that the puzzles were hard to figure out. It was the timing that was so critical in some cases. A second or less could make the difference in not getting through an obstacle.There were times you needed to bounce so high that the figure you were controlling would go off the top of the screen. This made it very tough to ""stick"" a landing or bounce just right. There was no way to avoid death repeatedly because you could not see the next screen of obstacles/enemies until you were in the line of fire or off the edge of a cliff.  I could not find any way to change the key mappings/bindings. So, I was stuck using WASD. That means my fingers were in the wrong position to quickly tap on numbers to change colors, I had to rely on the mouse wheel which means cycling through colors which takes more time than desired.  There were times I just left the game up in paused mode because I did not want to replay a prior part of a level (no save nearby). So the number of hours it took me to play is highly inflated with 8 hours while I slept or worked.For me, these frustration points were just too many. Yet, as always, I feel good having completed the game. I even played all of the extra levels that get unlocked once the void levels are completed. I actually enjoyed those extra levels and their pithy monologues more than the void levels. Those were hilarious and informative about the game's development.However, I can not see any replay value. So if you choose to play the game, consider waiting for a sale."
76561198017288816,Not Recommended,252670,24208712,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,adam.lagerqvist,"Main storyline way too easy, actually thought it was a tutorial until i beat it. Didn't bother with void-mode (unlocked after comleting main storyline) since I felt I had wasted my time during the first run."
76561197993557123,Recommended,252670,12750338,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,hawklight,Do not play if depressed.
76561198033470545,Recommended,252670,7490908,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,C. Viper,"Excellent this Nihilumbra game story magic first the Blue Orb example ice floor slide running jump over, the Green Orb example jump floor and wall bump, the Brown Orb is slow walk floor and climb grab wall and ceiling jump, the Red Orb use fire kill any enemy and light torch inside dark, the Yellow Orb example use lightning machine line working elevator system done the five difference orbs great learned me."
76561198077059261,Recommended,252670,11876152,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ravenragextreme,"This game.. ohh Boy this game just bleeds personality, and yet your ""character"" technically isint even alive, you have escaped the never ending maw of the Void, the Entropy of the Universe manifested in physical form, Why do you exist? should you Exist? are the questions you ask yourself as you venture through this game.Gameplay wise its fun, you obtain colour powers that allow you ""paint"" the world, to aid in light platforming/puzzle solving, and to avoid the creepy dark creatures the Void has created to stop you from fleeing it, it has a nice feel using your mouse pointer to paint the ground with ice to slide, or use Electric currents to power circuit boxes.To top that off there is a wonderfully almost sinister Narrator guideing you through the game, He questions your existance, even telling you your not strong enough to move forward.. yet you do cause you are a new being in a mysterious world, but no this.The Void is Eternal.. The Void cannot be stopped.. it will chase you to the ends of the Earth.. The Void must be made Whole again....Note that 4 hours was the length to for me to complete the first ""part"" of the game, a much Harder Second part is unlocked when you complete part 1."
,Recommended,252670,27723138,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,うずまきボルト,"Jogo mto bom, a historia é otima :D"
,Recommended,252670,27018528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neferpitou,"good game, u need think fast :D"
76561198043853017,Recommended,252670,27311630,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meinemacht,Nice and relaxing game
,Recommended,252670,19795168,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Pertel,"I like the fact that is was a short game.  Completed it in one go of about 2.5 hours.  It was fun and it looked pretty, but by the time I completed it, I felt like it was still the tutorial.  By that I mean, by the end I didn't feel like the game had become more difficult.  I just had a more variety of ""powers"" which I would need to get past the puzzles.  Yeah, some of the puzzles were a little more difficult later in the game than in the beggining, but I still wasn't feeling the ""progress"".It's a nice game but I'd wait for a discount!"
76561198020756311,Recommended,252670,19975461,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SiLveR,
,Recommended,252670,21400626,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Winstontaneous,"Pros:Excellent Voice Actor for narration.Simple mechanics that can be executed in creative ways, offering challenge without over-complication.NG+ Mode, with a difficulty spike sufficient enough to offer an achievement for dying 10 times on the same level.Flash animation style, and minimalistic puzzle-platformer gameplayCons:As great as the voice acting is, having to hear it over and over again for the more difficult parts, is not.No controller support for Bigpicture users, though a mouse is the faster way to play.I wonder if it is a PC native game or a mobile port? It plays decently enough though.Final Verdict: Great game, though I'm not sure what price point I'd  put on it. Definitely worth it on sale. (If I'm not mistaken, the game's normal price is $10?)7/10"
,Recommended,252670,8438328,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mein Führer,"Nihilumbra is a fun little indie that has a good bit of platforming and can be related to  super meat boy in some small aspects.It can give you a few good hours of fun, and if you are looking at this because of the community choice sale going on as I type this, it is a good idea to buy it for only $2.99. Some people seem to dislike the placement of the autosave locations, but there is a reason you can't save wherever. Most platformers don't do it that way for a reason. The narrator adds a little bit of fun to it, and the puzzles progressively get harder and entertaining. If you are very good at platformers, I can recommend this. If you are meh at platformers, I canSTILLrecommend this as it is very simple to learn and it teaches you perfectly."
,Recommended,252670,15117183,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"Nihilumbra is a fun platforming game with interesting artwork and storyline. The story mode is fairly easy to beat, and the Void mode, which is available after you beat the story mode, is definitely harder than story mode."
76561197993493467,Not Recommended,252670,22667802,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Mung,"Someone kidnapped the voice of movie trailers, sedated them, and made them talk through the whole thing with meaningless drivel that causes more nihilism than it resolves.While it is a pretty game, the mechanics are not compelling and new dangers are introduced as 'you died due to a lack of knowledge' instead of being properly introduced. That could just be the slow pacing of the narration.Short, pretty, empty game... So I guess it fulfilled itself."
76561197985267228,Recommended,252670,11074232,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ScaryDoor,"I'll be honest: after finishing Nihilumbra, I quite disliked it.  It tries to establish a mood with a constant narration, in the style of Bastion.  But the writing is mediocre and the voice acting is boring, so the entire thing comes off as trite and cliche.I was just about to uninstall the game and never think about it again, when I decided on a whim to quickly try out 'Void Mode'.  Void Mode, unlocked once you complete the main game, is a new game + of sorts.  You start over with all powers unlocked, and are tasked with going through the game again.  However, things are much harder.  There are entirely new setpieces, enemies, and mechanics that really force you to think about things.  All voice acting and story elements are removed.  Void Mode is when the game really comes into itself as a puzzle platformer, and I found completing it genuinely satisfying and enjoyable.I'm recommending the game for Void Mode alone.  If you're looking for a good puzzle platformer, rush through the main game and enjoy Void Mode.  If you're looking for a story-driven experience, I suggest you give this one a miss."
,Recommended,252670,29698985,Posted: 4 February,all,theWocky,"I dusted this game off recently and decided to check it out. Still very good, relaxing puzzle fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peomzRmHWDg"
,Recommended,252670,20986378,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Desenhista q clica Farmskins.com,"When I was a young boy,My father took me into the city,To see a marching band,He said, ""Son, when you grow up,Would you be the savior of the broken,The beaten and the damned,""He said, ""Will you defeat them,Your demons and all the non-believers,The plans that they have made,Because one day, I'll leave you,A phantom to lead you in the summer,To join the Black Parade,""When I was a young boy,My father took me into the city,To see a marching band,He said, Son, when you grow up,Would you be the savior of the broken,The beaten and the damned,Sometimes I get the feeling,She's watching over me,And other times I feel like I should go,When through it all, the rise and fall,The bodies in the streets,And when you're gone we want you all to know,We'll carry on, we'll carry on,And though you're dead and gone, believe me,Your memory will carry on, we'll carry on,And in my heart, I can't contain it,The anthem won't explain it,A world that sends you reeling,From decimated dreams,Your misery and hate will kill us all,So paint it black and take it back,Let's shout out loud and clear,Defiant to the end we hear the call,To carry on, we'll carry on,And though you're dead and gone, believe me,Your memory will carry on, we'll carry on,And though you're broken and defeated,Your weary widow marches,On and on we carry through the fears,Disappointed faces of your peers,Take a look at me,'Cause I could not care at all,Do or die, you'll never make me,Because the world will never take my heart,Though you try, you'll never break me,We want it all, we wanna play this part,Won't explain or say I'm sorry,I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scar,Give a cheer for all the broken,Listen here, because it's who we are,I'm just a man, I'm not a hero,Just a boy who wants to sing his song,Just a man, I'm not a hero,I don't care,We'll carry on, we'll carry on,And though you're dead and gone, believe me,Your memory will carry on, you'll carry on,And though you're broken and defeated,Your weary widow marches on,Do or die, you'll never make me,Because the world will never take my heart,Though you try, you'll never break me,We want it all, we wanna play this part,(We'll carry on)Do or die, you'll never make me,Because the world will never take my heart,Though you try, you'll never break me,We want it all, we wanna play this part,(We'll carry on)"
,Recommended,252670,17548188,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,SilverWanderer,It's a prefect game until the Void Levels.
76561197970508849,Recommended,252670,9814045,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,pi_man314,fun times
,Recommended,252670,17701516,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,❤Lexi❤ #TF2SP,"I for one LOVE the creepy, dark style of this game! The gameplay and controls are actually very fun and easy to master. A great game for simple and hardcore gamers alike! My only complaint is that the characters movement can be abit ""floaty"". I rate it 8.5/10 all together"
76561198111654939,Not Recommended,252670,29454080,Posted: 23 January,all,ospond,"Dissapointingly easy. The mechanics could make for great puzzles, but an hour into the game the game is still giving mehintsas to where to color the ground with my mouse, when the solution was already straightforward. There is no intellectual challenge whatsoever :(""Void mode"", which I have read is actually challenging, is not available until you play 3 hours of the main game -- or, as it has been accurately described, ""agoo goo goo ga"" mode.The narrative is OK, although the voice often sounds more bored than anything, and the writing walks you through many things too explicitly. The only real pros of the game are the graphics and atmosphere."
,Recommended,252670,9587054,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ellneko,"This really isn't very good. Pretentious, tell-don't-show."
,Recommended,252670,9647373,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"This is one of those games that can easily be contender for ""Games as a art form"" as it has a beautiful story-telling narritive. It reminds me of Limbo with the hinted oblivion, but also of Bastion with the Narrator speaking to you and explaining what's going on and even taking philosophical discussions into it.i'd highly recommend this game ot any fan of puzzle games as the interesting way the game is played makes it unique with the colours doing different things and able to place them on different parts of the area, making you deadly, but also making some of the challenges difficult, but the checkpoint system is quite forgiving so I can't see anyone getting frustraited with it anytime soon."
,Recommended,252670,14458885,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Stonium,"This is seriously creepy. No, not this game. But the fact that Beautifun snuck into my house with some kind of brain scanner and, after completely profiling the entirity of my memories and thoughts, decided to make a game specifically for me. Ok, maybe I am being a bit narcissistic and it wasn't made specifcally for me, but I feel like it was because Iloved every moment(and every pixel of every moment) of it.Everything from the beautiful aesthetic (including the enemies) to the wonderous narrative, to the challenging, yet managable platforming. Though solving puzzles with the colors (metaphor through mechanics) is the best part. Honestly I couldn't even imagine a game of this scope being any more enjoyable to me than this. While you might not enjoy it quite as much as I did you will certainly like it a lot if you like 2d puzzle/platformer games."
,Recommended,252670,14425863,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ruins,this game is awful die
,Recommended,252670,23407409,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GeckerMedic,The music.
,Recommended,252670,25117820,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,InfestedBlaze,Fantastic. I loved this game! It was a fun and interesting platformer. My only problem with it was how slow it was to change between elements/colours. I would highly reccomend this game for the story alone.
76561198035316918,Recommended,252670,25506591,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,gameids,Simply great
76561198262396432,Recommended,252670,25542638,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,hae42,"Get this game!!! At the beginning, the narrator is kind of mean, but it gets deep at some points. Th end is beautiful, I'm completing Void mode now!"
76561198022711313,Recommended,252670,9691328,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,aironneil,"Should probably caution on the fact that:1) the game is very short (I beat it in 2 hours, this is without the challenge modes though).2) the game is very easy (minus the challenge modes).Now with those out of the way, let me say that Nihilumbra could be a hidden gem. It's just as good as some of the other indie greats like FEZ, Braid, or even Super Meat Boy (except, again, this game is way easier than those). The game makes use an intresting macanic where you paint surfaces with different colors that all have different effects - somewhat reminds me of Portal. If you want a game with logic puzzle like Portal (minus the humor though because this game gets somewhat depressing) and are okay with a short length like Portal then this game is for you.Although I say the game is easy, the Challenge mode after beating the game really is hard, but I still feel like the game is only giving me the difficultys of ""Press A to win"" Easy, and ""Start the game to die"" Hard."
76561198013609933,Recommended,252670,34274362,Posted: 16 August,all,dampf4lauser,"+1, I'm at a loss of words.VERY Good!"
76561198011178686,Not Recommended,252670,19543594,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Delacroix,The bad kind of pretentious.
76561198315626015,Recommended,252670,34996079,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Short puzzle game, cute story, not very fun. Watch a walkthrough."
,Recommended,252670,28726519,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spookz,"Love this game. I actually first played it on my iphone for free I think, but when I saw that it was on steam on PC one day, I was like omg.This game is amazing and deserves much more players and attention. It's beautiful, fun, touching, etc. And I connect to it, I feel alone and like a void myself.My main username online is litterly ""BitterVoid"".And the artwork is so good, I collect backgrounds for my PC. It's on slideshow and changes every 5 minutes. I have so many backgrounds and I love it, so when I went into the art gallery in this game, I used some of the beautiful artwork for backgrounds.Also I wanted to support this game, having already played it on ios. But it was much better on pc also. Don't regret buying. Don't regret supporting.even with the few visa card money I have from christmas"
76561198029634129,Not Recommended,252670,15905169,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Iserp,"I cannot recommend this game. It tries hard to be one of these nice indie gems, however, it does not succeed. My main grip is that it is not challenging AT ALL. The game treats you as if you were 3 years old. Not only that, but the story is bland: it starts from a nice concept, but it is very superficial and does not interact with the gameplay. Cute graphics, though."
,Not Recommended,252670,13731298,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,FlappyMcBitey,"It's a puzzle platformer, but neither the puzzles nor platforming provide any interest or challenge in the first part of the game. In the second part (""void mode""), suddenly the game is heavily die and retry. All in all, a good concept that doesn't come together well."
76561198137792031,Not Recommended,252670,18196269,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,LeakyLycanthrope,"Neat concept, and great art style, but the puzzles were too simplistic. There just wasn't enough to keep me interested."
76561198268302320,Not Recommended,252670,21323532,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sleepyreaper,"I love the art and concept but the camera work and collision bugs are the reason I can't recommend this game, especially combined with the fact dying has the narrator repeating the same line with every death."
,Recommended,252670,29212931,Posted: 12 January,all,Shadow,good game
76561198105724087,Recommended,252670,23947747,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,narwhal397_,great game i rate 8/8
,Recommended,252670,24064723,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,elyazzi,"Really, really beautiful.Just buy it and thank me later."
,Recommended,252670,9337190,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Beatnik-Filmstar,"Great little indie platform puzzle game.  Only takes a couple hours to go through the original story mode, and that's fine by me.  Great narration, nice graphics, and a pretty decent soundtrack.  After the relatively easy story mode comes the bang your head against the wall challenge levels if you're into hating life.  I only finished the first couple before I decided to call it a day."
,Recommended,252670,30230284,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
76561198010282032,Recommended,252670,13751096,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nekura,"Awesome game. For $2, it's COMPLETELY worth the investment. Dark atmosphere, combine color abilities to escape areas, and the story is pretty engaging.Would recommend. I started before I had to be somewhere and I blinked and realized I'd been playing for over an hour. I thought it had been like maybe 20 minutes! Definitely absorbing once you get started!"
,Not Recommended,252670,10507442,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"Nihilumbra has you control a being who is questioning it's existence, in a sprawling, puzzle-filled world.Unfortunately, I could not connect with this game.The game has merits: the puzzles all work, there's no bugs (at least none that I encountered) and everything works as it should. The puzzles aren't challenging, but they are what they are, a little lite puzzle adventure.Now, on to the reasons I wouldn't recommend the game. I could not get over the narrator. I'm sorry, maybe it was just me, but it bothered me so much. The line delivery wasn't great and the tone and tambre of the voice seemed purely to rely on being deep and kind-of sounding like a movie-trailer guy to bring any depth to the words spoken. For me, it really irked me.Then, the story. I didn't like it. It was confusing, a little pretencious, and a little forced. The game felt as though the creator had came up with the idea for the puzzles and bent a story around it to package it.Maybe you'll enjoy it, have a look over the trailer and see what you think, but for me, I sadly did not.Nilesy"
76561198049308061,Not Recommended,252670,16375946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Miss Rageboomer,"You are a (not) evil blob thing born of the void, and decide (I think) you want to live and blossom into a healthy, young and bright upstanding adult.StoryI'll be frank, the story is really bare bones and overly convoluted and just outright idiotic in it's narrative.  You'll be hearing some guy almost talk to himself and keep switching his opinions of what YOU should be feeling about the situation instead of coming to that conclusion yourself and is incredibly contradictory about 90% of the situation.  He also loves stating the obvious, assuming you have the intelligence of single celled organisms.GraphicsProbably the only decent aspect of the game.  The sprites have a decent amount of variation, but the environments and overall aesthetic feels like some old mobile phone game to be perfectly honest.  As there's only 4 zones (5 if you include the unlockable Void zone) the variation in art and enemy type is extremely limited.GameplaySo as you progress, you'll acquire different colors which adds a few abilities to your arsenal (such as blue being the ""ice"" color, increasing speed and having enemies slip over themselves).  Unfortunately the puzzles themselves are either extremely straight forward, requiring little to no thinking, or so stupidly broken that you end up dying due to bad enemy placement and level design before figuring out how to avoid the scenerio (and even then it still is a bit RNG if you end up falling on an enemy off screen).  Even the narrator will neglect to tell you of a new enemy until AFTER straight up dying to it, and then restate the obvious of what you figured out after passing it, like the game assumed you somehow cheated to get past or something.  Supposedly after beating the storyline, you unlock Void Mode which is supposedly harder, but after getting a taste of the base game's puzzle and level design I can tell you with 100% certainty you will just end up dying 50 times before memorizing a pattern and avoiding it.  That isn't skill or a measure of difficulty folks.ControlsThe controls are honestly either okay or genuinely confusing.  You can use WASD or the arrow keys to move while your mouse is your paint brush of sorts, which seems logical.  Even using the scroll button to cycle through your colors seems okay.  Then you want to get to your color remover, and for whatever reason the game won't let you scroll to it, you need to click the icon on the top right bit of your screen which whips out a large tree branch with all the colors on it, then click the one you want.  Why they only did it for that is beyond me.  Also there is no controller support.SoundThe music is actually pretty good, IF I COULD HEAR IT OVER THIS IDIOT NARRATOR.  Sure I could turn the voice volume down to 0, but I shouldn't have to do that over something that is supposed to be relatively important since every once in a blue moon he will give out a helpful tip.  So I'm stuck with him and his irritating self patronizing voice.Final VerdictHow did this get so many positive reviews?  Seriously?  If this game was 3.99 or something I could maybe justify it as an experience, but I got this baby on sale for 1.99 and actually canceled my refund ticket solely because of the fact that I needed to write a review of reason and maybe spare someone from paying the full price, or even buying this at all.  This is a decent phone app game, nothing more (and with no more then 3-4 hours total playtime WITH Voidmode unlocked it is not worth the mileage either)."
76561197995105255,Not Recommended,252670,9278206,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Quaznar,"There are two games in here. One of them is a fairly easy and short puzzle game, with some tacky/artsy story. The second is punishing platformer, sometimes with time pressure, combined with what might otherwise be a reasonable/interesting puzzle game. The ""sweet spot"" for difficulty lies in the exlcuded middle of these two games.I should probably give the second more of a chance, but honestly, I can't care enough to load this back up. Oh, and you can't play the second until you've unlocked it, by beating the first (~2 hours)."
76561198065309868,Not Recommended,252670,29725282,Posted: 5 February,all,Alexx,"Someone said it best: ""It feels like a 3 hour tutorial."" It seems to be targeted at casual iphone players, so I would not recommend this game to puzzle fans like myself. Get Braid, The Swapper or Fez instead. The game is boring and the narrator annoys me. Meh..."
,Recommended,252670,32685398,Posted: 23 June,all,Raphaël,Good gq;e but lqck q zqy to rebind keys . not everyone uses qn azerty keyborqd
76561198045208825,Not Recommended,252670,13195602,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Shatiz,"Summary: A good looking side-scrolling platform puzzler which offers little challenge and presents its story in a very overbearing fashion. Severe pacing problems left me bored and unwilling to complete it.First impression: I won’t say review, because I will not be finishing the game. I made it to the third area (Ash desert) and it still feels like I’m in the tutorial. The game holds your hand despite not offering anything resembling a challenge. I assume that it becomes more interesting later in the game when you have more abilities that can interact. Moreover, I do not question the benefits of letting the player get used to the basics first and gradually increase the difficulty, but why let the game go on so long before doing so? While many games are able to present interesting challenges with a single mechanic, this one had not presented anything interesting even by my third ability.The game looks good and the narrator is competent. Unfortunately the narration, which otherwise would be the game’s strong point, feels like it is trying to force me to feel something rather than letting me feel it. Rather than explaining what Born is feeling or thinking, it is saying that I am Born and “You are sad, you feel guilty, you will not escape.” In contrast to, for example, Thomas Was Alone, I felt completely disconnected to the story.The combination of severe pacing problems and an overbearing narration makes me not recommend Nihilumbra. Sure, it is a cheap game and it looks good, but it is also boring."
76561198141818174,Not Recommended,252670,11428354,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Comatoast,"A fantastic looking puzzle game that heavily suffers from overnarration.  Most of the puzzles in the game are linear requiring little to no thought to advance, only gaining complexity at the very end.  This is not helped by the frequent deaths caused by trail and error aspects in with foreknowlege of the puzzle itself is the only possible way to advance.  For those looking for a deep and satisfying puzzle game this is not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,252670,13774852,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Shattered Hero,"This is nothing really redeeming about this game.The game play is mediocre but is sadly the best part of the game. You get 5 colors that change the environment but you rarely need to use more then 1 at a time. And there is nothing about the colors really inventive, it is just there.The graphics are just lazy. The main character has some nice animations, but everything else is just the bare minimum to get the point across. The all scary void is just a flat image that lights certain parts in a sequence, reminding me of a Christmas tree.The voice actor is bad. Just reminds me of free flash game voice actors. He also reads the wrong word in the game ending making the sentence make no sense. To make that mistake worse, the intend sentence is written on the background, just so you know he screwed up.The worst part of the game is the script. It is really bad. It is like the some accidentally grabbed the first draft instead of the final one and no one noticed.And these are all thoughts I had while playing the game, but I decide to finish to see if it would redeem itself. The ending was the worst part of it.Final verdict: Do not play it even if they are giving it away for free."
,Not Recommended,252670,13819626,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JiNg,"Well... There is one big question: For who is this game?When I first started it, my first opinion was ""oh okay not kids"" but further I developed and listening to more to narrator I wasn't sure anymore about this... and well thats really the thing I don't like about this game...It did not satisfy me...The game control is in my opinion not very well thought out... and well if you played the first part of the game there is no need for this, true! But come on... in the second part of the game it gets so much harder... it could be made better...Also I think the hitradio is sometimes redicules...The graphics and the narrator  are very well! But somehow nothing new and so spectacular that made the game ""ok""...I really credit the gamedevelopers for making it! But it bothers me for who... a child who should learn perspectif about life? (well not with this strong words and complex gameplay...) a teenager? (well yeah could be! but I don't think they will be interessted for long...) an adult? (listening yes! but the gameplay makes it very fast boring...)Please remember, this is only my opinion. And so the question of the day if I would recommend Nihilumbra is therefore: No.There are many absolut free games or maybe cheaper on the market that have done these kind of games better..."
76561198045512454,Not Recommended,252670,13308451,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Inappropriate dancing,"This is rather boring gameJust a little piece of interesting mechanics, but without a slight challenge. Fail in storyteling, music, and atmosphere.All the way Narator tries to♥♥♥♥♥♥your ears with lame drama, or may be some of the authers emotional problems, and that leaves a taste of disappointmentThis game is a failure. I wish I could get back my money"
76561198149881474,Not Recommended,252670,15625344,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,trentvh,"I really wanted to recommend this game; it has so much going for it, but in the end, I was just angry at it.It's absolutely beautiful. It's almost worth buying just for that. The story is fun, the mechanics are great and very novel. During the first part when you're collecting the colors (game mechanics), the game is super fun, even though it's kinda easy.However, in ""Void mode,"" (which is the real game, honestly), the puzzles are just stupidly hard. And I don't mean they're difficult to figure out (that's the fun part of any puzzle game, right?). What I mean is once you do figure out what to do (and that part is challenging and fun because they don't let you take the obvious route), it's almost impossible to time correctly. The game stops being about figuring out puzzles and starts being about minuscule timing tasks, i.e., try to make an enemy chase you off a ledge and have it step on a button while you rush through the opened area.I'm sorry Nihilumbra. I wanted to like you so much more than I did.tl;dr: Beautiful, fun story, stupidly hard timing/jumping tasks."
76561198218185749,Not Recommended,252670,24243438,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,oledirtybastid,"i have only played this game for a few minutes, and i like everything i see and would love to keep playing it. except for one thing-The way that the screen jumpshifts when you come to the end of a screen into another is SO DISTRACTING AND ANNOYING THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF ME! why cant you make this a smooth shift? holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is bugging me out and taking me out of the game EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. it happens. which is like EVERY 5 SECONDS...maybe ill come back to this in a little bit but right now its just hard to even look at for too long."
,Not Recommended,252670,14755806,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,kziel1,interesting concept but there are some annoying collision bugs
,Not Recommended,252670,15262739,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Fibericon,"I wanted to like this game, but there's just too much wrong with it.Pros:- Cool concept- Interesting graphicsCons:- Really short- Terrible camera- Lots of cheap deaths (mostly because of the terrible camera)- Switching powers is clunky (thus causing more cheap deaths)- Puzzles are way too easy.- The narrator is one of the worst I've ever heard.If you really must get this game, wait until it's on sale. And do yourself a favor: mute the narrator."
,Not Recommended,252670,16887840,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BorkBork™,"Nihilumbra is a pretty game devoid of any actual substance, which is quite ironic when you think about the message this game is trying to convey. If you're looking for a deeply meaningful and complex puzzle game, look elsewhere. The puzzles in the main game are mindless and unfulfilling, barely branching out from their basic mechanics. In ""void"" mode (Nihil's version of New Game +), the difficulty of the puzzles aren't scaled; the game simply becomes a platformer-hybrid contingent on split-second timing and quick reflexes. Even with the challenges this mode presents, completing stages offer no satisfaction aside from what little can be had with the absence of the narrator.What's left after the gameplay has been stripped away is a watered-down philosophy 101 lesson told by some guy who sounds like he hates his life. The writing is awful; throughout the game, the narrator beats you over the head with how your poor little guy is feeling (spoilers: not good), but instead of creating an emotional rapport with the character, it's just meaningless drivel.Tl;dr: pretty graphics alone don't make a game, and the sophmoric narrator ruins the game."
76561198169184689,Not Recommended,252670,17113747,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,chirila.s.alexandru,Boring and simple. The voice that keeps talking and holds your hand is also annoying. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,252670,17079273,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Theon,A cheap and dull game
76561198012931704,Not Recommended,252670,13385978,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wolvenfire86,"It's average....very, very average.The narrator often tells you what emotions the game wants you to feel WITHOUT making you feel any emotion. Saying ""FEAR"" doesn't make me afraid of anything, nor does saying ""SORROW"" make me feel sad.There are 2 types of puzzles in this game. Easy and ""Jesus, wtf, did they seriously put that in this game?!"" and that second category will show up randomly with no warning. But some puzzles are still good.The Void chases you at a snail’s pace, getting rid of any tension or excitement.After a while I played just to finish the game and the ending was incredibly dumb. Unless, of course, you’re a deep brooding teenager who “gets it”. And maybe if I was younger and less experienced in story telling and games, I would have liked it too. But frankly every single thing in this game has been done many times before and many times better.If you want to play a game that talks about darkness, the heart, and meaning in meaningless less, play Kingdom Hearts. Not this schlock.I legitimately regret buying this game."
,Not Recommended,252670,13739517,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,青峰,what does the writer imply in this game ?
,Not Recommended,252670,13856625,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,EraOfMercy,"The Voidis undoubtedly better. Unfortunately Nihilumbra is just a bad copy of amazing game, down to details and world logic, but terribly clean, simple and castrating. Can be used like The Void for the poor and sick."
,Not Recommended,252670,35257198,Posted: 28 September,all,AMB 10,Nihilumbra is the video game equivalent of driving your nagging grandmother to the supermarket.
76561198030786592,Not Recommended,252670,8865424,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Andrew Ryan,"Simply put, I really did not like this game. Many of my complaints are mirrored by other reviewers. The narrator's voice is not very well acted, very repetitious, very trite, and just...constant. He shows up with zingers about finding your heart, how anger is dangerous, how it's important to feel sadness, and at times I found myself blinking in disbelief that the lines made it through to the final draft.The gameplay is mediocre. It isn't outright bad, but it's just not very fun. You spend most of your time trying out different powers, which will give you the ability to: slide yourself and objects over ground, toast things (including you if you're not careful) with raging fires, make the ground 'bouncy' so everything springs off of it, create electricity to turn on circuits (and thus make puzzles 'run' their active elements), and a few others I'm probably forgetting. That's the thing - the abilities are really just forgettable. Platforming staples like 'bouncy bouncy' need a little twist to make them interesting. Otherwise you are just back to Mario and spring-boards again.Personally, I found the story tedious and unoriginal. You play as a sliver of the void, inexplicably cast onto the earth, and running from the 'void' - an understandably featureless foe who chases you across the map on occasion, and summons minions to try and slay you in a few different ways. The rule in this game is Insta-Death, which would be fun and exciting if the monsters were not so often acting in entirely novel ways, reacting unpredictably to tiny mistakes on your behalf (e.g. missing a small spot on the floor with the 'paint-on' effects), or just being RIGHT THERE as you enter a new frame. They also tend to have (IMO) awkward hit-boxes, such that you think you are okay springing over them, only to mysteriously die when you get too close.I finished the main game in a little over two hours. It's a decently priced game, and I don't have much to complain about here. There is a 'void' mode unlocked after beating the main game, but I found the game suddenly veered from stupidly easy, to stupidly hard when I reached this mode - I never found the game reached that 'sweet spot' for me, between the two poles. I found myself, ridiculously, stuck on the very first 'room' of Void mode, perfectly able to solve the 'puzzle' (jumping over a charging enemy by building a little altitude), and occasionally succeeding (only to die on the next room) but almost entirely unable to execute it.Trading Cards are a nice perk, and I sold them for an effective $1 reduction in price.Achievements are what you would expect. About half are for clearing levels and winning the game, or objectives you can't avoid completing. The other are fairly obscure, and I believe there is a handful of hidden ones. Nothing too staggering here, but par for the course.Overall, I disliked this game, and would probably rate it something like 4/10. It wasn't pull-out-your-hair bad, but on reflection, I think it was not worth the money. A couple hours wasted, no harm done, but nothing I can give a 'thumb up' to with a good conscience."
,Not Recommended,252670,25731947,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Implojin,"This game is a pitifully easy platformer that might have been tolerable without its voiceover narration.Show, don't tell!0/10, would not purchase again."
76561198041774909,Not Recommended,252670,8495815,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Neko,"Doesn't make the mark. The puzzles are not interesting. The theme and message is too brazenly narrated. The narration itself is of poor quality, and the message itself is delivered to you in the form of preaching as opposed to letting the story tell itself. People have drawn comparisons to Limbo on this one, but they're not even remotely the same level, and I hate Limbo as is."
,Not Recommended,252670,8850819,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,zoomies,"This game was just... uninteresting. The first few levels were pretty fun, getting used to the whole painting mechanic, but once I played with it for a while it got really boring. I tried hard to like this game, but the more I played, the more I didn't even want to finish it.The story is cliche to say the least, and the narration absolutely ruined it (yes, I know you can turn it off, and I did). Instead of giving you bits and pieces for you to interpret, it shoves it down your throat. In fact, this game barely even has a story. It's kind of like they wanted to make a platformer that incorporated the whole painting technique and THEN they just kind of came up with some boring storyline just so you would feel like you had a reason to run through these levels.The platforming is mediocre to say the least. The screen transitions in this game will absolutely mess you up. In a game where you need to know exactly what is around the corner to prevent your death, you don't get any warnings at all. Most of my deaths in this game were not due to the puzzles being challenging, but due to me not being able to see what I was walking into. You'll just be walking along, get to the end of the screen, the screen will transition and all of a sudden HOLY MOTHER OF GOD AN ENEM- dead.I also found that sometimes I would breeze past a puzzle using a certain method, but if I tried to do that exact same thing in another spot, it wouldn't work.Like the one part where you needed to sneak past one of those flower monsters using the brown colour. Okay, worked fine. Then on the next level I try it again but NO, it didn't work, I had to use green to jump over it or something. I can't really remember, oh well.When it comes to aesthetics the game is.. alright. There are some really nice looking parts in the game but I found that a lot of the background and level design just looked very dull. I think there was only one point in the game where I was walking through the forestacross the fallen tree near the waterfallsthat I actually said ""Wow, this is nice looking and unique and my eyes like it!"" other than that the environments were forgettable.The gameplay gets VERY repetitive. You find a flower. You get a new colour that has a different power. You learn how to use the power. You go through the level using the power in very self-explanitory ways. Run from the void. Repeat. The game really just tells you what to do half of the time, the other half is you sitting there saying ""what the hell, this should clearly work but it doesn't for some unknown reason"".Overall I think I got about 2 hours out of this game, and I was definitely taking my time. I thought maybe I was missing something the whole time, but it was really just that shallow. I'll admit I haven't tried this void mode things yet, but I doubt I will since the main story bored me so much. This game is not worth $10. I repeat, DO NOT WASTE $10 ON THIS. If you're even thinking about buying it, look for a half off coupon or something. Oh jeeze, the more I type about this the more and more I come to dislike it."
,Recommended,252670,23640097,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bagged Dog Shit,"fine indie game for a starter youtuber, only im not one"
76561197972374543,Not Recommended,252670,8967354,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,limarius,"maybe this was a decent concept at some point during development. but the developer opted for pretentious indie game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rather than a fun game. for any owners imagine the game without the text and voice-over. more time spent on puzzles and world-building. no breathy actor reading ""meaningful"" crap written by someone who has never seen a style guide.for any non-owners, don't buy this. supporting the developer means nothing, or less than that. less than the four or five seconds of your life dedicated to purchasing the game and realising it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ok."
,Not Recommended,252670,8922189,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,T I T A N,Very imature game; not what I expected.  This game was made for a younger audience.  That's all.
,Not Recommended,252670,9071188,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,stickfight2,"This is a good game. I've thought about this for a while and decided to still not recommend the game. It's good, but not amazing. The art is excellent, the story is decent, the gameplay is reasonable, the animation ok. There's nothing overly wrong with the game, but I didn't feel overly compelled to continue when playing through it. It wasn't quite challenging enough for me (not necessarily a problem), but perhaps it was a bit too slow for its difficulty. This wasn't a game that I was sad when I completed it since I couldn't play it any more. I was content at the end, but that's about it. Note that I did not play new game+ since I personally had enough. Maybe I would have liked it more if it started with hard mode as an option, but that still might not be enough to merit a recommendation from me."
76561198152727086,Not Recommended,252670,17038144,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,moonstne,"It's a soft no, but a no nonetheless. They attempt to have a story and to say something ""profound"" but you realise that nothing was really said. The puzzles were lackluster and lacked a challenge. Everything about this game is an almost good, but not good enough. I'd avoid it for something better."
76561198116697980,Not Recommended,252670,13854620,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ddd,"I mean, It is not horrible... The controls feel right. And the use of ""elements/color"" in puzzles is kinda fun.But the narrative and the ""story"" is... I dunno, maybe if you mix acid, weed and booze with a touch of teenage stoopid, maybe then it is great. Liek reelly gr8 and♥♥♥♥♥♥ But how would you play the game then?"
,Not Recommended,252670,14916302,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Daisuki Dakara,"The voice wont shut up and the mechanics are simple enough you only need half the written text to even play. I get it I can make stuff move faster with blue, I get it boxes can also bounce on the green stuff I did it while you were explaining that, no♥♥♥♥♥♥those purple things are my enemies, no I don't care what made up name you gave them and stop putting them right at the start of the next screen. It's definatly trying to tell a story and have a puzzle game like Limbo but Limbo didn't spell out everything and then read it out loud. This game fails by being indie but having too many ""Yeah I get it"" moments."
76561197996600320,Not Recommended,252670,22382661,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fallbranch,"this is like a free thing you'd play on newgrounds, it does nothing interesting and it's ugly to boot"
,Not Recommended,252670,8689703,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Prosthetic_Mind,"This game is boring, painfully easy, and any positive aspect of the atmosphere is ruined by the voice constantly talking at you and saying the most painfully obvious things. Some of the art is kind of pretty, but the game constantly droning on and on about how you feel and trying to make it as though there is some kind of attachment that isn't there is just irritating.Don't buy this game, unless you want to feel like the most boring schizophrenic for the couple hours it lasts."
,Not Recommended,252670,8516719,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,koala fritz,"Sadly, much of the promised difficulty is redicolous frustration fuel since the controls are too horribly sloppy for some of the more delicate jump and run moments."
,Not Recommended,252670,8493204,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Suaimhneas,"If you can get this on sale it's worth trying out, the first part of the game is fun, if a little easy. I enjoyed it.It's the ""Void Mode"" that unlocks after the credits that's terrible, because of the poor puzzle design. It's just a mixture of trial and error traps where you have to know what to do beforehand to be able to do it quickly enough, and puzzles where you spend several minutes setting up the solution only to die during the execution of it because your timing was a half-second off, then the whole thing resets and you have to do it all again.From what little I experienced, it seems like Void Mode is the meat of the game, expected to take a lot longer than the first part. Which would be good, just a shame it isn't the good kind of difficult.Edit: I did enjoy how the programmers in the credits were listed starting from ""Programmer 0"" :v"
76561198013590278,Not Recommended,252670,8447957,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,LingLord,"Ugghh. I picked this up assume it was a attempt to dupilcate LIMBO and found i was both right and wrong. This game is aggressively depressing by means of constant reinforcment of the 'Just roll over and die you worthless failure.' but then at times it will say right after 'You deserve to live and be happy don't give up hooray for you <333"" before stomping on your dreams yet again with how worthless you are. It ropes you in with deceptively easy first playthough of punching you in the stomach which unlocks after specifically saying to you you're free and says ""HAH you're not free yet- go clean up all of the worlds that were destroyed on your journey- 'Mario Must DIe' style. This game has very little in the way of making you feel anything other than worthless. I guess that's why the root word of the name is Nihilism.I'm sure this game is a gem to some people but i am not one of them- i don't like when a game smacks me with it's c*** and tells me it's my fault."
76561198048339349,Not Recommended,252670,11714831,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ocean,"Beat it in two hours. Glad I did, too, because if I had to listen to that narrator for even five more minutes I may have lost my temper. His droning is unbearable! He uselessly spills out dull remarks in this highly contrived narrative. Which may be my biggest issue... the story is horrendous. Games that are simple and easy to complete like this one only ever leave an impression if the story is top notch.Think of Little Inferno...the gameplay is (while incredibly amusing) very simple. The story is what makes that game great!All in all, I finished Nihilumbra not because I was enjoying it, but because I was hoping it would do something to surprise me. And it did not."
76561198016874008,Not Recommended,252670,8793184,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,kippernicus,"Unique painting mechanic aside, Nihilumbra could not keep me engaged. The endless onslaught of overly cliche narration had me rolling my eyes and skipping dialouge from the very beginning. The poor placement of screen transitions led me to many frustrating deaths; an odd choice of level design, considering parts of the game rely on the player being able to paint on surfaces as they move through the world.Full disclosure: This review is based on the first hour or two of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,252670,8689559,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Wish,"This game is not good. The levels are extremely poorly designed; they are either incredibly easy or downright unfair (spikes under a leap of faith, for instance), but either way they are tedious. The ""story"" is pretentious and simple."
,Recommended,252670,31952442,Posted: 25 May,all,HonzaCeller,I love this game.
,Not Recommended,252670,33441425,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr Slippy,"IF you like annoying american voices following you around, this is for you. I found it infuriating."
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,252670,13608348,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ivan Moreira,"Its so short, its not worth its price.story mode is not tha bad, is actually a bit interesting, but lackluster.the second mode, void mode (actually just more stages), feels like an afterthought. as if it was never part of the game and the game creator just added some stages and went without money to pay the narrator and such.besides all that, the game is pretty easy. its ""puzzles"", while sometimes interesting, are not really puzzles. its just variations of the same ""puzzles"" you will get on the very first stage. ""push box, use color to avoid baddies, jump gaps"" and variations. and thats it. level design is really infantile.tl;dr: if its on 75% discount, its worth it. if not, stay away. theres a ton other games worth this price.edit. btw, you can finish the story mode in under 3 hours. I have 12 because I tend to leave a game running when I have to pause and go check other things."
76561198148465854,Not Recommended,252670,31955526,Posted: 25 May,all,hatul_adom,too simple. the graphics are annoying
,Not Recommended,252670,9837986,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"It looked interesting, but I was somewhat disappointed.Art is ok, not exactly fantastic but fitting enough, I've seen far worse. There were some alright relaxing music tunes.Level design didn't feel too great, not impressive or challenging (in story mode; you unlock another mode when finishing the game where you progress through whole new levels and which I played shortly; that mode is apparently harder, but I had no motivation to try that too much). Logic lacks a bit too. Why would you be in a forest and find mechanical devices to block or help you on your way? I didn't remember any explanation for that. I guess gameplay-wise there could have been ways for the developers to make things work the same just with different, more logical and ambiance-fitting objects.There is a constant neutral narration throughout the levels. The voice quickly became tedious to listen to, and I soon didn't care about what he was telling as it felt pretentious and repetitive. The game dearly tries to make you feel like you were on a meaningful journey of life and death, but it didn't strike me. There are some lines so dripping with a tryhard-meaningfulness that I couldn't resist to roll my eyes a bit. Or maybe I'm just hardboiled? I don't know.Regarding the gameplay: You find flowers resembling colors. These colors give you certain powers to draw on surfaces. One color makes you move faster when walking the ground it's on, another makes you (or enemies slower), another makes you jump higher and so on. It's moderately interesting, but not fleshed out too much in the story mode, which is why someone has to get through that first to see the other, already-mentioned second mode in which he can use all these colors to a bigger extend.I didn't exactly like the progression of the game: There are clear lines between the levels and settings. I think it was first an icy area, then a moderate forest, a hot desert, after that some volcano area and one more special place. In each you find one flower/color. I prefer a less narrowly drawn progression in games, as this is a very ""classic"" or predictable/""boring"" scheme (pick your side) to make someone advance through."
,Not Recommended,252670,10933449,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,soupault,for truly depressed people.nice gameplay tho.BUT!game is too fkn short - can be completed within 3 hours. easiest puzzles ever. and game doesnt give me steam achivements. WTF is this? 8 buck for that buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ take it back
,Not Recommended,252670,10456595,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ATohkanai,"This game looked enticing at first glance, however its not as enjoyable as first concieved. Liking puzzle platformers, I thought this might've been an interesting variant, but due to its simple level design and mechanics, I don't really recommend it. I've only played just past the area where you gain the ability to bounce with green, but I have no real desire to continue even after spending $4.99 on it. I honestly wouldn't recommend this game to anyone above the age of 8. The narrative to me is quite bothersome because of how persistent it is trying to slam some story onto this basic platformer as well as giving some hints as how to solve incredibly simple platforming puzzles.However, this would be a good game for much younger audiences. I don't entirely have the right to say this game is bad considering I haven't finished it, but judging on the first hour or so of gameplay, this game is much better suited for a younger audience."
,Not Recommended,252670,8441092,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,nightshroud,Simplistic. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,252670,11369157,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,{PP} DragonGrundle,"Generic flash platformer. Nothing special. Might have played it for some sort of story like Limbo but instead all you get is ""YOU ARE DARK NO ONE WANTS YOU ANGST ANGST ANGST."" Rogue Legacy was better."
,Recommended,252670,8450524,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pango,"Beautiful, arty, well-animated, cartoon-like game. There are many quirky, arty platformers out there and most leave me cold but this one seems different. Really nice."
76561198092664364,Not Recommended,252670,30142505,Posted: 24 February,all,Snap.Claymore!,Disappointed. Too easy. No real puzzles.The the background colors are dull and depressing.Boring story.
,Not Recommended,252670,8498095,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Riot,How-to-spell-pretentious.com
76561198074469097,Not Recommended,252670,29808899,Posted: 9 February,all,fizztljoe,"dafuq is dis game...and who the hell is this speaker. annoying as ****and yes, i am mad cuz i'm too dumb for void mode."
76561198049453948,Not Recommended,252670,8472023,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,elliot2560,"This game is waaaaay too depressing. I understand that the captions and narrations are trying to teach you the controls and create an atmosphere at the same time, but I really can't appreciate its aggressive way of telling you ""you are nothing"" ""you don't fit into this world"" all the time. The idea is nice, but very, very poorly delivered."
,Not Recommended,252670,8534712,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bettik,Go replay Braid instead. This is not the indie puzzler platformer you're looking for.
,Not Recommended,252670,30510235,Posted: 14 March,all,Saiichi Hashimoto,"When exactly is this supposed to get difficult? I've received two ""colors"" and I haven't encountered a single challenge yet. The narrator is nice but the plot, level design, and difficultly leave a lot to be desired."
76561198105256736,Not Recommended,252670,13375617,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Daily Baily,the character is black and is being called nothing this is extremely rascist4/10
,Not Recommended,252670,7970297,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,spiff,"Pros: I liked the first part of the game (story mode), the puzzles varied from easy to doable for someone with not much experience in platform games. Music and atmosphere were great.Cons:- Once more developpers force their stupid auto save system upon me, don't they get it, I WANT TO SAVE AND LOAD whenever I damn well please.- The second part of the game (void mode) is very challenging, it's like playing your FPS on easy baby mode and then on insane hardcode mode. And when you get stuck on some stupid looking puzzle then it's game over. No getting by. No cheating, no wayaround.I would advise not to buy it unless you are a hardcore platformer with enough patience."
,Recommended,252670,19155004,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,astaiannymph,"With a very unique set of skills to master in gameplay, an adorable protagonist, and an amazing story, what more could you want? When a game tells a story that brings you on an emotional journey, it can feel stilted, but Nihilumbra makes it feel natural."
,Recommended,252670,19119217,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,V3nDeT ™,Nice Game
,Recommended,252670,10584062,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DreadRaptor,"A rather fun short game. Platforming, puzzles, chase scenes, etc. It's fun for what it is."
,Recommended,252670,10617005,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cowfoot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNV9CnvkU9sBeautiful visuals, fantastic narration and overall fun gameplay."
,Recommended,252670,9664360,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Skeletor's Cousin,It a fun pussle game and it had a good story.
,Recommended,252670,9076620,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Akomoro,"A lovely puzzle game, but does tend to get a bit repetitive from time to time but none the less work every penny"
,Recommended,252670,9089243,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,the boy king,"A wonderful game, with an awesome background."
,Recommended,252670,9092723,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PatchKin,Really fun game with clever little colour puzzles. ALSO BORN IS JUST THE CUTEST LITTLE DUDE AND I LOVE HIM SO MUCH I MIGHT CRY. ;O;
76561198080003187,Recommended,252670,10001714,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Dannyboy,"Liked the artwork and the concept of freedom, but didn't like how short the story was.7.5/10"
,Recommended,252670,10825485,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JustAltF4,Beautifully made.  It's simplicity is what makes it a great game.  I love the surreal feeling of this game.  Reminds me of A Walk in the Dark.  Creative and original.
,Recommended,252670,11315331,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,jasiek.barca,"A very pleasant game, worth your attention if you're into riddles and actual thinking :)"
,Recommended,252670,10582884,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,The game feels like a better version of Limbo. Timing can be critical but I've been more patient with this 'trial and error' king of game. The story and music are pretty cool. Void Mode is unlocked by beating the main game. Void Mode is very hard.
76561198080482559,Recommended,252670,12037762,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,NRieh,"PROS:- nice art & style- good music- good storytellingCONS:- it's a platfromer-puzzle with plenty of 'one-shots'. One wrong move or key and you're back to your check-point. Some find that frustrating. Like I do.- no controller support. Really?.. I'm not a hardcore gamepad fan (more like the opposite) but it should be played with a pad, not with a restyled touchscreen  K+M UI.Do I recommend it? Yes, especially if it's on good sale (-75%\-80%).  If you don't have any issues with plenty of timed 'one-shot' elements and you're into nicely drawn casual platformer-puzzles - you're going to like it."
76561198087092490,Recommended,252670,11937929,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,BitterzSnow,"This game is absolutely beautiful! I thought it was a nice looking game even in shop but that did not prepare me for the beauty of this game. From gorgeous backgrounds, stunning music and unique game play, it is just an overall wonderful game. I especially love the increasing dificulties of the puzzles as you continue on your journey through the wonderful game that is Nihilumbra!"
,Recommended,252670,10082624,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sammaster (Linux),"Great narrative, handmade graphics, simple puzzle/platform mechanics, Linux support, low price. Must buy!EDIT: Once you finish the game, VOID mode is unlocked and it is very, very difficult. You have all your powers from the begining but many enemies and traps that make it extra difficult. You will die many times in each levels, guarranteed."
,Recommended,252670,21492405,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,thinknervous,"Gameplay-wise, this game is a fairly mediocre puzzle-platformer, but it has absolutely beautiful art and a fun little nihilistic storyline. It's short (except for the very difficult Void Mode, which I gave up on very quickly), cheap, and worth playing through."
,Recommended,252670,17051481,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Duke of York,A fun and challenging puzzle game. A good buy for those nights were you just want to play solo on something more relaxing.
,Recommended,252670,17053613,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,jasmineajasminium,"This game is just absolutely amazing,  From the design to the gameplay and storyline it is just a very well put together game. A little heavy on the existensionalism."
,Recommended,252670,17068200,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,"koi ""hentai"" rakarii","I think this is great game, a must have if you're a fan of games like Tulpa and Limbo. One of my favorite, and one of the most unique games I've gotten to play."
76561198018759539,Recommended,252670,17076899,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TheAbominableDan,"A really fun short platformer. The controls are a little unwieldy, but fun puzzles and a fantastic art style make up for it. Also has an extra hard second story after you finish it. But I'm not good enough at games to beat that part."
76561198190710563,Recommended,252670,17079846,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Bluelime,It is a good game to play when you don't have internet.
76561198177669518,Recommended,252670,17106007,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,李当心,当我通关一周目的时候 我觉得这游戏好简单   玩虚无模式的时候 难度上升了好几档次 但虚无模式没有旁白 赶脚没之前好玩了·
,Recommended,252670,8541368,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SwegMastr,dis gam haz tunz of sweg 10/10
76561198045125973,Recommended,252670,8544502,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BOB LOBLAW,"""Beautifun Games"" is right.  This is a true hidden gem of a platformer/puzzler with it's unique art-style, nice/soothing soundtrack, and challenging puzzles.  Watching the trailer should be enough reason to want to purchase this game.  Some reviewers have given this game some flack for it's dark tones/negative narrator.  It is deeper than what is being said by the narrator though.  After the main story there is a ""Void mode"" which is MUCH more challenging than the first playthrough.  You are sure to enjoy this game if you enjoyed LIMBO, Trine, Braid, The Swapper, etc.  Looking forward to see what Beutifun Games comes out with next."
,Recommended,252670,8546155,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,iris of ether,"I liked the story, but MAN does the after-game Void mode get hard...."
,Recommended,252670,8524959,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Antedeguemon,^^
,Recommended,252670,8526203,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bonkleton,"Some games are just fun, some tell a good story, and others can only be called works of art. Nihilumbra manages to be all three at once. The gameplay is satisfying as it blends tricky yet manageable platforming with puzzles involving physics-altering pigments. The story is charming at first, since you can not help but cheer for the little blob of life who has just been Born of nothingness, then slowly becomes more tragic as he is forced to bring death into the world around him simply by the act of surviving. Nihilumbra is also a beatiful artistic piece, sporting deep, ponderous themes and striking visuals both in the background and in the foreground. All these factors grip you and hold you so that you do not want to stop playing until it's done. I can't say for sure whether this game changed me as a person, but it certainly made a powerful impression on me. This is a wholehearted recommendation from one very impressed player."
,Recommended,252670,8681260,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"A somber puzzle platformer with an adorable protagonist that's heavy on the existentialism. The painting mechanic is a neat gimmick and overall, it's pretty well done much to my surprise.I highly recommend muting the narration, though; it's a total mood killer."
,Recommended,252670,8686698,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,xNyxPrincess,"loved every second of this indie game! void mode is killer but it is very fun and challenging, quick on your toes great game 10/10 in my book, hopefully they make more games like this! :)"
,Recommended,252670,8635608,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Aragar Varnus,"Now if you like 2D games like Oddworld Abe's Exoddus or Oddysey this is a nostalgic and thrilling game worthy of your time!Now go adventurer, buy it and have fun!!!"
76561198080872353,Recommended,252670,8614072,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wooshie,This game is really cool and..... yeah that's it lol that's my review XD
76561198063424458,Recommended,252670,8614242,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,silo159,"Nihilumbra was a good game i have just recently finished it up and i had to say it was a fun game. it is a quick game, pretty easy puzzle type game and kept me busy for a few hours.  i would rate this at least a 8/10."
76561198120991815,Recommended,252670,8615733,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,XxCourtneyRosexX,"If you like more relaxed or strategic games, this is one for you! The game takes place in the void and many parts of the earth. A small black blob of ""nothingness"" escapes The Void and is trying to find out who he is, what he is, and where he belongs while the void is trying to capture him and bring him back. He doesnt understand the world but as the game progresses he begins to learn. The narrations are cool and in my perspective the narrator is like ""life"", always trying to bring him down and make him feel like he isnt good enough but he always proves the narrator wrong. Its fairly easy, except for a few parts that seem to have no soloution but once you figure it out its fine. There are parts closer to the end of each ""world"" which are more fast paced and challenging but if you have a friend with you so you can share the controls and do two things at once, it may be beneficial for you when passing the ends of each level. You should definitly download this game if it sounds like something your interested in, but hurry...The Void is Coming for you. :)"
,Recommended,252670,8655659,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Depressed Silver Night,This game is beyond the Midst of bueaty and adventure. It is one of the best types of games Ive played yet giving it a 5 out of 5 stars.
,Recommended,252670,8657197,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Loaky,"Beautiful, existential side-scroller."
,Recommended,252670,8644788,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,"Imagine Bastion with just one voice over but not as boring, with a decent story and  throw in platformer elements in an unique way.  I thought this game was pretty good.  The story is simple and its a fun casual ""escape"" game.  I liked it.  Worth $5 at the very least."
76561198059933077,Recommended,252670,9494695,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,pinegator,I did not expect this to be such a fun game.  I love everything about this game from the melancholy narration to the simplicity of the gameplay.  While the gameplay may be simple the variety and difficulty of the levels leaves nothing to be desired.
76561198067370964,Recommended,252670,9503731,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,magnus,Epic game!!!
76561198068072482,Recommended,252670,13296600,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,I just like to watch you guys,"This is a wonderful game with neat and fitting visuals, simple, yet wonderful story with a message. Not your ordinary game, and if you enjoy casual platformers with atmosphere, then I recommend you try this game out"
,Recommended,252670,13438982,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,HelterSkelter937,Nice Game very cute worth playing
76561198154605312,Recommended,252670,16461641,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,"this game is simple, yet beautiful. i love the hand drawn world. just not a fan of keyboard controls. whatever though, theyre simple for what they are."
,Recommended,252670,17937895,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,McDonners,I really adored this game.
,Recommended,252670,17495105,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Frostilyte,"Nihilumbra is an interesting puzzle game that is short and relatively simple. It tells a story through narration, which I quite enjoyed. I found it made the journey more meaningful as it wasn't just about solving the current puzzle I was on, it was about surviving and learning. It's something I'd recommend picking up if you want a light-hearted narrative and relatively simple puzzle game.Now, for those of you who want more challenging puzzles or really don't like yourself...There is a hard mode. The hard mode isn't designed in a way that will feel unfair because it is. You will die many times to off screen enemies and obstacles you had no way of knowing about until you died to them. That aside, there are some fairly interesting puzzles to work through and it gave my brain something to gnaw on for a while. If this sounds like your thing then Nihilumbra might be for you."
,Recommended,252670,17195111,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Aisling,"This game might not be for everyone, but it is a personal favorite for me! I find it to be absolutely beautiful! It's an amazing puzzle platformer, it has a nice story, and the music is phenomenal! The story is so amazing! It's a journey of self-discovery! I don't know if it was intended to have a message behind it or not, but to me, the game is a representation of battling depression and a feeling of worthlessness. I related to it so much because I have struggled with clinical depression for a majority of my life. I find this game outstanding! It's so simple, yet so beautiful! The story, narration, puzzles, the art style, and everything else is amazing! I especially love the music! I adore this game and I definitely recommend it! Not only is it fun, it speaks to you on an emotional level! ^u^"
76561198237468008,Recommended,252670,17154175,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,GeT_RiGhT -A- EIZO,This game is amazing telling the amazing story of your character finding out who he is and what he is doing there.I Definetaly Reccomend this game as it is very interesting and a good game to play when bored/chilling.
76561198099048918,Recommended,252670,17155514,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,necroidus,"This is a beautiful game with a stirring atmosphere and mood. A puzzle-platformer at it's core, it is immersive enough to make you forget that you're solving puzzles or dodging strange other-wordly creatures but feels more like a story that you're enjoying and experiencing.I don't play many puzzle games and I still loved it so don't overlook this game because of the puzzle factor! I found the puzzles to be just right - they were sufficiently rewarding and never too frustrating to solve. The platforming is pretty straight forward and enhanced by some of the unique abilities the protagonist acquires (eg: being able to shoot a sticky-mud thing onto walls to cling onto or shooting bouncy grass or ice to reach sections otherwise inaccessible. There's some nice creativity at the core of this game.Once you complete the main story (arguably not quite a 'story' in the traditional sense but still immensely enjoyable...) you unlock a harder version of the game - same areas with more complex puzzles. These, I safely avoided due to my aforetold indifference to hardcore puzzle games but that does add good replay value and may strike a chord with the puzzler in you.In all - this is an excellent Indie title. You can even try the demo from the developer's website I believe if you're on the fence.PS: IIRC I spent more than the 3.5 hours reported by Steam on this game (probably spent offline) but in any case this is a short game without any doubt, so bear that in mind."
,Recommended,252670,17134253,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Frost,This is a very interesting game. I love the art style and the story so far. It's a great game with challenging puzzles. 9.5/10
76561197985143805,Recommended,252670,17133248,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,NiDoXiD,"Very nice game, escpecially for fans of 2D games with awesome atmosphere/music/graphics. The game has very unique graphics and feeling:)But i wouldn't have paid the standard price, around 2€ is fine."
,Recommended,252670,17144723,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Danny Fenton,"Really cute, really unique.  A bit short, and ""Void mode"" just kinda seems like someone threw it together so that you'd put more hours into the game since it's pretty tough.You really route for your little Voidling guy."
,Recommended,252670,17117574,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The King in Yellow,The gameplay is fun and the art style is beautiful. Really great game overall.
76561198174331735,Recommended,252670,16851527,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Beanoot,"One of my favourite platformer games! It plays well, has a decent story, and is quite thought provoking. Overall I think that, even if you aren't into platformers you should try it out, you might be surprised :)"
,Recommended,252670,17182809,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dark souls 2 is the BEST,pretty good over all but fps drops every onc eand a while
76561198205004097,Recommended,252670,17184303,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,nothin9personal,"This game is very beautiful, slightly funny and extremely sad. It doesn't have any great philosophical revelations, but it does create an incredible atmosphere with it's story, visual style and great music. It's so heartwarming."
,Recommended,252670,18023076,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Squid918,"Hard, but fun."
76561198045080783,Recommended,252670,18143817,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,L0stLP,"Platformer with fully voiced naration.The game is about a creature from the Void, that is curious and wants to find out more about the world,The Void will attempt to hinder this curiosity.It is a mostly standard platformer with the extra mechanic where you can ""paint"" the level to create the needed surfaces in order to progress. During the campain you are joined by a narator that makes the game a true jem. However after you beat the game there is another campain, with the same levels, but much harder and with no naration, that are not so enjoyable."
76561198020957166,Recommended,252670,18145359,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,clever frog,"It starts out with a little too much aid in completing the puzzles for my taste, but the atmosphere is super-excellent, the story is emotionally relatable, and the mechanics are a lot of fun.  Folk who enjoyed Braid or Black Hole will likely enjoy this as well."
76561198087402848,Recommended,252670,18158705,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,BreäD,"A really nice game! I really reccomend it, don't even think about buying it! Just do it!Overall, Nice story, gameplay, artwork and idea aswell."
76561198048488846,Recommended,252670,13613239,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,comokiller,This game may have only just bought it but its worth it i could not put it down great game recomend to anyone that liked portal i can't say anything bad about this game its nice makes you think about life and your whole reason for living and the artwork amazing even if this was a big budget game the artwork would still look amazing so give it a try :)
,Recommended,252670,13338526,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Kazinoki,"Really interesting. Art style and casual puzzle game that was very cute. 8/10, wish the creepy voice monologue was more original."
76561198085290934,Recommended,252670,13320722,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Space Sloth,"This game is fantastic. The narration creates an incredible atmosphere and the cartoon graphics are very appealing. The use of colours in the gameplay is very creative and such a fun way to navigate the world. Couldn't recommend this game enough, and for the £1 I brought it for, you cannot go wrong with this game"
,Recommended,252670,13352506,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,My Coffee Warned Me About It,"Through enjoyable puzzles, ""Nihilumbra"" tells a story about discovering who you are and the meaning of life - quite profound themes. The music, story and gameplay are worth it, and once you beat the game, even more challenges await."
,Recommended,252670,13360277,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Denocan,Great game.
,Recommended,252670,13369368,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,-Kasper,I love it :) its a great game
76561198032303480,Recommended,252670,13370862,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tachroma,"Surprisingly immersive puzzle game with interesting elemental based powers that open up new options for traversing the ever changing landscape. Constant narrative in the background switches between uplifting, depressing, and oddly philosophical.. Pretty solid gameplay.. Got for $1.99, easily worth it."
,Recommended,252670,13373911,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sharktopus_Rex,"This is an all-around great game. It's relatively short - which is a good thing since I couldn't stop playing. The gameplay itself is fun and easy to manuever, the art and music are fantastic (I'm a sucker for colorful games) and the story itself is interesting. The concept was well-executed. I'd recommend."
,Recommended,252670,13937246,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,McFrugal,"A solid puzzle game.  The main playthrough is a bit easy, but NG+ has some challenge to it.Good music, good art, a slightly corny but quite satisfying plotline."
76561198048666037,Recommended,252670,13568663,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CruelDrFrankenstein,Pros:+ Innovative ideas for a platformer+ cool story+ nice graphics and level design+ good voice acting+ void mode for challenge+ price worthyCons:- story mode too easy- void mode has no learning curve and goes straight into hardcore
,Recommended,252670,13517109,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ThravRande,"A beautifully made side scrolling puzzle game with a very intriguing story to it. While the game itself is not that long, it does have a fair amount of replayability as well as a sort of Hard Mode to challenge yourself further.Definitely a one of a kind game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,252670,13859574,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,D-Bag Johnson,"Nihilumbra is a 2D platformer with an extremely compelling art style and story.Story: Without spoiling too much in Nihilumbra you play as Born a being from the void and you set out to find your purpose while the void tries to stop you. In short this game has a great story and I encourage that you see for yourself.Gameplay: Nihilumbra is a 2D platformer were you must use colors to your advantage. Each color has a unique property that you can use to your advantage whether it's going through terrain, avoiding enemies or solving puzzles. In this game there is no way to kill enemies yourself until later in the game you also need to use your enviroment to help you. Using colors in my opinion was a great way to expand the depth in the gameplay and make it much less simple but not too complicated.Presentation: The art style of this game is beautiful. It really shows difference between the different levels you advance through and uses a wide range of colors. Not to mention that in this version there is now an art gallery where you can look at concept art, sketchs and level designs.Is it Good? There is one complaint I have about this game and thats how short it is if you play it fast it could be less then 3 hours of gameplay (not including Void mode). But besides that this hidden gem of an indie game is worth buying."
76561198006606710,Recommended,252670,13963286,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Squichibo,So short but so beautiful.
76561198087207696,Recommended,252670,13971438,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ThEnergY,Good game
76561198028746080,Recommended,252670,14230701,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Torchbearer,"This game man, this game is one of the best I ever played. The arts, the musics, the colors, everything is so amazing.I cant tell how much this game made me think about my real life too, many lessons.The puzzles at the main story are kinda easy, but void mode makes you use your head, and fast.I cant forget the music when you are running from the Void. That music is so good, it gives you a certain emotion to continue playing.Totally worth buyingPS: Sorry my english >.<"
,Recommended,252670,14230828,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,gromenawer,Funny little game. Right now is in the Humble Bundle for a week. Go get you fool! For that price is totally worth it.
76561198058784477,Recommended,252670,14185212,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Satan,"This game is incredible, immersive story telling experience and fun. The original quest is rather short but well worth it. It is better if you have a touch pad/drawing pad, but lack of one will only get in the way in one specific point (not enough to ruin the game)"
76561198018409348,Recommended,252670,15500980,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Smeghead,A well-crafted and artistically beautiful puzzle-platformer well worth the low price.
76561198137621689,Recommended,252670,15607437,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Spirit Knight Nikolark III,"One of the best Indie games I`ve played. This kind of game mechanic is unique and fun to play. The artstyle is fantastic, and fits perfect in this game. The music is beatiful. I`m happy i could buy this Indie treasure on sale, even if i also would buy it for the normal price, or even more!"
,Recommended,252670,15773585,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,adeilt,"I really liked Nihilumbra.  The story, though short, was interesting.  The gameplay was fun.  I was up for hours after my bedtime beating it in one go."
76561198055397602,Recommended,252670,15654000,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Levix,"I was playing in the Nihilumbra slowly to enjoy the world where at the beginning everything is unknown for us and that's why it's interesting. Of course great soundtrack, graphic design and the voice of the narrator are an important part of the game without which it woudn't be already good. I recommend this game to anyone who wants to play something with unique idea."
76561197977176286,Recommended,252670,7578757,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,The Desman,Nice moody game that you can play through during an evening instead of watching a movie.
,Recommended,252670,14455156,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Galaxy Eyes,"Nihilumbra is beautiful and creative, with a wonderful story and intuitive gameplay. This game is tons of fun to play and the difficulty curve is well-balanced, and the Void Mode at the end of the story mode provides a challenging experience for more advanced players. The graphics are gorgeous and the tone is perfect throughout. However, I do recommend playing the game with the narrator's voice turned off though; other reviewers have said that his voice becomes annoying after a while, and I think the game is more contemplative when the words on screen aren't spoken out loud. Nevertheless, this game is really great overall. I loved playing this game on the iPad, and it's great to see that it's been remastered and released on steam.Seriously, the narrator's voice is just a nitpick; there really isn't anything substantially negative to say about this game. I'm not even a fan of puzzle or platformer games, and I loved Nihilumbra. I recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,252670,14448124,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zeb,"this is one of the best games ive played in a long time, after 2hours of easy'ish gameplay. you slowly grow a conection with your character. make sure you stay for after the credits. Void mode makes dark souls look easy.Edit: not a fair comparison and i wasnt trying to compare the two games. Nihilumbra is a Puzzle game, dark souls is an action game."
,Recommended,252670,14644566,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CurlyRedKaty,I love that this game teaches you as you go and the difficulty level is gradual.
,Recommended,252670,14484337,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MulletDonkey,Simple mechanics make for challenging puzzles with more than one solution. Delightful character design and atmospheric music. The main story line won't take you all that long to complete but oh boy will void mode keep you coming back!Definite recommendation.
76561198144963950,Recommended,252670,14492925,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Freckles,Recommended ...
,Recommended,252670,14610721,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BiN_StiN,Amazing
76561198046204282,Recommended,252670,14664125,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kokosmjølkekua,A very fun and awesome game! :)
76561198084920937,Recommended,252670,14676293,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,greenlungs [NL],"i was very skeptical about this game..but then i red all the good comments and tought..i will give it a try..so once i got started i could'nt resist and stop playing,,i was lliteral hooked..its an very simple game but the atmosphere and surroundings aka inviroment is soooo relaxing and calming that it will keep u on playing, and that VOICE in the game gosh,,again so relaxing, its like if u are in an deep sleep or dream..so this game is approved and i will surely recommend this game to ANY gameplayer out there, i must say about the price of 7 euro's, is a tickle too much..if i must be honest, its more an 5 euro or less game, but... i know when u buy this game at full or discount price, u will love this game and REALY wanna see the end !!"
,Recommended,252670,14569874,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,wuss,"An amazing game! Great story, and fairly difficult after you beat the story."
76561198071849758,Recommended,252670,14749957,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mid-Sized Sedan,"I absolutely loved this game. Short, but very powerful. Somehow, this game held a lot of meaning with me. I highly suggest that you play Nihilumbra."
,Recommended,252670,16030091,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sir Shark,"I really enjoyed this game. It isn't a challenging game, but the beautiful visual design and soundtrack make it an amazing piece of art."
76561198044334429,Recommended,252670,16047422,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,aquamantor,"Get it if it's on sale.Overall, not bad. But it seems like the creators saw these beautiful, story-rich art games catching on and wanted to make one so. very. desperately. The only thing the over-prevalent story can claim as its own is a narrator that won't shut up, telling you what you should feel on just about every screen, ultimately resulting in you feeling nothing. It doesn't help that the writing is poorly translated, and that the lone voice actor dutifully reads through typos as if they make as much sense to him as anything else in the script. (Honestly, given the fact that the guy had to say things like: ""Red possesses the power of fire"" that seems likely.) Someone missed the memo that games like this should omit text and voice acting entirely, unless it's borderline poetry.Now that that's out of the way, other artistic elements flourish. Honestly, I bought the game because of how gorgeous the screenshots looked, and it didn't disappoint visually all the way through. The animation, in particular, is extremely detailed, and it seems like every time you watch your character move, you see something you didn't notice before. All the backgrounds are equally pretty. The orchestral soundtrack is utterly fantastic, and the most surprising thing about the game (yes, it has an orchestral soundtrack). I just wish the developer had had the wisdom to let these elements speak for themselves.I know I'm mentioning the gameplay last, but personally, while it may have been easy, I thought the powers were a lot of fun to play with, and the mechanics for how they worked together were pretty well thought out. I haven't started Void mode yet, but I've heard it's when the game actually gets difficult, and that the 3 hour campaign is really just an extended tutorial. Honestly, I think it's a good format for a game with memorable mechanics, and this one has them. I'd love to see the game take advantage of the green and brown powers to make some insane platforming sequences. We'll have to see whether I'm disappointed or not later on."
76561197978036015,Recommended,252670,15885842,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,gijones10,"Not a bad little game.  The puzzles aren't overly hard. I was able to complete the game in 2-3 hours and I only got stuck a handful of times - usually because I was trying to solve a problem in the hardest way possible.  By contrast the Void mode, which unlocks when the game is completed is ridiculously hard. I gave up on it after spending 20-30 minutes (and many, many deaths) trying to get past the second screen.The music is well suited and definitely helps to instill a sense of urgency during the 'chase' phases.  As many have mentioned, the narration is probably unnecessary, or at least, over used.In summary the game is well worth a look, especially if on sale.  It won't challenge you, at least not the first time through, but is still fun if you're looking for a short distraction to occupy yourself."
,Recommended,252670,15978292,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lucifargundam,great story!!
76561198169500349,Recommended,252670,15864690,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,counte1203,"Void mode nearly ruins the game for me, but its still a fun experience. Just pretend Void mode doesn't exist. You can also turn off the narrator voice over, since I've heard that bothers some people."
,Recommended,252670,15905556,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,!secret,Nihilumbra is 2D Platformer with good story and very beautyful art.I bought it on sale for just about ~1$ and i definitly can say that it's really worth it.
76561198091569355,Recommended,252670,16024447,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Gevogelte,"Very fun little platformer. The mechanics are decently easy to pick up but it still remains quite the challenge, which is a good thing. Amazing music and artwork as well. Absolutely worth the little bit of money that it costs."
76561198102761464,Recommended,252670,15641197,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,JediKnightSky,"I havent played it for some time, and wanted to dwell on my thoughts of it before writing this. Because this game isnt just some quick play through in a few hours thoughtless run right platformer. I mean you do run endlessly right, and you do jump alot, but its so much more. It takes the legacy built upon for virtually the entire life of action sprite based side scrollers and takes it to something eye catchingly lovely while making you summon up the hand eye twitch skills that for many of us older gamers will take us back to the 80s and even before compared to many modern games that seem to cater to our ever aging and more casual needs.This game has story, that is a pleasure to hear the narration of as you flee from the very stuff you are born of. You now seek to LIVE fully and embrace the world in all its colors. You must keep one step ahead of that which you now must avoid at all cost, and gird yourself in the energies of life to move ever more effectively and even defeat those things which dare to bar your path. But in the end this is not a story of bringing meaningless death to masses of foes, no this is a game about bringing back life to a world that nearly dies for the price of your experiencing it."
,Recommended,252670,15641520,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,phsteve,"The artwork for this game is absolutely beautiful. It's worth the money just to experience each chapter and the scenery it offers. The game itself runs kind of short, and is extremely easy, but you can't help but feel some obligation to help the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ explore his new found world and being.Buy this game and support beautifun so we have more games from them in the future."
76561198248014770,Recommended,252670,18168484,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Red_Lenses,"I haven't yet played Void Mode, but after completing the main story here are my impressions. The levels are short but sweet with frequent checkpoints - even if you have trouble adjusting to the controls you never get sent back too far. The music is wonderful and does an excellent job at setting the mood of each area. Although I've never been a fan of auto-scrolling, especially while being chased by an invincible hazard, I found myself looking forward to the void segments the most. They're easy enough that I didn't find them frustrating at all.One problem I had is that at times I found myself overthinking the puzzles and making them harder for myself than they really are. The solutions are always fairly simple, and the frequent checkpoints mean that even if you have trouble and die several times you're able to try again almost immediately. That being said, this game is suitable for any skill level and isn't hard to learn to play. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,252670,15687397,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,pimp daddy finn,"What a brilliantly well done game! Everything about it was magnificent. However, after about 5 minutes the narrator got a bit annoying...The story is about this cute little character named Born (omg so freaking cuuute :3). You have to escape the Void as it tries to reclaim you. In the end, it's all good.There are some moments where the narrator guy is all like depressing and sometimes very very happy. However, it's certainly a good game. The music was really good in both production and recording, the art in the game was outstanding, and overall just a really good game.Now to get past the Void mode..."
76561198189317115,Recommended,252670,15777439,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Eisenalex,"Fun and shortwhile little game.Although the platforming elements are nothing to write home about, it's evident that trying to find the right colour(s) to solve a problem is the game's selling point, not the pure platforming. And that's alright in my book, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a purer kind of platforming action.I enjoyed, how the use of colours with different properties made it possible to solve a couple of the puzzles in different and creative ways, altough I would've liked if the devs had explored that aspect of a more open way of puzzle solving a little moreArtwork and music are great, too."
,Recommended,252670,16746085,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AlphaPrism,Better than I expected..
76561198076428596,Recommended,252670,16747087,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Werezerg,"Best 2D platformer puzzle game i played!!!This game is really amazing. You have different colours which all have effects on the landscape, like sliding on ice, or getting glued on a brown surface etc. At first you might think that the puzzles should be pretty straightforward everytime the same in such a system, but the puzzles are very well designed and original.The first playthrough is very easy and introduces in the workings of each colour while providing some story. The second playthrough will bring the real puzzles, which are quite hard sometimes.Pros:Great graphic and musicVery good puzzlesnice story and atmosphereOverall (10/10), best platformer puzzle game i played yet."
,Recommended,252670,16683303,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sarada,"This was a beautiful game. The main game was really easy, so it's good for beginners like me (I suck at this kind of games...).The story, however, is either a hit or miss, depending on who plays it. I found it interesting and anyone with depression or other mental disorder should at least try it - I didn't know I needed to hear what Nihilumbra had to say before my friend recommended it to me, and I'm happy I played it."
76561198134678166,Recommended,252670,16375014,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lokethecheetah,"I enjoy playing this game. It's calming and beautiful, despite the depressing, existential jabs from the narrator."
,Recommended,252670,16375793,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fishboneface,"This game is beautiful and chilling, and very enjoyable to play. Plus the little guy is adorable."
,Recommended,252670,16404330,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PretentiousHobo,Desperately try to avoid being destroyed by a black void of nothingness while a soothing voice in your head calls you worthless and questions your existence. 10/10 would get bummed out again
,Recommended,252670,16294407,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,thisisvelvet,This game is a calming and full of great puzzles! I really adored the music and storyline.
76561198033488550,Recommended,252670,13661420,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hekfhull,"Beautiful puzzle platformer game.You can buy this game if you like Braid, Limbo, Closer etc."
76561197974819631,Recommended,252670,8449790,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BBQ_Tactic,"Just when you think you beat the game, it is only the beginning, the Void mode is really something."
,Recommended,252670,15675199,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cyric,This is the best puzzle platformer I have ever played since Lucidity from Lucasarts. Amazing game. 11 out of 10. Really!Buy withtout any hesitation. Game simply is beautiful and fun.
,Recommended,252670,15694654,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kotyata,"This game was amazing, the story was beautiful and got me really emersed. The game play was unique and really interesting and I found myself longing for the next ""color"". I was sad when I finished, but then there is the void mode which is really cool! I love it :D"
,Recommended,252670,13511038,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mike,"This will be one of the games I bore people about. One I will recommend to everyone.A spectacularly atmospheric puzzler with gallons of charm, even with the occasionally macabre dialogue. Takes the best bits of Limbo and NightSky and a little bit of Braid and works wonders with them.A new favourite!==============Edit (a month later): This game is twice as big as I thought it was - playing it back through on ""void"" mode is even more difficult. So, even more recommended. :)"
76561198034889051,Recommended,252670,14122634,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,phillipk11,Good game.
,Recommended,252670,14391108,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Keizgon,"This is the first good puzzle platformer I played to try and engage you to use the mouse like a paintbrush. As someone who enjoys digital drawing and painting, I definitely found enjoyment in it. Underappreciated and creative indie game.Personally, the only thing I did not like was the voice acting. After I turned it off, it felt much more effective as a story."
76561198210764008,Recommended,252670,14509329,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,froesenat,"One of the best Indie games I've ever played, the art was amazing, the game play was entertaining. And although simple the story line was heavy in symbolism which really spoke to me... but void mode is evil..."
76561197974499341,Recommended,252670,14514074,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Lua JAMIE VARDYS HAVING A PARTY,quality game so good! it gives you insite to life!
,Recommended,252670,14399862,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Scampi,"Good game, would recommend!"
,Recommended,252670,8569817,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TikiTDO,"The game is a platformer with some clever mechanics, divided into two modes. The initial story mode is effectively an extended tutorial with little actual challenge. New mechanics are introduced very slowly, while the plot presented at this point is about what you'd expect from a casual indie game; very forgettable and completely predictable. The atmosphere is pretty nice though, and the voice is pleasant to listen to.Once you finish the story you get access to the extended challenge mode; think Super Meat Boy dark world. The mechanics are much the same, but the game tries to add extra challenge by presenting a lot more complex scenarios. Unfortunately for the most part these extended challenges end up being nothing more than timing puzzles or trial and error memorization of where the enemies spawn.Get this full price if you really like precise timing puzzles. Wait for a sale if you like platformers and artsy games. Skip it if you're looking for deep or thought evoking challenges."
,Recommended,252670,8185998,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Juju&Manu,"Beautiful Game. It has a deep thought behind the story about life in general. I loved everything. The music, the design, the story."
76561198032645941,Recommended,252670,8555573,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Danimal,A soothing narrative and interesting game mechanics make up the bulk of the experience. It's an excellent game if you are looking for something relaxing to play.
76561198077519414,Recommended,252670,7984468,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Shield & Shield,"Cute little Indie puzzle game with some fantastic artwork.  Actual game itself is one big ""tutorial"", with the ""New Game+"" being the actual challenging puzzles.  Dialogue is generically deep and yet complex on some levels.  Overall fun game :)"
76561198049359799,Recommended,252670,8448593,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bogus Cheesecake,is good
,Recommended,252670,10215202,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,face lipstick ghoast,"I bought this game on sale and played through the normal mode game type, a far harder game type unlocked after finishing the normal mode. I lacked drive to continue as I felt an amount of closure in the game that someone who isn't a major fan of something can be satisfied with, considering the price, time invested and joy I experienced I would definately recommend this game.That all being said, if you have a limited amount of free time and a stockpile of unplayed games, there are better choices, choices that for the cost you pay, the time taken to complete and the entertainment they grant are better options than this game, unless you love the genre or some other thing about this game.Uhhhh something like                   >> 78 / 100 <<"
,Recommended,252670,10140839,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jerzukekka{/id/Jermurzu},"Great story, great atmosphere, great puzzles and still short enough to keep it interesting."
,Recommended,252670,10173341,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,The Godfather,"Very tasty game, well done :tup:"
,Recommended,252670,13247839,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ManStevens,Yahoo search engine with a cold out of a big bag of popcorn with artificial butter that was eaten before the movie even startedI kept playing to see what happens next. Thought provoking story with some times aggressive narration that would make you feel a little uncomfortable. Decent platforming mechanics with its own flares brought in to make some pretty fun puzzle that could be tackled in more than one way. I personally had an enjoyable experience with this game and I do recommend anyone who wants to play a decent platformer.
,Recommended,252670,13289033,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Thresh Sesh,It's one of those deep games. I dig.
,Recommended,252670,13291592,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HerrBucket,"This game has a compelling and interesting story.The puzzles require some patience and skill to solve but are still fair,and the games gimmick is integrated in the puzzles really well.Overall a great game. Would recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,252670,13129183,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Nemi,"Nice little game. The main story campaign paces itself well and helps you acquire the skills for the second mode. Believe me, you will need all the training you can get!I like the visuals, especially the cute little idle animations."
76561198083115621,Recommended,252670,13220790,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Bear,"a must have for any gamer, challanging and brain teasing best money you could spend but on sale of course!"
76561198110556531,Recommended,252670,8445535,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bambsy,"Only an hour or so into the game, but I really love the theme of the artwork. The story is simple enough, and as you go you gain more 'powers', or colors. So far from what I can tell, it was totally a score for when I bought it while on sale (2.99?). Definatly recomend.....EDIT:Still having fun, I have slowed down with my gameplay a LOT because I've lost a bit of my interest in the game. Stuck at a hard part, but still reccomend the game!"
76561198023712003,Recommended,252670,10560000,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Su Doku,Fun game with interesting gameplay and a good story but very very short
,Recommended,252670,9926494,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Llobster,"Nihilumbra has great art, a soothing soundtrack, wonderfully original puzzle mechanics, and a story that you want to see through to the end.  The different abilities are given to you gradually and appropriately ramp up the complexity of the puzzles at a good pace.  The game is split between two parts: The first time through and all of the the levels re-done as a bonus hard mode (called void mode) once you complete the game.  The first time through the puzzles aren't all that challenging but serve as warm up as you get used to all of the different puzzle mechanics.  The puzzles are never boring, but walk a fine line between being solvable fairly quickly but also satisfying to do so.  After you get to the end, the void mode opens up and really makes you think and be on your toes.  The puzzles are never frustrating but can be quite challenging.  The story is written such that the void mode makes sense narratively and motivates you to want to finish it to get the 2nd (final) ending.  The void mode levels aren't narrated as the main playthrough is which is a bummer, but just a minor complaint.  Very much worth the complete playthrough!"
76561198097958220,Recommended,252670,10596848,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kbrookshire321,"Basically the first time through is like the tutorial. Its relaxing fun and you learn all the awesome powers. The second time through was much harder, and will put your multitasking skills to the test. It is incredably fun and requires you to think outside the box. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,252670,10816540,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Stuntman Mike,Its quite short.Its quite simple.Its very profound.Its Very beautiful.If you view it as an experience rather than a game its more than worth the price of admission.This is the kind of game that made me think about life.
,Recommended,252670,13023599,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"A game of two halves, one reasonably easy and entertaining in its portentous but well-meant way (this is better than Depression Quest, for example), and the other... well, once you've finished the game, it unlocks Void Mode, which is a remix of the entire game, and I didn't get past the second screen, mostly because I thought, well, what's the point. So I recommend it (at a cheap price) for the first half, but you should expect it to glide by in a peaceful couple of hours and then become frustrating / the really hard game you actually want to play."
76561198046472958,Recommended,252670,25589271,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,annanonymous,"Absolutely love this game!It's pretty basic and doesn't stand out so much from all the other similar games, but the art is awesome, it get's slowly harder but never so hard that you get super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off (unlike some games!) so you don't lose patience. Shame it's not compadible with controllers cause it'd be better playing it that way. Can't wait for part 2! Would definitely reccomend it. :)Only thing I didnt like was the random narrators voice. Great game though, I couldn't put it down."
,Recommended,252670,25573345,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Rasputin,i loved the time i spent with it
,Recommended,252670,25703425,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,chromfidence,"I honestly wasn't expecting this game to be as addictive as it was. I thought it would be an easy time-waster, but it's actually challenging in it's own ways and the story plays out in a rather endearing way."
76561198093919303,Recommended,252670,25875524,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Master Cube,"This game is spectacular. Great puzzles (almost like a 2d version of aperture tag, imo), amazing art, good music.9/10, but only because some of the language was a bit wonky."
,Recommended,252670,11166749,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,[HT] LaggingBunny,"Very beatiful piece of art. The first time you go through it, it is mostly a story telling game, and i simply loved living this adventure. Very deep. Another good aspect is the fantasy it relases, you have to wisely use your ""colors"", which have different powers, to go through the game. In normal mode it isn't that difficult, but in ""void mode"", unlocked once finishing the game, heck, it becomes really difficult! The art works are fascinating and catching, the narrator voice is like your only fellow in your odissey, the music and the atmosphere are really involving and will make you want to get to the end of the game, the end of the story, the end of the suffering?!In conclusion, i'd reccomend this game to ones who like challenging puzzle games, or good story telling ones"
76561198046161212,Recommended,252670,27228782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azralan,"My first impression of the game was ""simple but beautiful"".The developing studio chose its name wisely. The game truly is beautiful. And it's not that short eiher.You basically follow the journey of a piece of the void escaping from the void's grasp. The game shows you the journey and its consequences.If you're interested in a beautiful yet challenging game with a slightly philosophical nature you should definitely give this one a try."
,Recommended,252670,26990387,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lux,"There are only two things that I feel that I need to say about this game:First, it's beautiful. The graphics might not appeal as a style to everyone, however it's still drawn in a breathtaking way.And second, the story is very strong and written well. The narator also does amazing job, which only adds to how awesome this game is.P.S.: And after you're done with the story, you have void mode to figure out, which is times more challenging than the story mode (which gets progressively hard towards the end)."
,Recommended,252670,26946093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cholma Cho,"A short game, that even though it only says 4 hours on record, have been played a lot more.Its hard to describe how i really feel about this game, as the mechanics are amazingly simple yet at the same time can become frustratingly hard (especially since I used to play this on a laptop with a mousepad.)For the price, I say it is worth the cost. Short, but amazing is the best way for me to describe it ."
76561198166039283,Recommended,252670,26510012,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,octoploid,"Nice strange little puzzle game, although it is a bit on the short side though (I got through the main part in 3 hours).  It's fun while it lasts though.  There's a much harder part after the main game though, if you really like it, but I found that to be much harder than enjoyable."
,Recommended,252670,26616368,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,aNt0n,Pro:-Simple and fun to play- Awesome artstyle- Amazing level design + construction- Void Mode is fun even after finishing games- Achievements are not to hard to get but you have to play it twice to gain all achievements.- Nice cutscenes during the gameplay- fascinating gameplay techniquesCon:-Story Mode could be longer.
76561198124209367,Recommended,252670,26683699,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Wrath,"First off, I cant say i have play all too much of Nihilumbra but i did however beat the main story on normal with a bit of hard mode. In the art department the game is defenatly somthing you wont see anywhere else (i personaly like it but wouldent say its the best i have seen) so if thats your sort of thing then it defenatly is not lacking. the gameplay is responsive and smooth, the elements take a while to unlock and getting them is a bit anoying at times but it isent detracting from the overall experence too much. the story is interesting and i realy like it, i will try to give a overall picture of the start of the story here. there is a void being that is having an exostential crisis of sorts that is getting chased down and has to escape its grasp. so yep thats my review kinda all over the place but it is what it is.over all its a fun little puzzel game that wont last too long if you dont go into hard mode and beyond but a good purchase at $8 none the less.6.5/10"
76561198200975998,Not Recommended,252670,26701707,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,cdh,"Voice narration seems like it had the potential to be a key element of what makes this game cool and to give it a unique, compelling aesthetic. But for my taste, anyway, they made a very bad choice of voice actor and speaking style. It really annoyed me quite a lot.Maybe I'll try playing without narration, but I'm not optimistic about that experience either. The game calls out for a narrator. Just not this one."
76561197966550939,Recommended,252670,25514466,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Iron,"The game has some bugs which are probably caused by my use of my ultra wide screen(21:9, 43:9). The resolution is supported, but in the void scenes you will immediately die when the games resumes after a death. Work around this by going to the game menu and then resume the game. The game is a quite easy puzzle game that sometimes requires fast reaction. After completing the game a new much more challenging mode is enabled. Suitable for casual games and children."
76561198044454113,Recommended,252670,7991017,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nickzilla,"If you enjoy a challenging platformer, this is the one for you. An interesting puzzle platformer, where you use colors with different effects to navigate through the world while running from the void. The main story is kind of short, but offers a challenge mode afterwards, which will force you to think fast with your colors. Slide around, stick to walls, bounce great heights, and burn your enemies with the colors you obtain on your quest to become something more than a creature from the void. The controls use the usual WASD, but also the mouse to use your colors around the terrain.8/10"
,Recommended,252670,7586975,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Miss Maximas,"Graphics are fun, it's very involving. I love it."
76561198129272970,Recommended,252670,13310886,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,wgros90,"Game will not launch since latest update. Fun game though, please fix!"
,Recommended,252670,14713438,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,一番キツネ,"fun, good story, but a lil bit short, 8/10"
76561198150274551,Recommended,252670,14771407,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,...and a voice was screaming...,"The story is a terrifying, dark, twisted, tragic and sad journey, but delivered in the most subtle and gentle tone imagineable. I suspect some sense of spirituality or religious material as some of the inspiration or perhaps the basis of some elements. Yet, I percieve this more as a metaphysical mirror of the nature of life, death and reality, presented in a way that wouldn't frighten children;  even if the subject matter is a little too deep for them. The somber soundtrack suits the mood of the story very well.I don't think this game misrepresented anything in the description, however, I was a little disappointed. I don't think it's a bad game at all, just not really for me. Also, really short and extremely concise in every aspect.I am recommending this review based on the fact that had I really looked at the game descriptions, I might not have gotten it, but there were really alot of positive reviews, probably by alot of people who like very casual games.When they say, ""casual,"" they really mean, ""casual."" This game really has little to no challenge at all. It has some very simple and very basic mechanics coupled with unusual and original devices, but that I find has been implemented to a very limited degree as far as challenge and stimulation are concerned. It's cute and fun in a way. I only mention that because I find this game to be perfect for any child that can handle simple game mechanics.I don't dislike this game, but it's really too moderate for me. I think the premise deserves a much darker tone, more intense atmosphere, and much more philosophical literature.I think if you like children's tales and really casual and simple games, then I do recommend it."
76561198038708543,Recommended,252670,14195553,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,mahlad29,"Good game, quick and to the point. Wish there was a little more, but not bad for 8$"
,Recommended,252670,14173483,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chicken$#it,Great music. Very pretty game.
76561198000447231,Recommended,252670,13681099,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,turnercm5,Beautiful game. Somehow melancholy yet ultimately optomistic.
,Recommended,252670,13346902,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Lizmo,"So excellent! Gorgeous artwork. Love the painterly backgrounds. I was a big fan of the narration, too. Story mode is not terribly difficult, but I think the goal was to provide a beautiful experience that's accessible to everyone rather than a super challenging platformer (you can look to Void Mode for that after completing the main story!). This feels like a real labor of love, which makes it a pleasure to play."
,Recommended,252670,13350898,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Lyres,+ Originality+ Game Mechanic and Gameplay+ Gentle learning curve in Story mode+ Voice acting+ Music+ Very atmospheric+ Moral lesson+ Void Mode for challenge-seekersbonus: + Secret Language- Story mode is too easy9.5/10
,Recommended,252670,13351871,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hawaii Cats,"This game is truly amazing , wonderful story , perfect gameplay and difficult. It's a gem , buy it while you can."
,Recommended,252670,13336045,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,FIying Duzzkoth,"This is a great game. It is a fun, creative game with puzzles that will make you thinking for solutions, and sometimes make you think outside of the box. The void mode is really difficult, giving you a great challenge and make you think outside of the box most of the time. The music is nice too, the orchestral music is very fitting to the situation that Born(the main character) is in, when being chased by a unstopable void. The enemies have really creative design and helps solve puzzles if you use your powers correctly. It is worth your money... go on... get it."
,Recommended,252670,13506780,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ValkyrieMorrigu,"This is one of the loveliest gams I've ever played. I'm more of a casual gamer, but this game completely gripped me from the start, and I couldn't rest until I'd finished it. It' haunting and beautiful, and I think it' probably my favourite of any game I've ever played. Still attempting to wade my way through Void mode, which I am finding a lt more dificult than the main game, but I'd definitly play it again."
,Recommended,252670,14936465,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,♛ king ♛,"beautiful music and atmosphere (i even bought the soundtrack along with it). not the longest game, but something i would gladly replay again to unlock more of the content. the concept art is stunning too."
,Recommended,252670,7483513,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Shibnibblies,I'm a sucker for pretty games. I'm emotionally attached to this ink spotch with eyes named Born and his love of colors!
,Recommended,252670,12597501,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,TechnoWolf,"A very nice game with fun mechanics and an artistic aspect. It won't be that much of a challenge for any hardcore player, but still a satisfying experience. It's a bit short, but I guess it goes accordingly to the theme going on (i.e : colors).The musics are stunning. I'd recommend you buy the game just for the soundtrack, it is that good.Nihil Umbra, it has its charms, some may enjoy it, some may love it, some may not. I, for my part, really did enjoy the game."
76561198076872084,Recommended,252670,25372817,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,djderyck,It was a fun indie game.  It felt a little bit like it was designed for a younger audience.  In the end it was a slight challenge for a casual gamer that had an interesting premise.
,Recommended,252670,25543443,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,kajetanchrumps,"This game is amazing! It starts as a pretty innocent game, but in the latter parts the difficulty suddenly spikes and I must admit it's pretty challenging. The music is stunning, the game's darkness is fascinating, and most of all, it forces you to THINK. Highly recommended!"
76561198011224813,Recommended,252670,25493733,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Danpowerdrill,"Great game runs in high settings on my laptop .-Dell Laptop inspiron 5555 Signature edition-Processor AMD A10-8700P Radeon R6, 10 Compute Cores 4C+^G 1.80GHz-8GB RAM-Windows 10 64-Bit OS"
,Recommended,252670,28515674,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sumurai8,"This game features a tutorial, an extended tutorial mode, and a hard puzzle-platformer that challenges your brain. The first two parts are... too easy. The last part (the unlockable void mode), is a fun challenge. I played through all the content in 9-11 hours, but I would recommend buying it for the ""void mode"" alone."
,Recommended,252670,28496945,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ThePhantomSafetyPin,"Ah, Nihilumbra, another one of those ""Cute"" games that comments philosophically on the nature of life, the universe, and everything. Yes, a lot of games do this, but I have never been so attached to a character as I have been to Born, so much wanted to see this character grow, and so wanted everything to be okay for the little mite. You really kind of have to put your own spin on the character by nature of what it is, and that's pretty different from most games like this I've seen.The story is that you (Born) are a shadow being from the Void - the Nothingness, that is - and you, curious about the world outside the Void, break free from it into the world of... Something. Quickly, you learn to become and adapt in this environment, changing it, loving it, only for the Void to come after you time and again, trying to reclaim you. The way Born navigates his environs is through elemental magic of a sort, painting elements onto the environs to solve physics puzzles in a way somewhat reminiscent of Okami/Okamiden. Of course, Okami/Okamiden never left me a crying disaster over a shadow creature just trying to make his way in the world, because puppies generally try not to hurt your heart when they make mistakes. The monsters in the game are terrifyingly designed and (yes I know my reviews say this a lot) really do look like something out of a Lovecraft story. Try looking at a Crawlaggar and NOT seeing something that could reasonably pass as a Hound of the Tindalos, I dare you, especially when it comes chasing after you in packs from off-screen...That said, this charming game is not everyone's cup of tea - there is a New Game Plus mode after the end of the normal game, a sort of ""B Adventure"" where you go back through the levels fixing what the Void has destroyed, and it is ABSOLUTELY BRUTALLY HARD. I'm serious, I consider myself a puzzle buff and a fan of rogue-style difficulty, but this is even too much for me. Split-second timing, rather unfair jumps, trial and error, and using elements to deflect bullets into incredibly tough series of enemies - they're all here, often during the chapter-end chases, and they will bend you over a table and go in dry. I am not kidding here, the New Game Plus of this game reaches unprecidented levels of Guide Dang It at points, and that's not even counting the various achievements that aren't related to gameplay itself! I genuinely needed a walkthrough to even make it to the end, and even that was difficult when you look at some of the absolute bull-hocky that this game expects you to do in New Game Plus. To compound that, Born's hitbox sometimes plays oddly with certain enemies - like the Vacuumore - where even being two feet away from the enemy's maw is enough to kill you. This also appears to occur with boxes and spikes on some occasions. I suspect this is a bit of a glitch or oversight, and the game maker did not intend to make the hitbox quite so sensitive, in which case - please fix this, it makes the game quite difficult for the wrong reasons.At the same time, IMHO, the normal game is almost too easy, with obvious solutions to fairly obvious puzzles. Yes, it gets very clever with them - using the bounce power to ricochet bullets, using the sticky power to stick enemies to walls and ceilings (which is freaking hilarious to watch because they flail around), etc. However, generally any time you need speed, you used the slippery power, making electronics work uses the electronic power, etc. Obvious problem + Obvious power = Obvious solution, and I wish that there was more use of mixing of powers to get to a solution as the New Game Plus does. So, between the main game being too easy, and New Game Plus being too hard (but not impossible), couldn't there have been a bit more of a transition between the two? Maybe like, just add more monsters instead of more difficult puzzles, or add more puzzles but not more monsters? Then you could have an easy, medium, and hard mode for those who wanted to play around with the powers and use new and more interesting power combinations to reach their goals, and you could have had the B Adventure be tougher without being so tough it made me tear my hair out in frustration. At the very least, you could have cut down on the number of timing-sensitive puzzles that are near freaking impossible; there's a difference between Nintendo Hard and Frustrating.All in all, I do still like this game, a lot, and find it difficult to hate. The scenery and general idea behind it is gorgeous, I love playing Pseudo-Okami with the powers, and obtaining each power was a true pleasure and very satisfying. Burning things with the fire power is amazingly fun, and the puzzles are pretty clever all things considered. I would recommend this game, but only if you like physics platform-puzzlers with a tough streak in its New Game Plus, because seriously - that second half makes you WORK for its achievements..."
76561197962697539,Recommended,252670,28714734,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wystra,"The concept and appearance of this game are good, but the gameplay at times was not all that fun.  It wasn't bad, but with all the variety out there I feel like there are similar games I like a lot more."
76561198252722034,Recommended,252670,28716535,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shoganai,"One of the best platformer games , probably in the same level with Ori and the blind forest and Limbo. It is a trip where you explore different places of our world and is making you think what our world looks like right now. It is a little bit sad game ,which is going to think about yourself and give you power in many cases. The graphics are very atmospheric , the sounds are fine and the narrator voice is always there so you do not feel alone. It is like a tale you are living."
,Recommended,252670,23384799,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Managodess,"Simple in terms of how to play, gorgeous in terms of art/style and very memorable so far.I love the atmospheric feel of the game as well as the idea behind it"
,Recommended,252670,23280020,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Annoying Orange,"Nice gameplay, the story is pretty good and the thing that i liked the most is the soundtracks of the game.And plus once you finish the story you can unlock void mod.Thanks For Reading <3"
,Recommended,252670,23264889,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nick,"Good game, though it often pretends to be more profound than it actually is. It often breaks the age old rule of ""show, don't tell.""The puzzles themselves are often too easy, though I also would like there to be an option to disable hints (maybe there is, couldn't find it) because the hints that there are just give away the solution.Still, I'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,252670,23540847,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,_atsky,"Very tranquilizing masterpiece.Oblivion,Void.ZEN"
,Recommended,252670,23528708,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,thainen,"A clever puzzle-platformer based on ""colors"" mechanic -- think gels from Portal 2. First half of the game feels to easy, but the difficulty builds up as you reach the ""Void"" chapters -- those bring both some brain-teasers and tricky action sequences. The visual style is pleasant, and the story is simple, but touching. Not a masterpiece, but a strong, solid example of the genre."
,Recommended,252670,23618928,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Queenixx,"It's a really cute game and perfect to play when you are bored or something, it's not that hard but yet a challenge!It's totally worth the prize, you won't regred itThe story is not just fascinating and imaginative, but also really sweet and instructive!"
76561198027735797,Recommended,252670,23559903,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,KBnRn,It has a great story that makes you dive in. The story has some kind of sorrow in it. The Void mode is sometimes as hard as hell but solving puzzels makes you enjoy a lot. A must have game for indie and platform lovers.
76561198250240500,Recommended,252670,22823446,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,kanaan,"Gotta give my honest review. This game is... alright. It's kind of fun, but I just don't see anything all that amazing. The art is okay. The story is mediocre and, uh... kind of emo. It tries really hard to impact you and then fails utterly.But... it's not that bad, I guess. If you have spare time, play it."
,Recommended,252670,22832509,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,SPOOKYNessly,"i love this game, theres just one problem. It gets stuck on the loading screen for the first boss and i cant advance. please fix"
76561198087751019,Recommended,252670,22652186,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,jswp5,"Such a beautiful game. An amazing soundtrack, unique and artistic backgrounds, and a concept i've never seen before in a game. The story is meaningful and if you don't try it for yourself then you're missing out on something great. I bought it on sale but now I wish I paid more, because the devs definitely deserve it for their amazing work of art."
76561198139299207,Recommended,252670,22726590,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gluon,"If you know anybody who does not think that computer games are art get them to play this.  The animation is beautiful, the story compelling and meaningful and the programming is faultless.It may not be the hardest game in the world but I can honestly state that every moment playing this game was enjoyable.The title is masterfully chosen for the story content too which is brilliant, just one of those lovely little touches which you remember.I have to say for such a low price this is an absolute bargain and one I can completely recommend.  Superb work"
76561198278887605,Recommended,252670,22632630,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ECGordon,"Hearing just nice things about this game, I've gone and tried it.I've to say, it was a bit less than I hoped for; even so, it was quite better than your average game.Playability is easy and nice in basic mode; a couple hours would be more than enough to finish the game from start to end. Graphics and general look are truly interesting, with almoust rough and unrefined backgrounds to nicely contrast with the cartoonish, well-contoured protagonist and its unsettling foes. There're more than a few moments when I honestly felt scared.Like I said, in basic mode the puzzles are quite simple - you need just a few tries to grasp the trick. There're lots of save points and not a whole heap of frustrating moments.And then, just when you thing you've done it and won the game, the Void mode falls upon you and, well, let's just say that I've spent right now twenty whole minutes stuck in the second level. The second level! There're, what, seventy levels? Eighty?I feel like I'll be playing Nihilumbra for a veeeeery long time.PROs:- Nice balance between easy mechanics and originality. It was your usual puzzle game, but with an interesting twist given by the possibility to mix colours.- Pretty aesthetics - and pretty animations. I loved the way your small Voidling shifted and sweated in the Volcano level; I loved the lava and I loved the soft, muted, dark colours of the Living Forest, the skeletons in the Ash Desert and the way the City felt truly electric. I felt both simple and home-made, someway, and truly cared for.- The fluidity. I was amazed by how truly un-monotonous it felt. Like, each level had its features and quirks, but it kept neverthless a fluid, uniform tone.- The Void Mode. I'm going to eviscerate it up to the very end, but I'll need to take my time. I went all, like, ahahah, nice game, boy, going to be done with you before dinner, and now I've to decide if I want to eat somewhen between now and, I don't know, next week? It's really NOT EASY. They've an Achievement saying so, too, the ""Void is hard"" Achievement.CONs:- The Yoda Wisdom. AKA, the game's attempt to stuff corny philosophy down your throat. Like, wow, no.- Too much writing and too much speaking. Sometimes they simply suggested to you how to pass the level - please, could you leave me some surprise? Same way, the spoken parts after a bit lost their feeling and became background noise. It's a pity.- The simplicity of the Story Mode. It was really and truly easy to win - but now I've the Void Mode to spend my nights with!An amateur will love the Story Mode; a skilled player will get mad with the levels of the Void Mode. I think almost everyone will be able to enjoy the aesthetic and the pleasant play. Fluid, dinamic, interesting: it's surely a very nice game and I feel like mine were well-spent money.I'd say, 7.5/10!"
,Recommended,252670,22706581,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,smartyx,"Amazing game! I wasn't in the mood for a single player platform, yet this one caught my attention. The graphics and the intriguing story made me buy it and absolutely I do not regret it!The gameplay is brilliant, the story is actually engaging and the idea of the art gallery...genius guys!I do recommend this game to anybody who wants to try something easy yet special."
,Recommended,252670,22575551,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mavrive,"A cute little game.The puzzles are really easy in the beggining, but once you won the game, you can play it again in the ""void mode"" which is a lot harder.It's short, not an omg-this-game-is-so-awsome's game, but it's cute, it's great, I recommend it if you like to just pass the time a little."
76561198063624929,Recommended,252670,21114111,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Frost E. Bear,"Wonderful game with gorgious art and well thought out mechanic. Normal mode is pretty easy but Void mode... wow that's difficult. I love how the 5 colors tie into the areas they're from. Blue makes you go fast since it's from the icy mountains, green makes you bounce since it's from the jungle, brown is sticky since it's from the desert, red burns things like lava, and yellow directs electricity in the city. Only thing I wish is the ability to TURN OFF THAT DAMN NARRATOR! After hearing his voice several time repeating the same line I was irritated."
,Recommended,252670,20757498,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Reikarin,the OST is perfect! I loved the simplicity and the same time the details!
81581581581581581,Recommended,252670,20738200,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,andar815,"Nihilumbra first appears as yet another 2D puzzle platformer in a long line of indie games trying to follow the successes of Braid and Limbo from years back.  Once the game begins, it’s quite clear those assumptions are not without reason, but diving deeper reveals a much bolder game with grander ambitions than the typical modern sidescroller.Video Review -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jD7gFizUTw&list=PL3DFDLFub9-pGLzqUqejMmyNwvJo5Qz7C&index=1The player controls a creature named “Born” as it escapes an empty void into the physical world. As Born progresses, a narrator will explain the futility of the whole affair. The narrator insists the void will relentlessly chase Born down as the “the void must be one.” The narrator argues the world is harsh and doesn’t care what the fate of Born will be. The narrator repeats Born is not a part of the physical world and cannot live there. Born is nothing. It’s all pointless. Born will die. Nihilumbra, as its name suggests, is a game about Nihilism – a philosophy asserting the meaninglessness of life.The message is presented in a brutally heavy handed way. It has the subtlety of a hammer slamming on a nail. Perhaps some will find this off-putting, but the decision to forgo nuance results in a gut wrenching emotional conflict between Born and the narrator. As Born moves through the world in spite of the harsh rhetoric, the narrator can be seen as Born’s internal doubt. Progressing through the world feels like an accomplishment, not only for overcoming obstacles, but for overcoming the narrator’s negativity. Eventually, the narrator will admit Born is putting up a good fight. One of the best scenes is early on, when a set of obstacles tests Born’s physical abilities. Born is not strong enough, nor quick enough, but maybe - maybe Born is smart enough.The Nihilistic philosophy of the narrator is constantly undermined throughout the adventure.  The narrator will present a point in their favor, and quickly offer a counterpoint, countering that point, and then countering it again. The narrator argues with itself, and can be seen as a debate inside Born’s head. While the always in pursuit void is a threat, doubt and anxiety within Born are the central conflicts.The narrator, while maintaining the end is nigh, provides tons of encouragement to push Born and the player onwards. It offers assurances just as much as it offers doubt.  It’s never an unlikable presence and more often than not feels like a good friend and ally. As Born comes across and absorbs elemental powers, the narrator will instruct on how to use them. The elements themselves are typical of this type of game. There is slippery ice, bouncy grass, and destructive lava. Sand and Electricity are the stand outs. With Electricity, the player can create currents sending power to contraptions like elevators and turrets. Sand is the most versatile of them all, allowing the player to slow enemies, withstand fierce winds, stick to walls, and silence footsteps. The narrator will also take the time to explain various enemies around the world. Some chase, some shoot, some will erase elemental powers, and other just suck … quite literally.The game is masterfully paced, presenting these abilities one at a time, but not spending very much time with a single element on its own. The game follows a formula where it teaches an element in a safe tutorial, then asks the player to use the element by itself, and finally tasks the player with using the element in conjunction with previously learned abilities. There is always a feeling of progress and of learning something new with every scenario. Again, there is nothing completely unique about the gameplay, but it is well executed.The only blemishes to the game are tedious chase sequences in which the Void has found Born and attempts to reabsorb them. These moments are used as an equivalent of boss battles, happening at the end of an act and requiring mastery of that acts new mechanics. Nihilumbra’s puzzles are clever, but are never a challenge. As such, the problem with these battles is twofold. Often the puzzles are too easy to solve, leaving Born to wait on the camera to move forward. Alternatively, the full breadth of a puzzle isn’t unveiled quick enough and can’t be completed in a timely fashion resulting in a frustrating death. These sequences are only a small portion of the game, but are definitely its weakest points.The games real strengths rarely come from the gameplay by itself, but rather how the powers, enemies, and puzzles blend beautifully with the story being told. As Born gains new abilities, it becomes clear they are becoming more attached to the world around them than they are to the void giving chase. The narrator notes, Born was nothing when it left the void, but through these learned abilities has definitely become something. With this revelation, the game shifts from being a dramatic depression factory into a somewhat uplifting criticism of Nihilism.What Nihilumbra does is nothing extraordinary, but it wraps itself in a protective blanket of rich atmosphere and tastefully direct writing perfect for the moody teenager in all of us. Its story and gameplay meld seamlessly with excellent music and art to create a completely cohesive vison throughout its entirety. Nihilumbra knows what it is, isn’t ashamed of it, and preforms with a high grade of quality."
76561198038442109,Not Recommended,252670,20925529,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,FlashGordon,This game had so much potential until the creators made the into world real creepy with the narrator. The game was fun until it got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly hard on the Void living forest. This wasn't a challenge to beat is was impossible. Needed to YouTube it to see how it was done. Stopped playing at that point. I don't recommend it for any puzzle enthusiast it will just raise your blood pressure on the annoyance scale. Well the makers could have shown better talent when thinking that part out.
76561198120398414,Recommended,252670,22251213,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,OneHoffAKind,A beautiful platformer that touches on humanity.
,Recommended,252670,21997957,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,GhostkingG1,A charming and fun little platforming game. Not very long but the entire game is a blast from start to finish.
,Recommended,252670,21992810,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Darkmayr,"Nihilumbra is a cute action platformer. It is definitely a puzzle game, and requires either a creative mind or an online guide for some of the harder levels.It is twice as long as it first appears, and you very much have to earn your happy ending. Nevertheless, it has a very well-told, if minimal, story. And it doesn't suffer for being minimal - the simplicity is actually part of what makes the story work.Its gameplay is simple to learn but it may take some time before you'll discover everything you can do with your powers. As a fairly uncreative person, I discovered some abilities entirely by accident and others only with the help of walkthroughs.The only reasonable complaint I can imagine is that it is clearly a port of a smartphone game - nevertheless, the port is VERY well done and I find that the controls work better on my computer than on my smartphone. It feels like the PC version was ported to smartphones, not vice-versa.After playing, I would be willing to pay twice the normal price for this game. If it's on sale, there is no reason to not buy it, and I think it's a steal even for the full $8.Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,252670,22221966,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Fumin268,"When I bought this game I was feeling a little sad. This game actually made me feel happier. It is a short game, but in this case it is an awesome thing. The puzzles are kind of challenging, but that is now why I love this game. I love this game, because of the story. This is a fantastic story that talks about the hard questions in life. The creators of this game did a fantastic job! Muchos Gracias!"
76561198066954202,Recommended,252670,22173645,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,abielf,"Simple inexpensive little puzzle/platformer.  Tight physics, interesting paint based mechanics, haunting narration...it's fantastic, not much more to say. The closest thing to a negative remark I have is that the Controls are difficult on a touchpad, later stages become very difficult if you're only playing on a laptop.Very much worth the money. Pick it up, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,252670,22457520,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Justin,"Nice enough. The puzzles were sometimes clever, but not often enough. The disembodied voice was annoying, but you can turn it off and just read the subtitles."
76561198271951091,Recommended,252670,22579737,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ruler_of_Timekm,A beautiful artist stategy game. Great heart felt story of you as a piece of void escaping and becaming your own and have life.
76561198311662392,Recommended,252670,25476165,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TASlaughtercult,"this game almost made me cry. amazing sountrack,simple but great story.a very good platform game. perfect for chilling"
76561198249811382,Recommended,252670,21741949,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Sketch06,"This game deserves, nothing short of a love letter, so here goes.Dear Born,I loved following your story and sharing in your hardships as you sought to find yourself and grow. It was not easy, but you managed to become free~free from the Void which clung with a mighty grip. Along the way, you found many colors, and grew to be your own self, unowned and unbound. I hope that you defeat the Void and continue to free the world.To the creators of this wonderful game~Thank you so much for this game. The amount of heart you put into this is evident, so magical. Thank you again. <3"
76561198052603954,Recommended,252670,21269092,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AliveForza#1,"very interesting game... :)using color brush on the ground. i like it...! :)background music and story is good.but, void mode is very difficult...!!! :("
76561198041834729,Recommended,252670,21355294,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Eddie V,"Shame it is not a bit longer, cause I really got in to it, the story and character.Overall nice game for 2D side-scroll lovers.LIFE IS BUT A VOID!!"
76561197971291045,Recommended,252670,21347363,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Thrill,"A fun, short platformer with a fresh twist.This is evidently a port of a tablet game, which manifests in the platforming being less important than the environmental manipulation. Which I like, personally, so I recomend this game."
,Recommended,252670,21291651,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Hukoujr,This is one of my favourite games its fun an really addicting as well as being a relly good puzzle game. I would highly recommend this game for any puzzle fans and the art style is just awesome. Great game Beautifun great job. Bargin price too get more game than you pay for.
76561198278572914,Recommended,252670,21291684,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,okaybye,这个也太可爱了吧从小煤球到穿着破布的小黑人，都好萌【捂心口它还会打喷嚏，而且被新颜色的植物吸进去的时候的高潮脸好可爱www手残党如我，在story mode还是死了几次剧情都是鸡汤，强行文艺风但是这种颜色的利用还是比较新颖的
76561198155979412,Recommended,252670,21373617,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Darriot,"The Narrator learned to voice-act at the William Shatner school for overacting, but other than that, it's a pretty neat game. Took me 2 hours to complete the story and the difficulty was easy-peezy. Then... voidmode. I was pleasantly surprised at the extreme jump in difficulty, except for the fact that I couldn't get very far before I decided that I had other games to play. I'm not a completionist, so what seems like may be the best part of the game may just fall into my ""probably own't ever play again"" category. It's a shame, really..."
,Recommended,252670,21396026,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Katande,"Great game all around 10/102 in 1:artful story, easy gamethen the real hard game"
,Recommended,252670,20353502,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,YaBoiiRoss,"it's not terrible. given what it is, a simple, short game with an easy-to-follow storyline, it's completely fine. if you can enjoy simple games then yeah go for it, if you perfer more of a intricate story then you probably won't enjoy it as much."
,Recommended,252670,20445719,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Chdata,"Neat game, I didn't bother with the Void levels because it felt too much like Kaizo.If you liked Limbo you'll like this."
76561198166843258,Recommended,252670,20534531,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,lokistar689,"Very nice and fun game , highly recommend."
,Recommended,252670,20660618,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SimonTNG,"This game I liked ! I can not talk about this game bad ! I just advise you to play, I did not notice the flaws that spoil the game, and I'm glad that I played Nihilumbra !!!!"
,Recommended,252670,20546103,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,shankypants,"Story could have had more weight in it,but still a satisfactory playing experience. Would only recommend buying during a sale."
,Not Recommended,252670,18315600,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Afternoon Tea,"Pros:-Neat Concept-Original Art StyleCons:-Mediocre Voice Acting-Bland straightforward story is bland and straightforward-Sliding Screen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-Unfair deathsOverall: 4.5/10, It's ok, but at the same time pretty much a bust. Honestly, it should've been marked at a slightly lower price ($5.99 or $6.99). At least I got it on sale, but still, I don't think this game was worth it, let alone worth its original price tag."
,Recommended,252670,20081124,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,🎃 selbishikh 🎃,"Challenging, atmospheric, meaningful and immersive; all that describes Nihilumbra.Many know this game as an iOS port, but it is definitely best played on PC. You play as a piece of void, who craves to seek the world beyond darkness -- and this game really delivers the emotions of the voidling through the narration of the 'voice inside your head'.It is quite short, however, but very thought provoking.Consider the first time you finish the game as yourtutorialfor the challenge mode that comes next: The Void Mode. So the game never stops challenging you with harder and harder levels.A great buy, especially if you purchase on a sale."
,Recommended,252670,20334719,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Thjodann,"Absolutely one of the most beautiful 2D platforming games ever made. I originally found this by accident on the iTunes App Store, and it was one of the best purchases I've ever made. As soon as I saw that it was available on Steam, I obviously purchased it in a heartbeat. The graphics, music and story are unprecedented, and really make you question the world you live in and the way you live your life. What really brings this masterpiece to life though, in my opinion, is the musical score. It is so emotional, I can almost hear the composer's thoughts as he brought notes to paper. To me, gaming has always been an art, and if you believe that too, you should purchase this game and experience what it has to offer.PS: There's a surprize at the end!"
,Recommended,252670,21836404,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gamling,"Personally I'm not really into Indie .. and HELL I SUCK AT PLATFORMERS - therefore I don't like them much, but the beauty of this game(excellent art work), its sound and philosophical plot really captured my heart(maybe even my soul) so I have beaten it in one session and I grateful to my friend who asked me to try it. And it says something, when even not a fan of this genre praise the game so much. It is quite cheap now, so buy it! And if you really don't like platformers, symbolic plots and stuff  like that, well... then wait for sale and buy it on sale."
,Recommended,252670,18814680,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,EGOIST,"生命与死亡相对应，我选择不再逃避，淡然面对虚空，而虚空却因此害怕我！Life and death should be relative, I choose not to escape, indifferent face of vanity, so that the void afraid of me!"
,Recommended,252670,8542406,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,concelor,"Short but solid entertaining puzle gameGreat design, music, and conceptsPace is odd at times, and narrator is not the best but overall if you like portal 2 you'll enjoy this"
76561198050750672,Recommended,252670,29448040,Posted: 23 January,all,Cycrus,"Very good Indie-Game!Pros:+ Solid gameplay+ Great atmosphere+ Amazing story+ Storytelling works out perfectly+ Fitting graphic-elements (creatures, backgrounds, ...)+ Everything seems very dark and deep (personal preference)+ Satisfying ending (in my opinion)Cons:- Graphics are beautiful but could be polished- The game often is either too easy (normal mode) or too difficult (void-mode)- A little bit shortAll in all I can really recommend the game if you need a small game you can play between learning or work sessions.I would love it if the developers would bring out a polished and longer version of the game."
76561198121288628,Not Recommended,252670,29408248,Posted: 21 January,all,mr_freeze338,"Looks nice on the surface, and I like the mechanics. Still, I found puzzles simple to the point of being dull, and the voiced narration on just about every screen not charming in the least, such that I turned down the volume. I can't recommend to anyone who's well familiar with puzzle platformers, but it might appeal to a casual crowd."
76561198264301352,Recommended,252670,29393188,Posted: 21 January,all,Tbearjavorsky,"My god. This game is a masterpiece. Great game play,  and worlderful story. I bought this on a wim and regret nothing. It is worth the price."
76561197994584318,Not Recommended,252670,29386404,Posted: 20 January,all,honest tom,"Slightly disappointed by this.  I played through the whole thing and never really got into it.Voice over narration is unnessecary, angsty, and constant.The story mode game is fair on the player.  Solutions make sense and achievable.GFX and gameplay is much what you see in the video.  I think I was convinced by some of the positive reviews that there was a lot of gameplay in the post-story mode, but I just couldn't drag myself through it after a couple of quite ridiculous unfair bonus levels."
,Recommended,252670,29152970,Posted: 9 January,all,Gwingle,"Excellent game! The puzzles, especially towards the end, are great at combining the different abilities."
76561197972804693,Recommended,252670,29659659,Posted: 2 February,all,UnDeRaTeD,A unique platformer puzzle game with an interesting art direction.  Well worth buying if you enjoy that sort of thing.  Void mode is hard...
76561198157201361,Recommended,252670,29686918,Posted: 3 February,all,Mineswee,I think that this was worth playing not amazing but yes worth playing
76561197999618974,Recommended,252670,30176420,Posted: 25 February,all,Yasurata,An excellent puzzler with a disturbing narration. Ignore the narration and enjoy the puzzles!
,Recommended,252670,31149604,Posted: 14 April,all,A Good Nut,"Quite good. Fun, challenging, pretty, and atmospheric. A neat little puzzle platformer sorta meme. I would reccomend picking it up for the reasonable price offered. Try void mode if you want to cry. :)"
,Recommended,252670,24165113,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,iMasterYolo,"Good game , with good story."
,Recommended,252670,31131617,Posted: 14 April,all,BumbleLee,"Although it was short, this game was beautiful. I loved the story and the beauty within it. It creates a memorable experience and I would definitely recommend looking into it! It's fairly priced for the story it tells and the experiences you and the character go through. All in all one of the better short games I've purchased."
,Recommended,252670,31342388,Posted: 24 April,all,NyappiCat,"It's a charming game and I like how you collect different colors that give you different abilities/powers throughout the game. The voice acting is alright but it loses its mysterious charm by making everything sound the same. I haven't gotten more than a few levels into the game but I do feel like there aren't any proper endings to the major areas, no bosses or such. You just sort of move on to the next place. The game might get more interesting as it goes on, but there's not much going on in the game so far."
76561198120712540,Recommended,252670,31429274,Posted: 28 April,all,jokobo11689,"I woudn't get it at full price but its a great little tital, a lovely story, and nice little graphics. I found it fun and it didn't overstay its welcome."
76561198111845822,Recommended,252670,31627951,Posted: 8 May,all,SamGauths,"Ce n'est pas le genre the jeu sur lequel on va passer des heures, mais si vous chercher un petit jeu pour faire des pauses détentes c'est le jeu parfait. Personellement, je trouve qu'au niveau des graphismes ce jeu est une vraie oeuvre d'art. Par contre, niveau histoire c'est vide et le gamplay reste assez classique (un ""platformer"" ou on se déplace de gauche à droite, on saute, il y a  des obstacles, etc..). Le jeu n'a pas une très longue durée de vie mais il est très bien dans l'ensemble."
76561198062007743,Recommended,252670,22884047,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Ghot,"Game's good, fun and long enough (completed it in 9 hrs including Void mode).The story and dialogs are nice and relatively deep. I personally really enjoyed them, especially with the narrator's great voice acting. It had me actually involved in the story and curious of knowing what's next. (Doesn't happen alot).The game is pretty easy by itself, for this reason the developers included ""Void mode"" (unlocked bybeating the first playtrough) which lets you replay the game with slight changes to the level layout and some of the enemies' behavior, drastically raising the overall difficulty of the game.Only real issue i've found is in the bullet physics, making them not bouncing where they are supposed to, (which can break the game sometimes) making the level completation impossible or way harder than it should be, but worry not:This can be fixed by playing the game in window mode disabling Vsync (this could make the game less enjoyable for the players with a high refresh rate monitorsFor such reasons I would advice playing the game in window mode, and Vsync on if you wish. When you feel like the bullets aren't bouncing where they are supposed to, turn Vsync off for the rest of the part/level.P.S: they took the time to convert every single text in the game (narrations and menu) in ""polygloth language"" which is a 10/10 by itself"
,Recommended,252670,32011899,Posted: 27 May,all,Ibaudia,This game that looks like it's from NotDoppler circa 2005 stuck with me longer than 90% of the recycled AAA garbage that I insist on playing for some reason. This game is great.
,Recommended,252670,32062543,Posted: 30 May,all,Seedyplow,"This is a very beautiful game with miraculous sounds and unusual puzzles. A great way to find out how these or other words sound in other languages. I really liked the style of the game. The protagonist and the atmosphere itself resembles something between ""GISH"" and ""LIMBO"". So, I do not regret the money spent. You can play."
76561197976784011,Recommended,252670,32049523,Posted: 29 May,all,VyCarious,"I picked this up on sale.Good simple gameplay, progressive story but with regular repetition, but each addition to your character makes you think a little differently about a puzzle. The story is possibly a touch slow, but game definitely gets harder once you complete it and start the next phase. The narrator can be a little irritating, especially if you repeat the same section a few times, but you can turn the imposing voice down in the settings.Definitely worth a go, especially if it pops up in a sale."
,Recommended,252670,32091181,Posted: 31 May,all,Babbu-X,The game is good and puzzles are also interesting. Narration is also quite good and music is just lovely. Totally recommend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,252670,32756913,Posted: 24 June,all,Fallian,"Finished Nihilumbra, 10/10 would recommend! Sweet and Dark at the same time... peacful and stressful at the same time... artwork is amazing and soundtrack just captures the essence of the game. All together one of the best games i have finished in years!Just the right length of game for what it is. Amazing!"
76561198169729101,Recommended,252670,33166114,Posted: 2 July,all,Von Alucard,This game is pretty cool. It was a relaxing game to play. The graphics are interesting. The story is amazing and creative! I definitely recommend playing this game.
76561198134909744,Recommended,252670,33769981,Posted: 24 July,all,VampiricDirewolf,"I love the story in this game. The gameplay was also really simple and easy to get a hang of, while still getting progressively harder as you obtain more colour. The puzzles were of optimum complexity and the art is gorgeous."
76561198224982136,Recommended,252670,33842381,Posted: 27 July,all,Dano,Very atmospheric and beautiful game.
,Recommended,252670,31035831,Posted: 9 April,all,KimchiGod,Absolutely love it. Good story with clean graphics and great voice.
76561197998189659,Recommended,252670,34428516,Posted: 22 August,all,Freddy,"Really awesome puzzle platform game! The story mode is almost too easy but it gives you time to get used to the mechanics. The real challenge starts with the Void mode. If you love jumping, sliding and sticking around, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,252670,34226318,Posted: 13 August,all,OceanBoy,"Remains consistent in its smooth and slick visuals.  The narration will lure you in, the combat system will hook you, the story will not let you go."
,Recommended,252670,34699111,Posted: 2 September,all,ghost,"A relativily simple and interesting platformer which slowly builds its complexity over the runtime.Has some of the most enjoyable platforming I've played in a long while, and I love the artstyle.The atmosphere and world-building is lovely, but the game doesn't really have much of a story or plot."
,Recommended,252670,34818160,Posted: 8 September,all,Exothermaniac,"Nihilumbra is an entertaining, although sometimes frustrating, experience to play through. The voice-over describing how the protagonist feels is a nice touch that adds some human warmth to the puzzle platformer. The only drawback with puzzles would be enemies that has an untimed attack pattern which leads to frustrating and unavoidable deaths since it is unpredictable. Anyway, if you see it on sale and like playing with fingerpaint it is still a good buy this many years after release."
,Recommended,252670,13456028,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Squeekstir™,"PHONOMANAL GAME! BUY IT IMMEDIATELY BUT MAKE SURE TO TURN OFF THE NARRIRATOR'S VOICE! IT RUINS THE GAME! Fantastic soundtrack, great narrirator (not the voice but the words on screen). It may say I havent played the game too long, but I had it on my mobile device and beat everything on it! Great game, stop reading and just buy it!"
76561198139234077,Recommended,252670,35433449,Posted: 2 October,all,Peregrin,"Nihilumbra is, as others have quite rightly pointed out, a masterpiece.  Although I only just bought the game on Steam, I've already played the iOS version, and it's one of the few games on iOS that I actually respect.  It was for this reason that I wanted to play it on PC, and from what I've played it's the same wonderful game I remember.  In fact, it's one of my favourite games of all time.  Very rarely does a game have a story that stirs the sort of emotions in me that Nihilumbra does.  While playing, Nihilumbra distinguishes itself from many other games by making one truly care about the protagonist Born, a being born from The Void.  A voice narrates Born's journey and his thoughts, making the player feel a connection to Born.  Over the course of the game, Born learns about the world and uses its power over colours to change it, all the while fleeing from The Void.  For my part I was invested every step of the way.In short, Nihilumbra is a unique and moving experience that you need to play at least once before you're taken by The Void."
,Not Recommended,252670,35479473,Posted: 4 October,all,kilian_smt,"When I first heard of Nihilumbra I was like ""Bless You"". Now that I have played trough it, I can confirm that this is true. The music gets really boring at some point, so you can't tell me, you would not be bored if you would have to listen to the same 2 minutes of music for 1 hour. So the mechanics are interesting And new. I like the system with the colors, but somehow, the delevopers got to mess this up as well. The puzzles soon start to get repetitive and in the last world, the will to beat this game was smaller as the price of it. Price? Hell yeah!Should you buy it for 6 bucks?No.Should you buy it for 2 bucks as I did?Maybe...Even if this game doesn't get you to want to beat it, it is really nice to relax and just like fall into it. The game is easy as hell. For 6 bucks nearly 3 hours of play time? Great! For 2 bucks the same? Even better!"
