user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198170078133,Recommended,252610,32074532,Posted: 30 May,all,Veteran Child,"This game was a real good time from start to finish. It has plenty of replay value, and plenty of challenge for those who enjoy more difficult games."
,Recommended,252610,32827986,Posted: 26 June,all,PanfooToogre,"Death Road to Canada...Probably one of the weirdest and funniest game I've ever played.Some people, in their reviews, like to list out their first playthrough. I would instead like to list out the best (and worst) moments of my experience in this game.-I created all my friends and myself in custom character mode!-On two separate occasions, I accidently threw a grenade and killed my entire team.-I met up with a man dressed as Garfield who screamed, ""I FREAKING HATE MONDAYS!"" The game referred to him as ""an abomination.""-I shook hands with The Grim Reaper and later died...-An anime girl joined my team and exploded after becoming too happy.-I got a notification telling me that a mutant was destroying a town! I chose the option to help out the city that was being attacked and it turned out that some girl just got stuck inside of a rubber dinosaur costume.-The daughter of Thor came down from the heavens and proclaimed, ""I am here to help you on your quest to Canada! It's not a big deal.""-My team found a hotdog car. That was pretty cool.-I almost died in a graveyard because of my ""obsession with goblins.""-I gave Elvis Presley an Uzi and he was surprisingly good at using it!-One of my friends joined my team and at one point he asked, ""How about a sing-along?"" My character responded, ""How about a shut up-along?""-I found Cloud Strife and discovered his name was ""Nimbus Ordeal."" I would be lying if I said I didn't laugh.-I played with one of my friends and I told him that we would definitely lose. ...We ended up winning.-When I reached Canada, a giant Canadian robot appeared singing ""O' Canada!""-Best of all, I was made an honorary citizen of Canada! It was probably the greatest moment of my life.Overall, this game is sincerely funny and well-made. If you're looking for an ""Oregon Trail"" style game with crazy characters and bizarre situations, this game is for you!10/10(Also, you will almost definitely lose at first. This game can be rather difficult.)"
76561198005820618,Recommended,252610,24786521,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Enigmatic Hat,"You huddle in your boarded up apartment, surrounded by zombies.  You ran out of food a week ago.  Your last friend died three days ago.  You ran out of bullets yesterday, but you saved one for yourself.  As the zombies tear down the door to your room, you put your pistol to your head and close your eyes.You hear a familiar jingle in the distance, getting closer.  You open your eyes.  Suddenly one of the walls explodes inwards and a huge vehicle plows through, sending severed limbs and zombie entrails everywhere.  It’s an ice cream truck!  The driver has a green mohawk, and a rusty machete across her lap.  In the back you hear two people arguing about which one of them farted.  The driver throws the door open.“Get in loser.  We’re going to Canada!”"
76561198046115848,Recommended,252610,30262546,Posted: 1 March,all,kingsmainman,"Everyone died, except the dog.That dog was made an honorary citizen of Canada.12/10"
76561198002146979,Recommended,252610,26347477,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,panzersnapdragon,"Had 2 humans and 2 dogs. Both humans and 1 dog died and I thought it was game over... then the dream that is Canada inspired the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in an instant and my surviving dog learned to walk upright, wield a shotgun, and drive a car. 10/10 game of the year"
,Recommended,252610,28708993,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Nyehh,"This game is one of the most fantastic games I have ever had the honour of playing.I first heard of this game via YouTube, on a channel called ""PBGGameplays"". I have wanted ever since, I believe it was ~3-ish months ago, and I had been meaning to get it for a while.And then I did get it.And it was even better than I had expected it to be.It isveryreplayable, due to the randomized everthing, and the sheer difficulty of it all. I have tried many times, (to seemingly no avail), to reach Caanada, but it is very difficult. Oh, that doesn't make it bad. It's not impossible; I know that, and I have gotten so close to victory once or twice before.The controls are great too. From someone who has no usb-connected controllers, even the keyboard is great to use. The local multiplayer is fun, and it's quite easy to play using only one keyboard. I can see it working with three, maybe four players.This game is chalk-full of quirky jokes and clever references. It jokes around quite a bit, but knows when it's time to kick some serious zomble @ss. From the awesome car prompts, (such as ""Let's boogie!"" or ""Hit it!"") which, honestly aren't necessarily even jokes, just completely awesome, to the Buttsville police departments, this game is made of the essence of fun.I love the style of it all, and the (I think) 32-bit graphics. And the music. Ooooh the music. I love it. I love all of the music. All of it. It's the kind of music that makes you want to get up and dance the zomble-filled night away. Well done.Anyways, this game is just awesome, great job to the dev(s) who made it. If I were to rate this game with a number, it would have to be an absolute ten... out of five. I absolutely love this game,.That is all."
,Recommended,252610,24502828,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Popghost 👻 Lagamyth,I came across a mysterious girl who turned out to be aMagical Girlso we recruited her.Everyday she became more and more grossly disfigured.Days pass and she's the only one left standing.Her disfigurement was the result of her being more and more anime everyday.1 Driving Day till Canada!She exploded from being too kawaii in a violent rupture and died.Game Over.10/10
76561198022282731,Recommended,252610,26087413,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,strawberrysparks,"I brought this after watching a couplle of youtubers play.made my group, ready to head out to canada.7 days left to get to canada.was low on suppliestwo members of the group died trying to scavange/loot.one died trying to wrestle a bearthe last member was a clown.who, because there was no one left to make laugh, ditched the car wandererd off aimlessly.game over.I may not have managed to get to canada, but I learned never to pick up a hitchhiking clown."
,Recommended,252610,24454368,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,L E F T B O Y S,Jokes on you idiots I'm already there
,Recommended,252610,28462137,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Katarani,"me and everyone I know got murdered by zombiesexcept the dog, who proceeded to gas up the station wagon and drive off.10/10"
,Recommended,252610,32808110,Posted: 26 June,all,purewater100%,"I met a pug, standing at human height, wearing a trench coat. His name was Woof. I recruited Woof to my party. Woof was the last remaining survivor of my team, and as he died, he instead split into three dogs, leaving his trenchcoat behind. He died later that day after stubbing his toe while walking.10/10"
,Recommended,252610,24480270,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Wow what a ride!!Death Road to Canadais a real riot. I played local co-op with my wife and we both had a lot of fun! Very humorousOregon Trailstyle game blended with some hack-n-slash action, with a bit of randomness thrown in for good measure.Essentially, you are managing a group as they try to go from Florida to Canada.You manage supplies such as fuel, food, and different melee weapons and guns. There are choose-your-own-path events that pop up frequently. You sometimes will die VERY quickly from a random event, but its all good. The storyline is created as you go, and seems really great with each run.Definately one of the highlights in this game is the ability to create custom characters, and save them so they pop up on future runs. I play myself, and my wife plays her in-game self. We put our friends in there. We choose their skill sets and how they look. It really makes the 'story' aspect so much more great.Pros:+Great blend ofOregon Trailand hack-n-slash gameplay+Controller support makes this great to play from the couch+The humor is spot-on and makes for really funny storylines that definately feel very unique each time you play+The ability to create and save custom characters isawesome+RPG-esque leveling up of skills really adds a layer of strategyCons:-The music is pretty good, but is a bit 'lite' or 'wonky' for the game (this is hard to describe)-I don't know if its just us, but the controller is a bit awkward in the menus (not during gameplay, though) - it feels like it is cutting out, but it is definately not a battery thing or connection since I checked-You will have a few random deaths that feel cheap, but really its all fun and gave us good laughsDefinately an outstanding local co-op game.It is still fun single-player, but shines when playing with a friend. Overall, I could see us getting a lot of hours out of this one."
76561198173960361,Recommended,252610,30656594,Posted: 21 March,all,Andreas The Gr8,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Essentially, it is “Oregon Trail” but with zombies. The game forces you to make some very hard decisions which generally lead to table-flippingly bad outcomes. There are some other less consequential ones as well. These decisions generally are what decides if you make it to Canada or not. Shooting/Stabbing/Running skills are not what decides how good you are at the game, but some of such skills are necessary to avoid receiving too much damage. If you are looking for a survival game that is based off and challenges your finger agility, this is the wrong game for you. If you want a funny survival game that is based off and challenges your decision-making skills, this is the right game for you.I just beat the standard campaign and was very thrilled with the ending. To get there, you need to be very careful when evading zombies, especially at the end of the game, but this does not take too much skill. The AI's are not as good at the art of dodging and will likely die due to getting trapped. Because of this, play as your most valuable character and treat your “buddies” as zombie bait and extra lives. Food can be sometimes scarce and is very useful for trading for supplies at the end of the game, so limit the amount of group members. I like to have two people in my group, but I will add a third if he/she/(enter gender here) has good traits.P.S. : If you really like your “Otaku Katana” don't use it because it will likely break on the first day.r a n d o m t e x t f o r f o r m a t i n g ***   U P D A T E   *** r a n d o m t e x t f o r f o r m a t i n gI have beaten the standard game 4 times now. I have also beaten short trip to heck, rare characters mode, and friendly faces mode. I have memorized the outcomes of most events. I still hold my previous statements. Mostly. There is more to the game than just your decisions in game created senarios, your decisions on which weapons to use, when, and with   w  h  o  m   also greatly effect your chances of making it to Canada.I have also found some ""bugs"" in the game. Note: These are minor and will not effect the gameplay  t o o  much:1. You cannot kick your teammates out of the group: Sometimes trash people enter your group when you are low of food. It is irritating that there is no clear way to kill (or kick them from the group) them without risking any harm to your teammates; the only way is to send them in solo to die. (If you have other teammates present they will stick to the person you are trying to sacrifice and often die). This is very irritating to me and I would like a way to kick out members of the group, even with some possible negative results not already in the game.2. Teammates will often attempt to run through a horde rather than around it: Your team always stays close behind you (they rarely even collect loot (heckin freeloaders)). This means when you see an opening in a horde for a split second, your team will rush in behind you after the opening has closed. Conclusion: AI needs to be more autonomous3. Weird ammo glitch: I have noticed when I bring (lets say 10 shotgun ammo) with me and when I come back to the car after looting and not collecting any ammo, it will say that I collected 10 shotgun ammo. If I use 3 ammo, it will say that I collected 7 more shotgun ammo rather than the -3. This does not effect the gameplay at all but just irritates me."
,Recommended,252610,33547267,Posted: 14 July,all,Gweebis,"I've been having a lot of fun with this game, and I've been having trouble putting it down. Death Road To Canada is basically Oregon Trail in a zombie apocalypse with a quirky sense of humor that you can easily sink hours into playing. While RNG plays a big role in the game, your skill can turn a bad run around and make a good run last all the way to Canada.Pros:+The gameplay is well executed, and there's loads of variety.While the game is somewhat difficult, you're given many tips and pointers when progressing to help you improve your strategy and create characters that will get you to Canada. If you're looking for a challenge, there's multiple hard modes that push you to the limit, such as having the trip take twice as long or even having double the zombies throughout the entire journey.I will beat KEPA mode someday.When fighting zombies, the outcome is reliant on your skill and what you can do with the materials at hand - sure, the game's much easier if you have an automatic weapon and a lot of ammo, but you have to use it wisely as not only is it quick to use up your stock but also you're limited on how much you can carry for each gun. Being able to create yourself, family, friends, and characters from different forms of media makes the game a lot more enjoyable and leads to lots of different outcomes and situations.+The humor of this game is what really sets this apart from games of the like.The overall experience of this game is far more enjoyable thanks to the jokes and special characters you can encounter, making the overall zombocalpyse a lot less depressing. Just take a glance over some of the other reviews here to get a taste of the comedy this game has to offer.+The game designer is constantly interacting with players in the forums, listening to their feedback, and working to add more content and improve upon existing content.It's always delightful to see creators working with their audience as it shows how much they care about what they've made and the experience that people get from it. Kepa is a pretty chill dude who really seems to enjoy what he does, and I have a lot of respect for all that he's done (and continues to do) with the game.+The soundtrack has some pretty catchy tunes that add on to the tone of the game.Rigor Mortis Rag is no doubt my favorite track.Cons:-There's a few minor issues with the gameplay that are flaws on otherwise flawless gameplay.Sharing ammo with other players is an all-or-nothing task. There's no way to evenly distribute ammo or split it 70-30 if you want to give yourself more - a character is given as much ammo as possible when equipping a weapon before combat. During combat, switching weapons with a character will give them all of the ammo on you for that weapon, and taking the weapon back will take all the ammo from the other character. Implementing a way to choose the amount of ammo each character can carry before combat would really help with this. There's also the issue of fighting tactics being a switch for everyone, not being individual switches, meaning that you couldn't have one person not fight to recharge while everyone else fights to help you out. CPUs will also drop items such as explosives and healing sprays for something else as they cannot use them, which can be inconvient if you want them to carry those for later use.-Co-op could be improved.The second player cannot walk through doors until the first player does, and, if P1 walks through a door and P2 is not nearby, P2 will have to navigate themselves to the door even though they cannot see where they are. Something such as a minimap or splitscreen could improve upon this (although such an improvement would take a lot of effort to implement). It's a rather small issue, but it can lead to taking unnecessary damage since P2 didn't see a zombie in front of them. Online co-op would be nice for the future, but that's also a lot to implement.-No SteamCloud.Since DR2C should be getting an Android/iOS release, a Dropbox would be used to transfer saved data from one device to another, but, as of right now, you'd have to back up your save data if something were to go wrong.TL;DR:This game is funny, challenging, and very replayable with each run being different from the last. Chances are if you liked what you saw with the trailer, you'll love this game and get more than $15 worth out of it. It's a game that I highly recommend you get.I wonder if Kepa-sempai will notice me o3o"
76561197970097014,Recommended,252610,32861339,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaaboose,"There is so much to love about this game.The Local Co-Op is a blast, The humor just gets me, The game play is the perfect blend of action and decisions. I could go on but what I really want to talk about is my first successful trip to Canada.I started off with my Wife's character Arwen who never got Tired and had an affinity for taming dogs. My plan was to go solo and raise an army of pooches to do my bidding.Things were looking good after the second day as Arwen had already made a Dog friend and supplies were looking good but the next day we got caught in a Zombie siege and the pooch didn't make it.Worse, the next day the car ran out of gas and Arwen suffered nothing but bad luck until she was out of food, medical supplies and ammo. Then, through the power of positive thinking (Not my words) Arwen somehow raised her depleted moral back to full and soldiered on!Shortly after she found a Car and just barely escaped with it and her life.Then as she was driving along A weird vortex appeared ahead in the road. Arwen inspected this and decided that a living being could pass through it without fatal effects. Feeling things weren't looking that good Arwen drove into the vortex and emerged as newrA! Not only had her gender chanced but all her stats had been revered! She, Now He, Had gone from an Optimist with terrible survival skills and strength into a pessimistic beefcake!This was made all too clear when he picked up a lead pipe in the next scavenger mission as preceded to decimate the undead!Shortly after newrA met Jennifer on the road. Jennifer proofed herself to be a major asset to the team with some of the best insight and composure I'd ever seen. It was a match made in heaven. newrA would fight, shoot or heal them out of trouble while Jennifer was the girl who had a plan for everything and was always dead calm.The journey continued steadily with no deaths and we picked up another survivor, my own Character Tom I created with my Wife the previous day.Then came the Holy Grail: At a trader camp newrA found a merchant selling what he claimed was the greatest sword of all time demanding a whopping 50 units of food for it. We only had 35 and I was skeptical so I choose the option to ask for a demonstration.He accompanied us on our next mission: Save a survivor from a zombie infested mall. My god I was sold on this sword! The merchant was mowing down wave after wave with it all the time talking like a 2:00am Infomercial salesman! Thankfully the mall was packed with food so I managed to collect the 50 but at the end to make sure I was completely satisfied he offered a 33% discount and threw in a second one for free.I kept expecting the sword to break but it proved indestructible though it was exhausting to wield.There were a couple of close calls a few times but the sword proved amazingly powerful! We picked up an otaku survivor to fill out our party and even though we changed cars 6 times due to running out of gas (Everything from a sooped up mussel car to a giant hot dog!) we managed to get withing 3 driving days of Canada!Then we met a man on the road names Nimbus Ordeal with spiky blonde hair carrying a Guster Sword.The otaku was promptly kicked out of the car and Nimbus Ordeal joined our ranks.As overpowered as I felt we still nearly fell in the last few missions but our swords, shotguns, uzis and grenades saw us through!THAT WAS JUST ONE STORY!Everyone will be different!Get the game and share yours!"
76561198076503649,Recommended,252610,31478857,Posted: 30 April,all,German,">Start death road to canada>Think it would be funny to make high school jock dude and girlfreind>Jock dude dies at first stop>Find a graveyard>Girlfreind becomes one with death, gains reaper scythe>Gf finds mechanic passed out at bar, recruits him>Between Gfs scythe and mechanics hammer none can hold us back>Pass through magic portal swaping the former both girls into dudes>Aside from that, all is good>Then we see him>A man wearing all spports outfit and carrying an airhorn that we recruit on the spot>HIs name is SPORTS>SPORTS weilds an airhorn nocking down zombies, opening them up for the scyth>Together a well oiled machine>Edge of Canada>Recruit another Dink on the way who is a gun master to give all the guns to>It was a long road, the last stop is before us, all we have to do is cross the bridge>It was a glorius battle>the border was in sight, but something was missing>The airhorn>Without remembering that this  is a game and it didnt matter, I ran back>I saw SPORTS surrounded>HIs glorius airhorn letting out a small toot, signifying the airhorns end>I watched , trying despretly to cleve through the hoards with my scythe to free SPORTS>Alas, it was all for naught>All made it with the exeption of SPORTS>I cried10/10"
,Recommended,252610,24779652,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[GK] RhodesianPenguin,"With my 2 hours in this game. This is my story> Starts with one dude (Gary)> Starts the quest to Canada> Going to a town> I see a shop with the sign ""Bark Bark""> I enter> See dog> Recruit dog> Dog's name is ""Calista""> Start driving against Canada> OH♥♥♥♥♥♥A SEIGE!> Gary dies=WITH NO ONE LEFT TO DRIVE THE CAR, THE JOURNEY TO CANADA IS AT AN END=Oh wait.... there's still a dog alive. Calista thinks of one word in her primitive animal mind: CANADACalista gets the keys, puts them in the car ignition, and starts it up.ONWARD TO CANADA!"
,Recommended,252610,30101504,Posted: 22 February,all,Psychobard,"My group of ragtag misfits had made it all the way to Canadian border until the party's bruiser had gotten the smart idea to throw molotovs at the approaching wall of zombies.  Shortly after this he realized his mistake as the conflagrating waves of undead set fire to not only himself but his other friends, including a luchador who spent his last breath piledriving a zombie into the hostile crowds.As all four friends lay burning in the snow like the Earth immolating at the edge of a supernova, their last sight on this cursed world was that of a giant mech dressed as a Canadian Mountie singing, ""O' Canada"""
,Recommended,252610,26464808,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Weaselly,"- Start game with two people.- Gary has a mysterious past, and isn't good at much of anything, and is kind of a jerk.- Ishan is a martial artist, and is calm under fire. He's good at everything.- Things don't go amazing, but they're far from bad.- Eventually we come across a woman named Virgie, surrounded by empty bottles. We wake her up, and invite her onboard the S.S. Canada. She accepts.- Later we come across Jocelyn, who tells us to ""GET THE HECK AWAY FROM MY DOOR"", after we nearly burgle her house. We invite her onboard. For some reason, she accepts.- Three days pass, morale is low. Somebody needs to get kicked off the team.- I look around at my real-life friends. It's a unanimous decision.- Later, Gary.- Two days later, Ishan can't take the stress anymore, and wanders off into the bush, never to be seen again.- Later that day, Jocelyn dies when Virgie leaves her in a room full of zombies, closing the door.- The optimistic Virgie, now rid of the pessimistic Jocelyn, must find her way out of a sewer. She's cornered by zombies, and takes out an assault rifle she found somewhere. She takes down half the horde with her... but she ultimately falls.- - - - - -- New playthrough; solo, no other survivors on my team.- Come across Gary, sleeping on a picnic table.- Keep driving, because nobody likes Gary."
,Recommended,252610,24498066,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Discocheats,"After surviving a massive seige of zombies on her own, my last survivor died trying to swat away a bee and getting stung.This game rules."
,Recommended,252610,32033576,Posted: 28 May,all,Etesse,"10 out of 10 can be hard sometimesSo... this game... started all ifne, got a shotgun, lots of food cans, gas, a sporty car... met Garfield and i recruited him... I died, he survived and scavenged my stuff. Made it too canada on a ""Monday""."
,Recommended,252610,30990999,Posted: 6 April,all,Zombra,"Buy this game!Death Roadis an ingenious combination of apocalyptic horror and lighthearted road trip comedy.So many elements are done just right:* Zombie combat - Perfect.  Slow zombies only, as it should be.  One or two?  Trivial.  A crowd?  Impossible.  Super simple, straightforward gameplay that gets deeper with every new situation.  Navigating a crowd is seat-of-the-pants excitement.  How big a horde will you dare to get one more can of food?* Resource management - Fantastic.  The balance isjust right.  You'll always need more gas, more food, more bullets, more medicine, because you're always running out ... but with luck, there's always an opportunity to get more.  Low on meds?  That drugstore is a good place to loot - but then you pass up the opportunity to look for groceries.  Maybe it's time to leave someone behind so there's one less mouth to feed - but then your team will lose fighting strength.  Decide quick!  They're coming.There are very few right or wrong answers.  It's all about what trade-off you're willing to make to last one more day on the Death Road.* Road events.  That's right!  The ""road trip"" part of the description isn't a joke.  You don't spend ALL of your time hacking through armies of undead.  Plenty of time is spent on the road, cruising between hotspots.  Look for supplies, avoid bandits, meet traders, get in arguments in the car.  Like in any road trip, you never quite know what the next bend in the highway will bring, and again these events lead to more choices.  Fight the bandits and risk injury, or give up some food?  Waste gas driving around an obstacle or plow the car right through it and see what happens?  No right or wrong, just ""I hope this works!""* RPG elements - Light and Tight!  With characters dying left and right, a complex stat system would be inappropriate here, but what there is is meaningful and involving.  Stats, skills, and unique character traits have direct impact on both the action gameplay and event resolution.  A strong character can swing heavier weapons without getting tired or win a ""pose-off"" when meeting apocalyptic body-builders.  A character with a good Medical skill will automatically heal wounds without wasting supplies.  A paranoid character will have special options to anticipate trouble but reduced morale, making it hard to keep them going on the Death Road.  And of course a character with the ""Irritating"" trait will have dialogue choices available to make any bad situation worse.There are no numbers on these stats, just a color coded system to ballpark your abilities at a glance ... without ever knowing for sure exactly what they mean.  There is no ""levelling up""; instead, stats can be improved through use during events, or crippled through bad decisions.  Build up your team directly through gameplay, not by optimizing number stacks on a spreadsheet.* Comedy!  You'll either love it or you won't.  If driving an ice cream truck through a horde of zombies, fighting alongside the real Santa Claus, ""pumping up"" until you're ""too swole to control"", renting out a witch's black cat, or arguing about who farted in the car doesn't tickle you, this may not be your game.  I love it all.  The tone never disappoints and is consistent throughout, weirdly giving the setting a solid, well-established feel despite its ""anything goes"" ethos.So buy this game, good luck on the Death Road, and if you're thinking of downvoting my review you better COOL IT."
76561198067084640,Recommended,252610,24529313,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Yipp,"Wow... now this is an interesting game. Basically Oregon Trails with zombies and a healthy (And heavy) dose of humor that suddenly pops up in the strangest places. Just to give you an example of this seriously hard but enjoyable game, I'll just mention my best run yet.Start off with two of my own characters, quickly recruited two more, and raided multiple places including buttville's police department.Then a rather hard siege came. I lost one; an annoying woman who was always tlaking about getting swole who bore copper goggles and a pink mohawk. But she died. Then, we went and found some traders- it was actually just a talking, standing dog selling ammunition, very casually. After him, we went and raided a collapsed Y'all mart... and we lost two of our people in a vain attempt to loot sugar cakes and cans of nodescript meat.And eventually, after crashing a car over a fissure in the ground and stealing an exterminator's van (Complete with giant plastic ant on the roof), I met Horse.Majestic, fast, valiant... and completely ♥♥♥♥ing insane. Basically, he was a completely naked man who would just neigh, wore a horse mask, and ran twice as fast as other characters. And low and behold, he would become the hero of this story.The last remaining survivor of my original group eventually diedin yet another siege, and for a long time, Horse marched on alone; charing through salvagable areas without even killing a single zombie because he could not swing a weapon. (For those are not arms, but his ""Forelegs""!) But due to some loophole the devs missed, he could shoot a gun and he became wonderous with that shotgun of his.Soon, I went and rescued a big fluffy white dog that took to Horse, and for nearly five days it was those two, riding on in several more cars (One which Horse managed to fix), having highly intelligent conversations between their barks and neighs.Eventually, the dog died in a sewer, trying to protect her equine partner. The dog and the horse- a partnership that wasn't destined to last! But Horse eventually found another companion, a bright purple haired woman with a big pistol that did much of the talking for those last few days.And then Canada, our last objective, came into view. Three sieges happened before, though... and good gods, fear those sieges. Especially when you're Horse.My purple-haired companion perished halfway into the first one (Her pistol was big, but not big enough). Horse survived the second without barely a scratch, running in circles for two hours in game time to avoid the zombies.But the final siege was twice as strong, and, two miles (I think) from his goal, Horse died as he had lived, running endlessly.This is a wonderful, brilliant game that holds plenty of surprises. It's a bit pricey, but it's worthwhile, trust me."
,Recommended,252610,33940734,Posted: 31 July,all,RopeDrink,"At the time of writing this, it's my birthday. I spent 30min browsing Steam Queue to find a game and treat myself. Stumble on DEATH ROAD to CANADA.Boot up the game, begin my first adventure.- Thanks to my main character, we are promptly joined by Gil - a junkyard dog.- After a particularly stressful run through town my group is accosted by a GIANT SPIDER. Rather than *smoosh* it, Gil decides to eat it. Everyone is happy.- Discover a humungous pile of garbage with a pristine can of beans on top. We could climb it. Gil decides it's best to eat the trash pile. Everyone is happy.- Halfway through our glorious road-trip we are accosted by a Quiet Bandit. Gil responds by quietly farting in his direction, which intimidates him into giving us all his stuff. Everyone is happy.- Having ridden around in a busted Ice-cream truck, it eventually breaks down. Gil decides to punch the truck, which squeezes a bit more mileage out of it before it really breaks. Everyone is happy.- Everyone soon notices that someone farted in our new car. Gil, being such an adept smell-detective, not only figures out who it was but actually 'explains' his deductions in full dog-speech. Everyone (but the farter) is happy.- My leader is sporadically eaten after a particularly nasty seige. Gil has now become the group leader, because that is perfectly normal. Everyone is happy.- Make it to the outskirts of Canada and are given ample warning that we're nearing the end of our journey. Rather than be smart and trade our goods for weapons of zombie destruction, Gil tells the traders to ""Cool It"". We are kicked out. Everyone is happy.- Everyone, including Gil, becomes zombie chowder in the final mission. They're no longer happy. But I'm certainly happy to have bought this game.10/10, would recruit a random stray dog again."
76561198008858118,Recommended,252610,25519231,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Roa,I can play as and with Tommy Wiseau.
,Recommended,252610,28130790,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mara,"I have a list that is mostly based on playing with a friend right in the room.Pros:-has a nice style of art, pretty good custom characters-has some pretty jammin' music-few buttons to map but enough things to keep you engaged with those few buttons, really easy to set up your controllers-has several different playing modes, and harder modes to unlock as you beat those-isn't some game that let's you skirt by being a lazy sack, you need to put a little effort to actually win-amusing little dialogue chunks throughout going to CanadaCons:-your co-op partner can be scripted to just... leave...-if one of you dies, your friend might be sitting out for awhile without playing-if you rush out of a room due to a swarm, your friend's character automatically begins to rely on a slow AI trod to that room you went to and there is a good chance they're going to die in there since the AI isn't THAT smart and they still are getting eaten by zombies on a screen you can't even seeI guess what I recommend is that maybe the game can recognise there is more than one player and maybe not make certain events where their character just bails on the story... Also maybe make it so when one player goes in another room, the other person can follow right after so they won't immediately die because they decided to slowly follow.I plan to play this game more, as it has only been a few rounds of dying horribly, but I'm trying to make this work with two people better. Maybe as we get better..."
,Recommended,252610,28804548,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Unlock Liberty,"“ONWARD TO CANADA!”Death Road to Canada(DR2C for short) is a *perma-death* roguelike survival. Your goal: Drive from Florida to Canada in 15 days. During the trip, you will loot & manage resources, train your characters, meet new people, deal with bandits, and make decisions in many other random events.”COOL IT”Lovingly crafted in 3 years, DR2C is full of quirky jokes. On the road you will run into many other survivors. A car of up to 4 jerks. During the trip, you will argue and help each other. Whenever you run into a situation, options available to you will depend on the stats of your party members. A high strength character can fight a bear off. A charming person can sometimes get stuff for free at trader camps. There are also rare characters that have unique personalities, stats, abilities, and their own unique events. You can also make your own characters, and they will sometimes show up in the game. (there are also dogs and cats)Buy NO anime!On the Death Road, you will occasionally find trader camps. The traders are randomized in each camp. Preserved food is used as currency. Sometimes you will even run into rare traders that will trade unique stuff. You need to make very prudent decisions on what to buy and what to sell. When you run out of gas, there is no guarantee that the next trader camp will have a gas trader.”Is the Death Road really as bad as it sounds?”DR2C is brutally difficult and is not for the faint of heart. To survive the Death Road, you need both strategy and luck. DR2C has perma-death, and encourages you to play carefully rather than ruthlessly. The motivation to finish the game doesn’t come from the action itself. Instead, it comes from the story progression, the excitement of getting closer to the Canadian border day by day.tl;drHLTBTakes ~2 hours to go through the entire Death RoadTakes much longer to beat the game because you’ll fail a lotPROS*PERMA-DEATH!!!*The humorGood depthLots of replayability (random events and characters, other game modes)Very fun for local co-opGood soundtrack (10+ tracks)CONSAI is sometimes buggy (Sometimes they get stuck picking up and dropping weapons)fixedMelee becomes useless on the last day, and a high shooting stat is almost essential. A little unfair for strength charactersYour couch friend won’t be able to co-op with you if there is only 1 person in your partyIt can be frustrating at times when you get unlucky"
,Recommended,252610,29861208,Posted: 11 February,all,cheems,"Got DANG is this game unforgiving, one misguided decision and your entire run is ruined. Get the chainsaw or a special character with a strong weapon, try not to lose it/them. Don't have too many animals on the team (unless you're going for ""cheevos""), they can't hold a lot usuallyand most animals can't drive if you run out of humans; only dogs can. Look at your characters' stats and skills: they will help you make key decisions that will make or break your run. Don't lose your car.Pros:• Play as almost anyone: make characters of your friends and family, be a random famous pop culture icon, several different animals. Give custom characters useful perks and skills to balance your team.• Each playthrough feels fresh and unique• Character stats are surprisingly intricate and faithful to the history of roguelikes• Music is pretty killer (although sometimes they loop somewhat less than seamlessly• New team members can be recruited fairly quickly, keeping the gameplay fresh• RNG is your best friendCons:• Weapon stamina works in an unorthodox kind of way, can be obstructive at times• Very easy to get stuck behind rubble or a wall, making yourself easy pickings for a nasty horde• Very easy to completely fk up your game with a single bad decision•jfk this game is fckin hard as hell how do I get past the last seige• RNG is Satan incarnateOverall:good, clean, humorous, soul-crushingly-difficult zombie-killin' character-buildin' fun. Be mindful of your neighbors when you scream after losing."
,Recommended,252610,24861107,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,hellakink,better than no mans sky
,Recommended,252610,34065163,Posted: 6 August,all,Turbo Bird,"Wanted to move to Canada:>found Dracula in a Tomb and became best buds with him>got turned into a dog by some fish alien>got killed while trying to save a pig, pig replaced me later on my team>Pig&Dracula kill, like, 500 zombies together, all while Pig is doing sweet flipsP&D  die while trying to loot an umbrella shop.10/10 best game this season"
76561198040497985,Recommended,252610,24454544,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Millmoss,"This game, like all of Rocketcat's games, is amazing. My surgeon turned out to have horrible medical skills, was the last survivor, and died in the end at the hands of a tidal wave of boiling hot sauce. Also it's basically Oregon Trail but more active and super silly."
,Recommended,252610,30757781,Posted: 26 March,all,alston,-become friend of dog-find a dog-befriend dog-elect dog as leader-travel to canada and fight zombies as a dog-get cornered in a 4 hour siege-die gloriously as a dog
,Recommended,252610,25938177,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,pride,"5 driving days away from CanadaFull squad with guns and good statsGet gas station rescue siegeStart siege and accidentally shoot gas station with cowboy rifleIt explodes killing three of my crew-membersas the last crew-member I complete the siegeI get the NPCProceed to leave the gas station only for there to be one more zombieNPC attempts to smack it, causing a propane tank to explodePropane tank kills me10/10"
76561198000402623,Recommended,252610,24460072,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zombiecat,Earthbound meets Double Dragon meets Oregon Trail.Wonderfully hilarious.+Humor+Great soundtrack+Replayability+The combat-The combatI'll jump straight to the main point...You spend a lot of time fighting in this game so the combat system is gonna make or break the game for you... It's simplistic but you can't exactly button mash your way through. Which is a good thing. Repetitive swings will deplete your stamina so a weaker character will tire fast. It's a fun romp and the humor and soundtrack will win plenty of people over.
76561197974082268,Recommended,252610,30676337,Posted: 22 March,all,cpt_ricard,"Amazing! A little too hard - i.e. I've never made it to Canada. In ANY form. Still waiting for coop, but this developer is one of the best and communicates frequently."
,Recommended,252610,24482310,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Its Just Milk I Swear,"First run of the game.be playing as character Nanc, and her buddy who is a doctor guy.shortly after setting out, a bee flies into the window of the car and won't leave.doctor guy tries to kill it, dies instantly from bee sting.spend most of the early journey alone, until Nanc meets a fisherman guy who only speaks in fishes.later meet a doctor girl, and a big tough guy. go on lots of daring adventures and close calls with the three of them.one day we are robbed by bandits, and big guy intimidates them by saying he'll burn down their bridge. they let us go and he burns down their bridge anyway.later things start going bad, and doctor girl gets peeved. so she bullies big guy out of our group. sad times ahead.car is out of gas and we trying to get a new one. find one but have to get keys from nearby cabin. very full of zombies.too many zombies even with guns, and they overwhelm us. Nanc runs to grab keys and then runs for the car, but fisherman is left behind.see him being devoured as me and doctor lady drive away. his corpse distracted the zombies enough for us to escape.mean doctor lady starts bullying me, and causing problems. she has a meltdown and runs off.Nanc is all alone again, with only a little gas and some ammo. but only 4 days to Canada now.see two survivors need help. use what little ammo i have to help them escape giant horde.they don't want to join. instead offer useless mechanical training.car runs out of gas and have to walk, but there's still hope. only 2 more days until Canada.get attacked by a cat. it doesn't do a lot of damage but makes Nanc feel bad.Nanc performs first aid on herself. not very good at it, because doctors always did it.Nanc kills herself attempting to heal cat wounds. game over.*Updated for that steam award badge!*"
76561198199694117,Recommended,252610,34869407,Posted: 10 September,all,kohokami,"The game is surprisingly entertaining!The game starts off fairly ""easy,"" but slowly becomes harder andd harder. Once you start crossing the border, oh god, it becomes REALLY difficult.--Pros:+ High Replay value. I'm still stumbling onto new events, finding new cars, new weapons, new strategies...+ Detailed: Different traits can elicit different responses. Even dogs have their own events.+ Lots of variations: Characters can be randomized, creating different scenerios and outcomes+ Dogs!! You can play as a dog, OR have a dogo companion.+ Customizable characters: Have fun putting yourself in the game...and see how long you last.+ Humor: There's a bit of humor incoporated into the game, making it fun to play.Cons:- Really, the only con I can think of is that once you reach Canda, it sort of loses the replability and challenge. Reaching Canda took me 60+ hours to do though."
,Recommended,252610,24507415,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DrWard,"Me and my buddy got a dog named easton by giving him food.We sent him to the camp of some strangers to look cute and make sure we would get in, but he farted everywhere and got us kicked out.After a few other adventures, he went crazy, killed my buddy, and ran away in the woods because he was ashamed killing his friend.I miss him."
,Recommended,252610,32834508,Posted: 26 June,all,Frone,it's the kind of zombie game where you can meet a horse-mask wearing man running half naked on the side of the road only to discover he's possessed by Satan himself who wants a slice of pizza...10/10
,Recommended,252610,29678468,Posted: 3 February,all,Mystery Dungeon Explorer,Would not recomend to anyone allergic to having fun.
,Recommended,252610,25993628,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Megaman 2,"This game has everything,Lunk will practice his spin attack in the car if he's unhappy....and kill your team.A goofy clown will transport you to a haunted clown-of-the-dead cabin for a night of terror.Dogs can be thrown into science machines to become dog-men....that will waste all of you ammo.Elvis will threaten the light a bridge on fire and trap a group of people unless they back down...and then he burns it down anyway!The freest man in the world roams on foot at inscredible speed wearing nothing but a horse mask.I can go on and on, but just go see for yourself!  The rare character mode alone is enough for a great game, but when you get creative and add your own characters based on friends/family/popular celebs (I like making a Doc Brown and Rick Sanchez party of custom characters to start a trip), and then if they see me with a dog on the side of the raod you better believe it's going to be an amazing adventure."
,Recommended,252610,24770757,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,God Himself,"This game will make you laugh and cry.It's like Oregon trail but with zombies and humor.First few tries, you don't mind dying but after that you just want to finish so when you do it feels amazing.Pretty dificult sometimes even with the, ""Rare Characters"" mode which makes it easier to find unusual but powerful characters.Make tough choices.Tell people to, ""COOL IT""Tell people to, ""SAY IT DON'T SPRAY IT""Interesting dialogue.Dogs.A Gnome riding a rat.Rob friendly traders because you need supplies.Leave your team members in a horde of zombies so they can probably unwillingly sacrifice themselves for youTell traders that, ""Anime isn't real"" until you stumble upon an anime girl that shoots hearts from a magical wand up until she explodes from becoming increasing kawaii.Get angry when your team mates swap out their good weapons that you gave them for random♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons.Be disheartened when you realize you'll have a hard and frustrating time completing the game because there's only two guides on steam relating to the game.G E T  P U M P E D  U P.Grunt with internal rage when one of your chracters throws a molotov or some kind of bomb and it kill one of your team.(I'd recommend just staying away from molotovs altogether)Surprising amount of character creation customization.Create your family and friends only to have them die in glorious zombie combat because they have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fitness and strength stats.Laugh with glee as you get amazing lucky events such as finding toilet paper.Glance nervously at the clock during a siege because you've been backed into a corner and you're desperate for a way out of the mess you got yourself into.Feel obligated to play this game until you make it to goddamned Canada.Have a party member named Canada so certain dialogue is funny.Get killed by stupid things like climbing a tree and team mates turning out to be STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING TRASH.Get attacked by bees.Get attacked by feral dogs.Get attacked by bears.Get attacked by meese.Get attacked by feral cats.I found this game really enjoyable for the time that I played it, which wasn't really 45 hours, I just happened to leave my PC on overnight a few times with the game open. I told myself that I would play the game more after I initially finished it the first time but when I started a new playthrough right after I actually finished it, I kept thinking I wanted to take a break and play a different game. Still, for $15 dollars this game is to me, a must have because it's 100% worth the experience.10/10 would tell people to  C O O L  I T  again."
,Recommended,252610,25250376,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,dan,"I usually don't write reviews, but this game is different.-be me-someone tells me to buy this game-manage to find 20 bucks lying around somewhere-kcool-start playing, expecting to play for 30 minutes-end up playing for 7 hours more than you intended to-day's almost over-go and do something else-immediately go back to playing it-can't stop won't stop don't want to stop-two days pass-still can't stop playing-GOTTA MAKE IT TO CANADA-looting a town-drive away in a new car you found-demon pops out of the floorboards-proceeds to ask if you have any pizza-damn-offer him some chips-thank god they're pizza flavoured-he seems satisfied-asks who you want to sacrifice-without hesitation choose the newest person-demon gives you big stat boost-ohgodhelp-call amberlamps I can't stop playing10/10 best Oregon Trail esque game I have played in ages. Extremely addictive, Extremely fun."
,Recommended,252610,32751629,Posted: 24 June,all,evosfgamn xd,"oregon trail with zombies and beat em up game in between decisions10 early-game abandoned cars/10+tell people to cool it+recruit talking dogs+have garfield teleport you to a death trap on monday+add your friends and family into the game and watch them inevitably die-no steam cloud-default controls take getting used to, but can be remapped. controllers are supported too"
76561198274976134,Recommended,252610,34172588,Posted: 11 August,all,[sneaky],-Starts new game-Find 3 dogs-Human dies-Thinks its game over-Dogs drive car-Dogs use guns to shoot zombies-almost make it to canada-dogs with guns get swarmed-dogs die-game over10/10 would dog again
,Recommended,252610,30708056,Posted: 24 March,all,Pill Collins,"No dysentery yet, however was rude to a clown which in turn caused a witches morale to drop, resulting in said witch stealing our SUV and most of our supplies the following evening. We set out that morning on foot with the lowest morale yet.As it turns out all the crying and staring at the ground attracted bandits who completely surprised us and forced our group to surrender half our remaning supplies. The result of this was a ragged band of walking shells. No hope, no morale, down to our last supplies and still forced to march on.Then all of a sudden: MIRACLE! A fully stocked base on the horizon. We made it!  We made it......and that's when the feral dogs surrounded us."
,Recommended,252610,24712026,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[XUnK] BrainBoggler,"I very rarely will invest money into a full price pixel art indie game, but this one was well worth the financial risk. There is an immense amount of replayability and gameplay variations spread throughout the game to keep you unaware of you're current time of day. This is something that would also be perfect to have on a 3ds or PS Vita, no doubt.There is a consistent sense of humour spread throughout in this game that does not feel forced in anyway. It's been a while since I've laughed at a video game's content. (Glitches and dumb multiplayer high jinks doesn't count)Yeah, it's a good game. Give it a look!"
,Recommended,252610,29707208,Posted: 4 February,all,TheBurritoBandito,"My party died execpt for the dog, the dog DROVE AWAY. I never want to play anything else ever."
76561198026524724,Recommended,252610,29459899,Posted: 24 January,all,Wandring,"- See character creation has ""friend of dog"" as an option.- Create chibi survivor version of the dog whisperer ""Cesar""- Recruit rotating small army of disposable dogs (and a witch's cat) to scavange and fight for me- Have dog named Quinton save Bruce Lee and is taught Kung Fu as reward- Kung Fu dog Quinton becomes only survivor of nasty hoard attacking alien ship- Surprised (though at this point I shouldn't be) that Quinton learns to drive the car- Using him I finish the quest down ther death road to Canada!* When I own a dog IRL I am going to name it Quinton...10/10 would wrestle sasquatch again."
76561198045324863,Recommended,252610,28800065,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,StayPuff,"Look, just buy the game. It really is amazing. Frustrating yes, unfair at times, ridiculous always, but once you get the hang of it you just want to keep playing until your eyes bleed! In a good way!It has character create so thats cool and meet ""Lonk"" with his ""Moster Sword"" along the road."
76561198044378470,Recommended,252610,33455946,Posted: 11 July,all,...Not This S*** Again,"Currently, my party has a paranoid chick with a minigun which she uses to obliterate moose, a tiny girl that's swoler than bandits chugging protein powder, a fighter that dropped a brand new knight sword for a ***king golf club that snapped on the first hit, and an elderly wizard wearing a grossly disfigured anime girl mask. In a zombie apocalypse....I'll say this game isn't half bad."
76561197994674609,Recommended,252610,31523041,Posted: 3 May,all,Herald_UK,"It's Blue But It Should Definitely Be WibblyDRtCis yet another 8 / 16 bit style game to add to that already burgeoning mountain of 8 / 16 bit style games with zombies, random events, a different game every playthrough and a 99.999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999% chance of the player suffering complete failure. Yet has enough modes and content that 99.999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999% of players will never, ever be bothering to see.What is it with these so called ""roguelikes"" ? And what is it with players of said ""roguelikes"" that makes them see a game with 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% chance of winning as a good game, that's worthwhile spending the time to play?In older, wiser days we used to pass on games with such terrible odds, as a bag of broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that no reasonabley sensible person would even bother spending their ever dwindling days trying to get through. We'd just say, ""bugger that"". And toddle off to the next, more playable thing.Yet somehow by some shear chance these digital masochist simulators have taken a foothold in our hearts. And we rate them equally alongside games that are actually playable and more importantly, games that you can actuallyfinish.And with that said, I know I may have lead you slightly askew with those opening paragraphs. BUT ! I have to sayDeath Road to Canadais nothing short of fantastic. Being somewhat of a zombie survival simulator and is to the genre what your average chihuahua is to the whole canine geneology. It still does the same thing, barks at random stuff, hates anything that's smaller and faster than it. And will♥♥♥♥♥♥in your kitchen at any opportunity. It still has the same content but on an amazingly compressed scale.And it's all the better for it. Like a single player cartoon version of Day Z. You will run around, go places, loot places, meet other survivors, some will join your small group (you can have upto 3 companions), find vehicles which will ultimately either break down or you will run out of fuel; Forcing you to go a little of the way on foot (at least until you find another car, which is usually not that long from where you were forced to abandon your last vehicle), And you will be vulnerable to a loss of morale and even starvation if you run out of food.The gameplay itself is split into two variants. The sections where you are on the road, driving along minding your own business as you are repeatedly hammered with Randomly generated situations. Which are presented to you in boxes of text. These situations are rarely beneficial or good for you or your group. Sometimes they are, but mostly you will be getting♥♥♥♥♥♥on from on high. Which can be terribly frustrating, especially if your supplies are beginning to get a little thin. But it will be guaranteed that all situations will be quirky, funny and brilliantly entertaining.The other section comes in variety of top-down locations for you to explore, trade and meet other survivors. These locations are also generated randomly and come in the form of trading posts, urban areas (with houses and shops and such), supermarkets, shopping malls and a huge array of other areas where you desperately run around trying to grab as many supplies as possible. All before you are surrounded and swamped by the walking dead. Horde size varies with each encounter as does the way they act towards you. I mean, they're always trying to eat you and such. But sometimes they will be idle and sluggish. And on other occasions the dead will be ravenous and hunt you down at a pace that is awesomely scary, considering the games' retro aesthetic.All in game mechanics are really simple and presented beautifully. Such as the flushing of your tiny characters faces when they are tiring from beating zombies to a literal exploding mush. Your characters stats are simple and easy to understand, but improving those stats to make your group members better at certain skills, will be more than a little difficult. And that's IF you can keep them alive long enough to do so.Your characters are randomly generated at the start of the game (normal mode), as well as a buddy, should you choose to start with one. Or you can create your own characters to ride to Canada with. You have quite a few different save slots with which to create your survivors and any that you don't start with have a slight chance of turning up on your journey, which you can then have join your group. There's even some special appearences of more familiar faces and random special characters. In one playthrough I came across a wonderful cheeky rip-off ofLinkfrom theZeldagames. And then on another occasion I hired a gnarly old witch at a camp site. All specials do seem to kick more than your average♥♥♥♥♥and are always worth taking on as a member. There's also dogs to invite here and there. Cats too, and I'm sure there's even a goat to take onboard. Though I haven't personally come across one as yet.Top all this off with a massive array of weapons, vehicles and zombies to smash, shoot or run over and you've got a phenomenal recipe for fun and frolics in the zompocalypse.The music is fast paced, bright and fun, completely offsetting the dismal subject matter. All adding to what is a proper fun title to have in your library. This is very much theZ Nationof zombie video games.However. Carrying on from my opening words, I do feel that the harsh RNG nature can kill the fun of it a little. As you can just be hammered and hammered and hammered and hammered, from start until death. Which starts to get a bit off putting after a while. As you can start to feel that your gametime is a completely pointless venture. Which is a shame as everything else works so beautifully together. As I've been playing I have had reminicent flashbacks ofSecret of Mana(orSeiken Densetsu 2if you're going to be a picky purist lol). There's just something there that reminds me heavily of that legendary game. But still that RNG does unfortunately dampens the spirit somewhat. And it's because of this that I'm a bit doubtful of getting behind a positive recommendation 100%.But yeah. If you see it on sale and want to give it a go, then do so. It is incredible fun while you're not getting beaten down by events that are completely out of your control. Events that no amount of player skill can overcome. But try it anyway, see if you can make the 15 day journey to the Canadian border. It's sure to be one heck of a ride. Even if it is near impossible to do so.10 / 10 for gameplay design, awesomely well thought out mechanics and music4 / 10 for the overly harsh RNG that for me, spoils what would potentially be a classic and a wonderful addition to the retro gaming scene."
,Recommended,252610,32899290,Posted: 27 June,all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"Death Road to Canada is a mix between zombies and Oregon Trail.The overall objective is to get to Canada. Along the way you will be faced with hordes of zombies, events, etc. Not to mention red-shirts. I mean- companions that will help you along the way. Each one of these 'companions' have their own set of skills and outlook. They aren't just copy and paste. The world is randomly generated so each place doesn't feel the same which is pretty cool.You can create your own party members as well and share them which is a pretty neat feature. This game obviously has a ton of RPG elements which like in most RPG's those choices can either help you or hinder you. Sometimes you will be faced with moments you can't even ignore and have to make a choice. Other times you will face a ""horde"" which requires you to survive within a given timeframe.The game also controller support which is nice.It's a fun little game that I recommend."
,Recommended,252610,32695110,Posted: 23 June,all,Resident Kola,"Didn't make it to Canada. Coming from a Canadian who doesn't really need to play this game since he lives in the ""Last remaining nation on Earth"" already.10/10"
,Recommended,252610,33434640,Posted: 10 July,all,jamsspinle,"Even if you're not into the whole zombie survival genre, this game's humor is worth it alone."
76561198072897400,Recommended,252610,28459982,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Razor Volare,"One More For The RoadWhen I first saw this game before release, I thought it was ok.After the Dog Release Trailer, I was very intrigued.Then Vinny from Vinesauce and his ""virtual-self who will never see Canada due to everything killing him"" sold it for me.I love this game. This game, without a doupt, has that ""One more go and I'll stop but you keep playing"" hold on you. The combat reminds me of Dark Souls where you must pace yourself. The music is catchy and will put you in a good mood no matter how bad your day IRL was. The comedic outcomes of events are fantastic, showing that this whole journey is for the fun then for the zombie drama. The characters will always make you laugh with the stupid stuff they get into, even in death. It's just wonderful.The game has a few flaws but nothing a patch won't fix like AI characters geting stuck juggling duplicate weapons on the ground, items on Y'all Mart shelfs not being clearly visiable for picking up, not knowing what day it is (looking at you Monday) and not being able to ""Always Be Looting"" whenever you wish. Overall, this game worth every can of food. If I were to suggest a few things to add to this game-3DS/Vita PortsI need this on the go, please!4 Player Online/MMO Co-Op2 Player Local Co-Op is nice but I don't have anyone to play with. Online would help. While your at it, bump it up to 4 players for more mayhem. Prehaps while playing Online we may bump into another player who needs help and team up for a bit.Rare Character Select and More Rare CharactersI feel once a rare character is found, you should be able to play as them when starting up a new game, but only in the mode they were found in. (i.e Found Lank in Rare Mode, Lank is playable in all Rare Mode Options.) The current selection of Rare Characters is hillarious but we need more; like Doomguy, Issac, Mayro, Sanic, Puc-Man, The L4D and Dead Island Survivors, the Protect-Me Knights/Gotta Protectors, Fazbear & Friends, Robbie Rotten, and more!More Rare RidesJust more please. I could list so many; The Time Travaling DeLorean, Mad Max's Machine, Classic Ecto 1, The Bat Mobile, Santa's Sleigh, Cars from Wacky Racers, TF2 Sniper's Camper Van, The Flintstone's Car, Thomas the Tank Engine's Bertie Bus (Hell thrown in Thomas as well cause why not?), and more!No Hitch-hikers Allowed ModePick 1-4 characters and they will be the only ones you can play with.USA Tour ModeTour ALL 50 States before reaching Canada. Starting in Florida and ending in Alaska; To Canada or Bust.More Custom Character OptionsMore Heads, Hairs, Skin tones, Body sizes, Misc, Clothing, Perks, Save slots, and more please! Also, Saveable Stats, Choice of starting weapon, and an option for Rare Perks earned by Rare Characters (or least they bump a perk up to 4 stars).More AnimalsI wanna see more crazy animals to team up with or even ride. Ask Jontron if his ""Robotic bird"" Jacques can be put in to shoot zombies with his lazor beam eyes.More ZambiesDon't take that too literal, I'm more refering to more looks and even ""Speical Infected"". Custom Zombie Maker, maybe?Level EditorAn option to make our own maps that may randomly generate into the mix of places to visit.Seriously, worth every can of food so far, keep up the good work."
76561198168966627,Recommended,252610,34978650,Posted: 15 September,all,SageL,"I can proudly say this is one of the BEST games I own.Amazing soundtrack,Amazing gameplay,Incredible re-playability.Just get this game."
76561198010992007,Recommended,252610,24525377,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Millionsandwiches,"This is a really fun game, especially for what it seems like on the surface. Both the pixel art and the zombies are done with enough charm and care that I enjoyed ever single event! The Rare Characters mode is also a treat, as an already-lighthearted game swerves into gleeful absurdity at times. This is a fantastic way to spend a few hours at a time!"
,Recommended,252610,34206514,Posted: 12 August,all,Friendly Idiot,You can tell an anime salesman that anime isn't real.100/100The ultimate gaming experience.
76561198079581742,Recommended,252610,24995191,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheFinalBurrito,Never in my life have I seen a pug lift a Hot Dog car and throw it at a horde of zombies to protect Elvis and Macho Man. Then I played this.10/10100/100Best game
,Recommended,252610,24492481,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Luna,"I was skeptical about the price, but I feel that it was well worth it.I had fun going through my first run, although many people died along the way (aka my gf and a hunky luchador).Despite that, I managed to make it to the final seige with my leader but died at the final moment.The humorous dialogue, simple albeit fun combat, and random events kept me entertained.I'll be sure to play more, as each run leaves a different flavour.8/10Note: I had only experienced one crash during the game, which had little effect on my playthrough. I hope they fix it for future and current consumers."
,Recommended,252610,29187922,Posted: 11 January,all,SkullChips: The Movie,"Death Road to Heart AttackThis here is a short quirky like zombie survival story with packed replayability with the multiple modes you can choose to activate for your run.No one cares about the rest though because there is one mode that will make you think you are dying!In DR2C there is a mode that allows you to create avatars with limited visual cusomization paired with an expertise or something like that and a trait option. YOU CAN MAKE YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMIRY! SO I myself did so. The mode called familiar faces made it so the charac ters you would encounter would first pull from the pool of all your ""friends and family.""In short I went on an adventure with familiar peoples in an intense situation. There were laughs, we would argue. At times we wouldn't speak to each other, or maybe we would discuss art and the moon nonstop. The characters attitude variations may not be exact on point, but when you see it, it is close enough. I felt their fear and screams as we lost our car to bandits, when we were chased to our new graves inside that damn bar. I have PTSD now 10/10 this♥♥♥♥♥♥is better than the christopher walkin dead!!!"
76561198017078504,Recommended,252610,24780445,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,creeperCarole,"Ok, so I've played Death Road to Canada for several runs now... I've never made it to Canada. My teams are intensely dysfunctional. Especially since I'm playing my family. It's amazing how many times I've cut and run and left my husband as bait...This game is just too weird and funny. I still don't know what happens if I wrestle a moose. I'm too scared!"
76561198053342641,Recommended,252610,33919934,Posted: 30 July,all,Madcat,Killed by eploding anime girl
76561198149468155,Recommended,252610,26465175,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,XFadedFoil,"This is it, I'll make it to Canada this time!*Starts game*""There aren't any items! I can't feed this group of 3!""*2/5 of the way through the game*""Wow! The start was not so good but it's just getting better! It's almost as if the game is working with me!""*3/5 of the way through the game*""I can't believe it! I have a team of four and tons of supplies! This should last me the entire Death Road!""*4/5 of the way through the game*""The final siege? I got this!""""NO! MY PARTY! WHY DID YOU ALL HAVE TO DIE!""""I... I survived the final siege! The trip to Canada lives on!I-I wonder what's next?""*pretty much 5/5 of the way through the game*""Wait. This is the final fight? All I have to do is avoid the hundreds of zombies, cross the bridge that leads to Canada and then get the to checkpoint tower that is the safe guard!I can do this, I know I can do this...""*Has to calm himself down for 5 minutes before he starts*""Here we go!""*Starts the final battle**Starts dodging all of the zombies**Hope in his eyes*""I... I CAN SEE THE SNOW!""*Giant 4 zombie thick wall blocks the path while zombies are chasing from behind*""I'm going to run through it! This is the final stand! It definitely wouldn't be smarter to shoot them with my shotgun!""*Runs at zombies attempting to run through them**Dies instantly**Cries himself to sleep that night*Play the game already so you can experience something equally as painful. I also recommend you nominate this game for one of the best game awards."
,Recommended,252610,24567189,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bu Bu Desu Wa,I got this game 2 days ago and I have played basically non stop. It's fun. The replayability is great and the game is highly addictive
,Recommended,252610,33780353,Posted: 24 July,all,masterwriter42,"Quite possibly the most fun I've ever had killing zombies, and I've been doin' it since the original Alone In The Dark. The sheer amount of content, possibilities, replay value, and comedy make this a must own for anyone who digs the whole ""Oregon Trail, but with somehow even more dead things"" vibe. It's hard, but rarely does it feel unfair. There's plenty of opportunities to fail, but dying just means you get to start your journey over again. You'll get attached to your pixelated party of zed zappers, you'll cheer when something finally goes your way, eventually you'll get good enough at it to make it to canada, you'll die an awful lot of times before you see so much as a moose, and you'll almost certainly have fun. Most importantly, the devs are dedicated as heck to this game, it's been over a year and they're still cranking out regular content updates, and the game was already more packed than most big name zombie games at launch. If you got far enough down the page to reach the reviews, you should already be on the Death Road. Support devs who love their fans and their games enough to still be at it a year later, we need more teams like this on here!"
,Recommended,252610,25500550,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Undying86,My most enjoyable playthrough so far was leading a band of dogs as a dog myself in the dog car from Dumb and Dumber. We survived longer than expected but never made it close to Canada. This game gets real weird at times but is always enjoyable. 9 out of 10!
,Recommended,252610,24564161,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Natt,"I been playing this game on and off my stream for a couple days now. I been hosting races as well. I bought this game blindly over the simple fact that the name spoke to me, and I am glad I did. With me being a huge zombie fan and actually moving to Canada in a month I just had to get it. Every run I have of this game I am smiling, laughing, or genuinely worried.Now let's talk about the game. It's very fun! Like Oregon Trail but with the action sequences reminding me of Gauntlet or any over the top action game. I never truly feel safe, which is a good thing. Anything can happen, for example, have a lot of food? Well sorry you had a hole in your bag. Doing okay on health? Feral cats attack. The humor and randomness make this game feel unique. The game is simple and easy to learn but hard enough that I failed every run thus far. I encountered a few issues here and there but nothing game breaking, I considered it apart of the adventure.When I first streamed this game my viewers loved it and a few purchased it. They been playing a lot and not one of them has anything really negative to say. So this review is technically coming from 7 or so people. Out of what I seen between us all, none of us have gotten further then day 1 remaining and the variety makes each trip special. We all made each other in the cute character creator and go on the adventure with another. It gives us stories and funny screen shots to share. We all love Death Road To Canada!TL:DR I turned into a Dogataur would highly recommend! 10/10 Poutines."
76561198064817350,Recommended,252610,28850329,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Peby,Like Organ Trail but you get to play more of a role in surviving.
76561197972145759,Recommended,252610,26057909,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,mechanik7 ||NADES||,"This game is hilarious, frantic, and full of carnage.  I love it!"
76561198046128011,Recommended,252610,31752860,Posted: 14 May,all,SF_B16B34R,"It's a good game, but it can sometimes feel unfair.This is because no matter how hard you plan, how efficient you are with your supplies, and how well equipped your characters are, there is always an unkown element. Something can always go wrong, and sometimes you can do nothing to avoid it.If you've ever played Oregon Trail, it's slightly similar. The game shifts between actual gameplay, which consists of exploring randomly generated ""towns"" with randomly generated ""buildings"" you can enter, explore, and loot, and driving in a car (no gameplay) on your road to Canada and this is where the unknown element comes in.Your characters can argue amongst each other, or you can run into a group of bandits who'll demand all your supplies, or you get jumped by a horde of zombies, etc. These random encounters will debilitate your squad. Thus, as I mentioned earlier, there is a large element of luck involved in actually completing a successful playthrough as even the most well prepared can still die from one random encounter. Many if not most or even all of these random encounters can be ""dealt with"" if you have the required skill check (for example, if your car breaks down, but you have a high level mechanic, then you can fix the car) but chances are you won't, as each character is able to specialize in maybe one or two skills and there are countless random encounters the game has to choose from. This unexpectedness and dynamic story-telling is good (towns and buildings and runs are always different and new) in some ways, but it's TOO uncontrollable. It can really make you feel powerless at times and, again, unfair. In my opinion, much of the gameplay is too reliant on RNG and not actual skill and knowledge of the game.All in all it's a solid game with good features. You can make your own survivor, complete with cute aesthetics and a special set of positive and negative traits to choose from to really give your character some personality. Gameplay is also well-balanced and flows well. Perfect balance between quick, casual, jump in jump out play sessions, and also long, intense, gaming marathons. At the beginning, when you're first getting used to the mechanics, you will get party-wiped pretty often, so you don't have to invest too much time as you'll be restarting every few minutes however once you're comfortable and surviving longer, single runs can last up to 90, 120, even 180 minutes. Sound short? Well like I said you'll die a lot, so getting that far is an achievement in itself, and plus it's designed to have maximum replayability so you'll surely sink many hours into this title.Much funner with a friend. With co-op in mind, this definitely gets a thumbs up from me.78/100PS follow ""Convert Your Significant Other!"" or CoYoSiOt, my Steam Curator page, if you're interested in finding good games with an emphasis on cooperative play and accessibility to convert your significant other! Does your loved one complain about your gaming habits? Says you spend too much time and money on steam? Worry not! Follow my page and I guarantee you'll both be spending twice as much time and money on gaming than ever before! Everybody wins! You win, your lover wins, and Steam wins!"
,Recommended,252610,30760083,Posted: 26 March,all,budwik,"One more time, we said. It would be quick, we said. 9 hours later we finally made it to Canada, almost a little sad it was over. Great job guys.EDIT: ....okay so next thing I know my wife and I have logged more hours in this than all the other reviews so I thought I should update the review.At 9 hours, it was fun. at 57 hours, we have now realized this game is a near perfect co op experience. communication is essential when you start playing on later difficulties, and it has a great blend of 'dice roll' style choices where you know that one is 'better' than the other, but inherent in the choice is still the risk it may not go your way. we still haven't encountered every 'on the road' choice, and every play through feels totally fresh. Looking forward to continued updates from the developers (hint hint) but really we can see ourselves playing this for months to come.for those wondering, we've had probably 50-70 play-throughs, and still have only beat the game 8 times. highly suggested 2 player game!only request: PLEASE add 4 player support. This would add immense value to the game. otherwise, again...great job guys."
,Recommended,252610,24454431,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Uncle Hang,The zombies didn't really bother me very much at all - but during the first night fellow human beings shanked me.  Accurate simulation of near-Canadian experience!  10/10 would be shanked near Canada again.
76561198067585209,Recommended,252610,24937978,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Rhummy721,"I thought I was in for an average zombie survival experience. Then Thor himself descended upon the sky to aid me in my adventure, only to be devoured in a parking lot three days later.10/10"
76561198055165405,Recommended,252610,34674088,Posted: 1 September,all,mtownsend509,"One of my favorite games. Can be cut up into 20 minute runs, and there's a wide variety of encounters and results. Huge emphasis on comedy."
76561198165223920,Recommended,252610,31138229,Posted: 14 April,all,Quite Possibly Eddie The Head,- Started a road trip with Lenin and Duke Nukem- Lenin's body was used as bate so Duke Nukem could escape-Duke Nukem met up with Friedrich Engels and they went meant Elvis Presely in a bar- When the car broke down we gave half of our ammo to the bandits and lost half of our food to a bear.- After a desperate run to a car Engels was left behind.- Elvis Presely and Duke Nukem were cornered in an alleyway and fought off the horde with golf clubs while the sabaton song Sparta blasted through my headphones.- Elvis and the Duke died like Spartans except with golf clubs.480BC/10 King Leonidas recommends.Elvis and Duke were 2 swole 2 control.
,Recommended,252610,25829366,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Spent Parch,"Be weary those who enter. This game could just be harder than any other game that exist. Everything will be going fine for the first 7 driving days to Canada, but then, everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥The car ran out of gas.I stubbed my toe.A bee flew into the car.Your favorite survivor steals everything and abondons the group.A demon possesses a survivor and demands food.Bandits with guns demand all your food, gas, medical supplies, and personal belongings.A magical genie appears then turns out to be one of those evil genies.Half you group dies a few days before they arrive at the boarder to Canada.But man it feels awesome when you beat the game.Until you realize you were on easy mode.But this game still outbeats anything on my steam play time list."
76561197988858853,Recommended,252610,34154836,Posted: 10 August,all,#Blazerafe#,Still not made it to Canada.....totally fine with that.
76561198020571618,Recommended,252610,30952321,Posted: 4 April,all,Nobody Special,"> Last member of team alive, at low moral and nearly dead.> Find a schoolgirl surounded by zombies, looks like there's no hope.>Schoolgirl turns into an magical anime girl. Zombonies don't stand a chance.>Magical girl Arla-chan joins the team.>Arla finds medical supplies like mad and heals up former last survivor.>Arla-chan's ugui eyes grow even bigger and sparkle even more from anime amazingness and love.>Food runs out. Former boring old survivor leaves team from a loss of all hope.>Arla-chan goes it alone, killing every zombie-senpi.>Arla-chan's face begins to melt.>Arla-chan looks horrifying.>More zombie slaughter. This isn't as amazing as it started. I'm kinda terrified of Arla-Chan now.>It's okay. it ends soon. Arla-chan explodes, shreding the car with shrapnals of anime and manga.>The journy to canada dies in a rain of heart beams.10/10 would die via melting eldrich waifu again."
,Recommended,252610,26300105,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Psychedvm,"On my first game, I randomly generate two people: Amir and DukeAmir, the leader, dies the second day when he gets swarmed.Duke escapes, aloneDuke recruits ""not quite a doctor-doctor"" DanicaThey adventure for a couple daysCar runs out of gasThey find sweet muscle carThey recruit Bill Nye, a skilled and civilized medic. They find him picking his noseThen the three immediatly find Tommy Wiseau in a haunted houseThey raid an arcade, and spend the next few hours there.They raid yall mart and a furniture store.At the furniture store, the muscle car will not start and they are forced to abandon the sweet blue car.The weather is horrid. They lose moraleThey find a miserably long load and lose moraleThey think they see a car that might workDuke and Danica die, at the same moment, both barfing after being killed by zombiesBill Nye is the new leaderBill Nye is killed seconds later, barfing, after being killed by zombiesTommy Wiseau is the new leaderFinds a small, but nice car.Escapes aloneThe car runs out of gas, Forcing Tommy Wiseau to walkHe is mauled by a feral catHe finds a rock that looks like a carFinds a hybrid car and batteryHe loses car keys in an alligators mouthHe wrestles the gatorThe gator wins, and takes a big biteTommy Wiseau has been killed...Canada/10"
,Recommended,252610,25346689,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The Amazing Potatomania!,"I still haven't beaten it once, but man is it fun!"
,Recommended,252610,30065673,Posted: 20 February,all,Blue Hinter,"First playthrough:  Was doing fine until we came across a goat, and I made the mistake of inviting him into the party. He immediately kicked and killed my lead character, was a jerk to everybody else in the car, and refused to leave the party when I came across another far more useful survivor. He refused to wield any useful weapons (preferring to drop them at the most inopportune times when we were being swarmed by zombies.) As he was the only character with any health left, I posted him on guard while the rest of the party slept, and he immediately fell asleep allowing all of our food and medical supplies to get stolen. Dangerously low on morale and health, he caused a huge argument that caused us to run off the road straight into a massive swarm of zombies, who massacred everyone but the goat. The goat then decided he didn't care two ☠☠☠☠s about Canada, and proceeded to walk off into the sunset. This is actually the closest I've come to winning the game so far.10/10 - Would have my entire party killed by an evil backstabbing goat again."
,Recommended,252610,29385374,Posted: 20 January,all,RASCAL,"I should probably mention that I've only played 8.7 hours and I've only ever played Familiar Characters Mode, so I haven't fully explored the game yet, but from what I've played, I can say it's one of my most favorite games of 2016. The gameplay is extremely fun and never seemed to grow boring, the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic, and the graphics are brilliant. And even though I haven't played it as much recently, I still have the soundtrack stuck in my head. If you've played games like Oregon Trail or Super Amazing Wagon Adventure and enjoyed them, you will enjoy this. I recommend this game fully, I fail to see how anybody could hate this game after playing it. There are so many different modes which just adds more playability. I feel like there could be more customization, but for what they have right now is great. Overall a great game and definitely in my top 5 games for 2016, highly recommend for anybody."
,Recommended,252610,30933419,Posted: 3 April,all,Lulu,"Essentially a more interactive version of The Oregon Trail. Buy only, and I meanONLYif you are okay with RNG heavily impacting your experience. it's a pretty fun game full of some hilarious scenarios. Certainly fun but not for everyone, as it can lead to frusteration and annoyance easily.-/+ I'd say it's 75% luck and 25% skill. You shouldn't go into this game expecting to have control over your experience. Some people have over 30 hours on this game and haven't beat it once while others have less than 4 and have beat it multiple times. No matter how much ""skill"" you claim to have, it doesn't matter. This game is hit or miss in terms of winning. You get a lucky run or you don't.- The AI is fairly stupid, as they will constantly get themselves killed by doing stupid things (one of my followers got us killed by shooting a propane tank point-blank.) They will repeatedly get themselves trapped and die in easily avoidable situations. I found it less maddening to start the game without a companion, but sometimes the game forces you with one anyways. Even though companions drain your resources and drive you insane, there is no way to force them to leave your party unless they die during missions or become replaced.+ The characters and situations you get into on this game are quite funny. My party has had more harm done to them by insects than actual zombies. I was attacked by bees and ants many times. I'd also like to note that I've run into a witch, an anime girl that became so overcome by her own kawaii nature that she imploded into a disgusting monster that was barely recognizable as the little girl she once was. I found myself laughing at a lot that this game had to offer.+ Gameplay during missions is fun and simple. There are load of weapons to use, from simple branches to flamethrowers, that are quite satisfying to use against the undead hordes. There is also a great variety of situation types, such as siphoning gas from junkyards or saving a dog from a zombie-ridden apartment. Quite fun.It's not perfect, and it certainly is not for everyone, but it is worth a try for those who are fans of these types of games. I personally don't like it too much, but I can see why some people would. It's definately unique and offers a lot for the price."
76561198129228546,Recommended,252610,26681013,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tsar Andrei,">Start game with paranoid mechanic and car nut surgeon>Raid yall-mart, get food and gas>uneventful few days>Surgeon dies, paranoid guy (me) uses as distraction and escapes>Guy with horns shouts at me>I offer him a bag of chips>He spits pixie dust at me>My skin is red and I get a Devil spear>Keep driving, confused>Run into crashed UFO where there is a CIA agent and an alien>CIA agent gets killed by zombies, he isn't getting that raise.>Aliens must taste good, Alien is devoured>I poke zombies with my fork>that fork is really powerful>I make it to Canada's border>Make it to other side>Nobody notices I am Satan>Profit10/10 would inhale pixie dust again"
76561198025084572,Recommended,252610,34075236,Posted: 6 August,all,Flethro,"""It's about the ride.""Yep, cos you ain't gettin there alive, son.You'd be insane to try and reach Canada. Here's your shotgun.10/10"
,Recommended,252610,33209879,Posted: 3 July,all,jive5turkey,"Death Road to Canada is a great, but difficult Oregon Trail-like about traveling to Canada during the zombie apocalypse. It's full of adventure, crazy characters, random events and witty humor.  If you're looking for a difficult, fast paced, random event game, this is a good one."
,Recommended,252610,31328774,Posted: 23 April,all,Mistrian,One of my favourite aspeccts of this game is the character creation. The ability to go in and make all of my friends into cutesy little zombie-slaying machines makes me feel all warm and fuzzy.tan atta taaaaaannnnnnn.
76561197991803312,Recommended,252610,34050936,Posted: 5 August,all,trevor_risdal,I beat it after 5 hours.  I played those 5 hours in one sitting.  I never do that.  Its addictive.  My last run I was lucky.  As you play through more and more you learn from a lot of your mistakes. Combat is soo enjoyable.  It is simple but tactial in a way.  It was an epic experience.
,Recommended,252610,34273094,Posted: 16 August,all,Jarazz,"This is by far one of the most fun and silly games to play and i LOVE it, the characters and storys are complete bafoons half the time and that just makes it all the more fun to play every now and then. Ive played this game several times and let me just say this is one of the BEST Indie games ive ever played. If youre looking for comedy with a side of fun and adventure (and zombies) then come play this game."
76561198047609043,Recommended,252610,25581966,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Loli Princess,"The only game in existence that could make the apocalypse look like the funniest thing in the world.And I really mean it, the soundtrack is glorious and betrays the whole atmosphere of the game.Surrounded by zombies? This catchy tune will help you numb the pain.No fuel for your car? How about something upbeat, so you won't think about your invetiable demise?Swarmed by an army of zombies and no bullets left? Time for a groovy tune, to serve as your funeral song.10/10It also contains magical girls, dogs that wield machetes, Not Link nor Lonk and much more."
76561198135636008,Recommended,252610,27730054,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Canadian Gold,"Very Fun Co-op play, even more fun when your stuck with the dog lover perk and thats all you can find, Dogs with Guns"
,Recommended,252610,29809125,Posted: 9 February,all,zachthewhack,"Death Road to Canada is an amazing game where you attempt to take a car full of jerks to the Canadian border so they can live out their blissful existence free from the American zombies. Along the way, you'll find talking dogs, kawaii Anime girls, and a buttload of other crazy characters that make the game ridiculously entertaining. There is a lot of replay value and though I haven't tried co-op yet, that seems quite entertaining as well. I'd like to include an anecdote, but instead I'll just list a few things that have happened to me in this game in the few hours I've played it:[SOME SPOILERS]-Had a character possesed by a Demon-Met an Alien who helped us blast through undead-Had a character die because they attempted to pull out a loose tooth-Had a moose chuckle at my characters, then kill them-Told too many people to ""cool it""-Opened way too many toilets, expecting too much each time-Had my dreams of reaching Canada destroyed before my eyesI've yet to reach Canada (my most recent playthrough was my closest, with my Demon-Possesed Debutante reaching the final mission before becoming zombie chow) so it is challenging but after a brief break, I always return to the game, telling myself that I will make it ""this time.""EDIT: After 14 hours, I finally made it to Canada with my custom character (Hank) and a whole lotta luck.8/10 Recommended."
,Recommended,252610,34492357,Posted: 25 August,all,the ladies go oof,"The only game that I actually want to buy the soundtrack-and it's not there. If they could install splitscreen, online multiplayer, and and a lot more road events, I would give it a 10/10. Some people hate this game simply because of the ""out of place"" music and/or the extreme difficulty. However, the difficulty IS to the near max, expecially when you get to the extreme difficulties (yes, that's what they're called). The point of the game is to learn, not to succeed almost every time. This game is trial and error. No doubt that you will die by zombies or bandits on your first, hmm, 20 tries on the easiest difficulty. This game is for you if you want a REAL challenge, no kidding, and if you want much anticipation and lots of payoff. Overall, a great time consumer, although still filled with soon to be fixed bugs. This game has been out for a year now, of August, 2017. The $15 price tag may be a little risky, since this game is no doubt for everyone.8/10As in a mini ESRB age rating, for those soccer moms not wishing to corrupt their child, this game would be rated ""T"" (13+) for minor profanity such as ""crap,"" many zombie guts when they are killed, and pixelated blood splattering when a human player or AI dies. When you are hit, you may start to bleed a little. The pixel graphics really bring down the gore, and help with keeping your mental stability to not whack everyone with a spiked baseball bat.Keep your head up in the Death Road, will ya, sonny-don't wanna sweep yer organs up.     -Yee"
,Recommended,252610,27590432,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sly,"Best game I have ever played in my life.Classic Graphics.Random, Unpredictable makes this game extremely addictive.EXTREMELY Challenging! This game is definatly a game to get good at, Leaves a great challenge for players.Unique Skill Leveling.PERFECT GAME."
,Recommended,252610,27980611,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tim_the_slipperman,"This is an awesome game! If you like zombie games, retro pixel games, and 'Oregon Trail' type adventure games, you'll enjoy this one very much!"
,Recommended,252610,24532504,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Amberlamps,"used the custom character creator to make the Saint of Killersgoing to try a solo runfound Lunk on the third day, said ""why not"" and took him with methree or four days later i'm carving through zombies with the master sword while the Saint rains lead down from the rearsense of overwhelming victory fades when the Saint is eaten, Lunk barely escapes, and is shortly cornered by about 200 zombies in a building and devoured11/10"
76561198130377550,Recommended,252610,29435717,Posted: 22 January,all,DynamicFlight,"Great Game, My Experience Was: get a chick named Dung, get another chick whoms name I forget, find a dude named neil, run in a sewer with all 3 without me killing a single zombie, try to bargain with bandits and make a distraction, Dung joins the bandits attacking 2 others and ditches us, i find freaking Gordon Freeman himself (Or Gordo according to the game.), he dies, we find a camp with a goat named jocellyn, recruit the goat, the CWNIF dies with Gordo's stuff, i transport the items with the goat back to the car, we go to a deadly yall-mart, Neil dies while trying to leave and leaving jocellyn to drive thecar, jocellyn drives away, game over because aparently goats can't drive and jocellyn lost interest going to canada.10/10 would let goat drive again"
,Recommended,252610,29089658,Posted: 7 January,all,madwurst,"My grandma wrestled a moose, then wrestled an alligator just because she could and then accidentally died from pulling two teeth out because she read about it in a comic. 12/10! It definitely needs achievements, but it's awesome as it is."
,Recommended,252610,25382827,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,typhy,contains memes and anime
76561198072374291,Recommended,252610,31964746,Posted: 25 May,all,"EAGLIA, KING OF THE EAGLES","this game inspired me to rip Monday off my calendar, put on shades and a clashing beret, and tell everyone in my life to ""COOL IT"" while throwing chairs around the room until i was sweating PROFUSELY!!!!!20/10 game, the new and improved oregon experience, now with too much swole to control. buying it for my two remaining friends as we speak. if you disagree, i humbly suggest that you SAY IT, DON'T SPRAY IT. heh. later, dinks.P.S. El Satan is best jerk.P.S.S. the answer is always ""COOL IT"""
76561198027212551,Recommended,252610,24454597,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,thebobster,"I like how the dog gets a name, but the clown doesn't."
76561197995982940,Recommended,252610,32889447,Posted: 27 June,all,BeardSoup,"Great little game, so addictive!"
76561198078030686,Recommended,252610,24537600,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Not Zilon,"A very fun game, but not without it's faults.While I enjoy each run I do, mostly due to the excellent soundtrack and humor, I've yet to actually reach Canada, though. Pretty much every time I get to the last day I've been stopped by an overwhelmingly huge siege of zombies in a tiny room, and my team dies pretty quickly afterwards. Not sure if the final massive wave is a set event or if I'm just unlucky, since my sample size is admittedly pretty small. It might be this game's version of Oregon Trail's river challenge, but unlike dodging rocks on a river, a siege of that size seems kinda impossible to complete.I get that it's a survival game (which is one of the main things keeping me from becoming frustrated with bad RNG,) but I feel like the difficulty curve makes it really hard to recommend this to a general audience. If you're a results-driven person who needs to win to have fun or feel a sense of accomplishment, I think this game would be very frustrating. If you're okay with just seeing how far you can get and letting the trip ride out while enjoying some excellent music, I think you'd have a pretty good time. That said - even while I enjoy the journey, I feel like my best runs would be much more satisfying if I actually felt as if I had any chance of succeeding near the end. I have a really fun time playing, but it's sort of disappointing to have a run where you play/manage your resources well to only have the game tell you ""nah, not this time, buddy.""What I'm saying is, it's a fun game, and a good way to burn some time, but could be a lot more satisfying with a rebalance patch or a casual mode. Either could make the game much more accessible, I think."
,Recommended,252610,32846464,Posted: 27 June,all,mtyms818,"This is a corny, adventerous, and difficult game built for those who inheret both luck and skill. Runs on even my potato flawlessly, has no microtransactions, multiple characters, skills, perks, modes, cars, and custom characters (do I really have to say more? Find the rest ingame!). I suggest you get this game while it's on the summer sale (ends July 5th in 2017), as the game is reduced by about 5 dollars. Worth every cent I payed, and replayable to a huge extent!"
,Recommended,252610,30827726,Posted: 29 March,all,jo,"> Started a new game with a black mechanic named ""Tyrone""> Tyrone befriended ""Sarah"" a random Fighter> Sarah stole Tyrone's food and abandoned him> While driving Tyrone found a cloaked figure named ""Woof""> Woof joined my group> Tyrone and Woof become good friends> Tyrone gets eaten> Woof has to move on without his friend> While in a mall Woof is cornered by a large zombie horde> Woof ""dies""> Turns out Woof is really 3 dogs in a trench coat> Dogs escape the mall unharmed> Woof finds a truck with dog ears and wiskers on it> Woof and his pals decide to go into a dark bunker> Woof's pals become zombie food> Woof finds the America Canada border----Spoilers----> Woof runs through the large horde of zombies defending the border> Woof finds mounties from Canada standing at the border with beavers and a moose> Canadians and Woof are cornered at the border> Mounties call in the ""big guns""> MECHA MOUNTIE FALLS FROM THE SKY SHOOTING LASERS FROM HIS EYES DESTROYING ALL ZOMBIES THAT DARE FACE HIM> Woof meets the prime minister of Canada> Woof becomes a Canadianpenguins"
76561198274514767,Recommended,252610,25984405,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,sebreese123,"what other zombie survival game could you find genies coming from toilets, aliens and an anime girl? to name a few of the crazy scenarios you can find yourself in, I'm sure there are a load more of weird and wonderful events I have yet to come across. My favourite feature though is to make your own characters and come across your best friends in this adrenalin filled ride to Canada."
76561198031299753,Recommended,252610,27043410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yukimazan,"This game is as addicting as it is similar to playing FTL but with zombies and decisions. You and your party have to escape to the borders of Canada since the USA is having a zombie apocalypse and oh boy, you will have a variety of choices and events in your journey since the destination is sort of like reaching Mt Everest or finding a lost treasure. In gameplay, you have to loot resources from places from food to gas, weapons, etc in order to survive the journey. But be careful, zombies in this game are numerous so you have to be hasty or cautious depending on what you're dealing with and have to battle your way in and out. You also have to plan ahead as your resources easily run out.Pros:+ Replayability (You will get a lot of game overs if you're not prepared. The fact you have plenty of customization as well as events to help you succeed is why it's really enjoyable whenever I repeat the game. Wanna go Leeroy Jenkins? Get a BERSERK character. Rather play safe and smart? Paranoid characters are your brains.)+ Variety (Characters, weapons, events, cars, etc, I lost count how many events there are and some are even references to characters from games, movies, real life people, etc. I won't spoil who but it's a lot fun discovering the silly references the devs put in. The characters also have their own stats and traits so keep in mind on them. )+ Customization (You can customize characters that you wanna put in like naming them  because they'll appear in the game when you find them. The strong parts are the traits and perks you can put in which have their pros and cons. They can help you or betray you depending on the situation)+ Music (For a zombie apocalypse game, it sure fits well with some happy ones as well as 'LET'S KICK SOME ZOMBIE BUTT"" music. Very enjoyable. )+ Graphics (Pixel art as the main art style, it's simple but it shows it really well. I do wish the characters faces look a little better but hopefully in a sequel or such, they'll make it better)+ Dogs/Cats are playable (They can loot and shoot...SOLD! )I don't have much cons for this game but I'll just give my little nit picksNitpicks:- RNG (RNG is what makes the fun and despair of a game though I feel that a lot of bad stuffs happen more to me IMO. Though that's part of the fun so take this as a grain of salt.)- More character customization ( I know this is a pro but I do want more clothes or at least a workshop for this game. If there's mods I would love to see it happen)Overall, I give this game a 9/10. I would have given it a 10 if it had a lot more customization than now because the game literally screams for one. If this game were to get a sequel then I'd be a happy man. If you love zombies, surviving, FTL-like games, maybe this might be for you. Otherwise, just look at a video or 2 of gameplay and see if it convinces you to buy.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,252610,24494342,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,HeWhoMeows,"This game will f&$% you up. You need to have the holy power of the RNG to survive. Now, that does not make this a bad game, it makes it realistic, for a zombie apocalypse anyways. I started off with two people. All was going well, then we met another guy, and we let him join. Then, a seige happened. A seige is where you have to hold out long enough before escaping, which can last a while. My original partner died. Blah Blah Blah anime katanas, blah blah blah Prius, and we find a girl, and let her join. Blah Blah Blah Raiders, Blah Blah Blah Supermarket, another seige. Now this time, there's two other people trapped in here with us, a police officer, and what looked like a scientist. My guy was the only survivor, after we all got cornered, and I was the only person who tried to run through the zombies, instead of fighting them. So I drive for a while longer, nobody else shows, supplies are running low, and I find this car, which looks like it has supplies. Aaaaaand the keys are missing. I walk around the surrounding area ducking and weaving, trying to find the keys, and then I find this log cabin, which is overrun with ZED, I try to run inside, but get pinned in a corner, like those I had left behind, and I died fighting. So yeah, amazing brand new game, go play it now."
,Recommended,252610,26615069,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,nick wilde,"This game is sick, worth the $15. The soundtrack wants you to make you dance while beating the heck outta zombies."
76561198163120729,Recommended,252610,33407051,Posted: 9 July,all,Alliostra,Don't hit the white containers10/10i diedEdit: you can Airhor Zombies to death.
,Recommended,252610,34684434,Posted: 2 September,all,LokeKatten,I can sum this game up in two words:𝐂 𝐎 𝐎 𝐋   𝐈 𝐓 !
76561198005298999,Not Recommended,252610,31409407,Posted: 27 April,all,Dex-Starr,"It's fun for a few hours, but then begins to feel very repetitive. The Perks don't seem to actually do much for the characters  which makes creating your own custom characters feel a little pointless in the long run as they all start very weak compared to the characters you find on the road.You can level up the Perks, but the requirments are a little on the ridiculous side requiring you to slog through the game several times. So there's no real ""Progression"" unlike a lot of other Rogue Likes out there since your own characters always start off so weak, and it's a crap shoot on the random characters. This is fun at first, until you get a few hours in and have seen everything.I'll update this review after a few more patches and might change it. For now, the asking price is to much for what you get."
,Recommended,252610,24615120,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,IM SCREAMING IN THE LENS,"A difficult but immensely entertaining Oregon Trail-style roadtrip game with a pretty dope soundtrack. Updated very often. Sometimes feels a bit unfair, but to me that's a part of the experience."
76561197984219459,Recommended,252610,24659388,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DeadlyNinja,"40 hours in and less than a week.  Good waste of time for the week vacation but has anyone actually made it to canada!?!?! I come close so many times the small horde on the way to the boarder is impossible.  This is literally super nintendo hard, better story than mario and never ending replay.  I'm starting to think Canada doesn't really exist...2 blood stained hatchets up!"
,Recommended,252610,32952936,Posted: 28 June,all,Bloomsdale,"I could throw out buzzwords like ""rogue-like"" or compare it something like Oregan Trail. In a sense, that wouldn't be too far from the truth. It's definitely not the first game to attempt this style of gameplay, but it the first to have actually created an experience that I enjoyed. Despite it's gimmicky charm, there is a very solid core beneath the surface.10/10 Would review for steam sticker packs again."
,Recommended,252610,24959389,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Minic78,"Not much to say, just wanna add another review to the pile for this great game.My #1 complaint is poor AI companion pathfinding, and with such a small team, it may be a while before they can really sort it out. But the updates so far have been very encouraging, so if you can get over some unfair deaths and losses and just look forward to trying new stuff on the next run, I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,252610,33576848,Posted: 15 July,all,Nyarlathotep,"Someone in my run died because they had to pull out a tooth.After the tooth was pulled, the character screamed ""Yeah screw this noise!"" and fell over, dead.Right after calmly swiping car keys out of a Gator's open mouth.Moments later, we lost someone else while searching a graveyard for a laughing goblin.But it was fine, because our dog managed to survive.And it could drive.Onward to Canada!"
76561198042998111,Recommended,252610,34062643,Posted: 6 August,all,Angry Roomba,"Frickin' Great Game!  Great Writing, Responsive controls, Ton of replayability.  Worth the Buy."
76561198320963623,Recommended,252610,33365007,Posted: 7 July,all,reptile1155,"This is  an amazing game. Its great for co-op play and has alot of replay value, with custom characters to be made and different scenarios. If you like zombie games, you should definitely check this game out. The price is good as well."
76561198208940063,Recommended,252610,29405512,Posted: 21 January,all,bluemonstaz,"One of my favorite games on steam, I love the Oregon Trail theme."
,Recommended,252610,26284602,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Maximus0451,Are you a hoser enough dude to make it to Canada?
76561198355908004,Recommended,252610,31497566,Posted: 1 May,all,GreenMan,"GG, this game is pretty fun. All around good time in my opinion, RNG makes it fun and its a great time playing. People complain about how RNG gives you ""No solution"" but once you get good enough you notice ""Huh, those guys were wrong!"" RNG does play a factor and there ARE bugs in the game, its still fun though! It doesent tell you what to expect, its always fresh and no run is the same as the last! The final seige is easily avoidable with a chainsaw and its simple enough. Along with that 12 dollars is a good asking price, that is IF you plan on playing regularly, I got in on sale for 6 dollars so money well spent on my part. Customization is ""Limited"" to say the least and theres no workshop connection (Yet). My suggestion is a way to customize more stuff in selection, such as Weapons, Cars, and improved character customization, more options etc. And I wont lie I have little to no clue about Origan Trail so I  wont lie and say comparisons. 9.2/10 stars for sure, Multiplayer online would be fun. Worth taking time for checking it out, and I would not take back a hour spent on the Death Road. (Btw plz dont nerf chainsaws)"
76561197972290066,Recommended,252610,30771241,Posted: 27 March,all,ZekWun,"This is a fun game. Great music, replay value and genuinely funny.You will die in cheap ways, but I somehow didn't find it frustrating. Looking forward to playing it co-op."
76561198055910060,Recommended,252610,24464880,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,laney pierce,"I have waited for this game for about three years, and let me tell you that it has not disappointed me one bit. From meeting the main character of Don't Sh*t Yourself to having a car full of dogs (and when one was left it drove along the road), I can absoluely recommend this game to anyone that likes randomly generated dungeon crawler-esque games.PS. You can always trust dogs. Unless they wear trench coats."
76561198032341104,Recommended,252610,24547241,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Thomastotle,"This game has already brought me so much fun !First off, the soundtrack :It may not be the one you'd expect from a game depicting the fall of society and travelling in a deadly environment where you can die any day.It's more one of an action-packed loot-and-run, inexplicable event-riddled road trip between friends (or are they?) soundtrack, holding a lot of energy and generally transmitting that ""Let's freaking do it"" vibe. I love it, and like listening to it outside of the game from time to time. You can also access it easily in the game files.The graphics :I personally like a lot good pixel art, and this one is truly good ! I don't really know what i could add, plus you can easily see for yourself. Pixels done right.The gameplay :Movements are fluid, there are a good choice of ways to deal with the zombies when it comes to the action part of the game, such as the classic melee weapons, pistols, shotguns, rifles. You can also sometimes manage to find molotovs, pipe bombs, grenades etc... Moreover, some characters have specific ways to (or not to!) deal with  zombies and get all that sweet loot.Your ai teammates, if you choose to take any with you during looting missions are good at following you around, managing their stamina (as in not killing non threatening zombies) and shouldnt die stupidly too often.The only issues i've encountered yet are some with the depths, for example when you think a zombie is farther than you vertically than it really is, and also sometimes walls ""hitboxes"" taking melee hits instead of zombies.In the other part of the game, wich is managing your road trip across zombinated states toward canada, you are faced with events and a couple of choices. Theses can range to bandit attacks, zombie sieges, picking your looting location, recruiting or not the random survivors you come across along the road, and much more.This is in my opinion the hardest part of the game, as i've lost more good men to bandits and unfortunate events than zombies, but it's not frustrating at all. You can generally move along without too much damage if your group doesnt have someone able to deal with the situation, and it generally rewards good thinking, instead of having randomly generated outcomes which you don't have control of. To summarize, choices are not always easy, but it's not frustrating either.There is also a possibility of local coop, but having not tested it I cannot say if it's good or bad, though I'd say having that possibility is a nice plus !Replayability :I absolutely guarantee you won't see everyting there is to see in your first playthrough. You most likely won't win it either. There is a lot of elements, characters, items and events to discover, and also a few gamemodes available from the start. Custom characters are a nice addition, and the perks available are progressively upgraded as you play the game. Don't think they are useless from the start either.I have yet to play the game more, but at roughly 5 hours of play I did not get bored of it for a second, so I'd say the game does have a lot of hours of fun ahead for you.Overall one of the most fun ""little"" games i've played in a long time. The gameplay, immersion, music are all very good and the humor make this game unique and lovable."
,Recommended,252610,27004630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wolfgang,"Reaching Canada is not really that hard, you know."
76561198201905078,Recommended,252610,25650437,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Chocological_,"A nice game,Though I can not get to Canada,I feel the process is interesting.In a word,it is worthwhile to have a try!"
,Recommended,252610,24512773,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gamer Takahashi McBaggin,The hardest Part is getting out of Florida
,Recommended,252610,25580984,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,D4RK,Naming the surivors after your friends and watching them die will increase enjoyment bye %10
76561198029815841,Not Recommended,252610,26155780,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Nemissarion,"I'm going to be straight. This review would be a 5/10, but Steam insists on black and white reviews. Death Road has a lot going for it, from the charming graphics to the character customisation, but at its core, it's deeply flawed. I love rogue like games that allow you a chance to progress through a random universe, and FTL will always be a game I run back toward, but Death Road lacks this appeal. Strip away the zombies and you'll have a game where the random event/number generator won't just steer or manipulate your adventure, but flat out cripple it with zero input. You'll often find yourself being skewered by Bandits after running out of gas, simply because the game never provided enough for you to loot. For ten bucks it's a bit of fun, but it seems to lack some solid balance behind the chibi-sprites and Final Fantasy menus. I'd prefer it if this game rewarded skill a great deal more."
76561197966860304,Recommended,252610,28964436,Posted: 2 January,all,Sleepy Slevin,Got super attached to the characters on my first run. Saved and quit because I don't wanna see them die :( Way more immersive than it seems. (Music is♥♥♥♥♥♥though)10/10
76561198149518182,Recommended,252610,28878764,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,#KanyeForPres. 2k20,One playthrough I got killed by a cursed clown10/10 would get killed by clown again.
76561198048712516,Recommended,252610,25587008,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Homunculus,Hey thats pretty goodEdit: Hey thats a bit difficult
76561198071421958,Recommended,252610,25578482,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,eternal jape,"8/10 game dates itself easily with its memes and jokes but it's a pretty solid roguelite.its oki dont expect to get 10 hours out of it, but if I do, good for me"
,Recommended,252610,32898270,Posted: 27 June,all,SatunnainenPRKL,Funny and great replayability for its value. Very zombieland vibe.
76561198073796514,Recommended,252610,24624636,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bwooper,A feral dog just stole my gun ??? Would recommend.
76561198317850705,Recommended,252610,29530687,Posted: 27 January,all,Gabizona,legalzinho
76561197997882332,Recommended,252610,24624713,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ademisk,"Made a character to look like my girlfriend and myself and started a game with the two of us.  After 2 days she left the party after we had run out of food.  100% accurate simulation game, 10/10."
,Recommended,252610,25186803,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,theoffspringlp,"For me, the thing that really makes this game fun is putting friends and family into the game and watching the chaos that ensues.  The game plays a bit like Oregon Trail in terms of managing resources like food and bullets while traveling across the country.  You also have to make decisions about how to handle various situations that come up, like running into a massive group of zombies and having to decide whether to take a detour or try to plow through them.  Depending on the traits of your characters, you may have additional options in these instances.The other half of the game is running around city streets and various buildings searching for supplies while avoiding getting killed by zombies.  The combat can feel a little clunky, particularly when dealing with doors and corners, but doesn't detract from the game too much.  Character movement also feels a little flawed.  Navigating corners and narrow spaces can get a bit frustrating when your character seemingly gets stuck on nothing.  I also found the companion AI to be a bit annoying at times.  Their path-finding can be frustrating, they will often continue to walk into objects instead of just walking around them.This game really shines in it's character design, decision making, and quirky humor.  You're able to give your characters a perk, like mechanical or medical skills, and personality trait, like being calm under fire or paranoid.  It creates humorous situations like when your co-worker complains about Mondays the whole trip, or when your fitness obsessed friend challenges bandits to a body builder pose-off.Overall I found this game to be a very enjoyable experience.  I would recommend this game to people who enjoy replaying games to see all the different outcomes to different decisions you make.  If your goal is to just get through the game to see the end, there may not be enough value here for you.  Otherwise, there's enough content to warrent playing the game multiple times, even after finshing it."
,Recommended,252610,30898385,Posted: 2 April,all,Aegon I Targaryen,"It's a neat little game. It's quite difficult and it feels like your success comes down to chance, however, the random terrible events usually leave you laughing rather than raging."
,Recommended,252610,30848499,Posted: 31 March,all,Whiterabbit,Definitely a good game. I've played 11 hours so far and haven't gotten any achievements. Compared to other games where you get an achievement just for opening a menu. Definitely lots of replayability.
76561198004483714,Recommended,252610,30881161,Posted: 1 April,all,fhmfamine,"Great couch co-op games have become increasingly hard to find. This is one of the good ones. Lots of replayability because of the different characters you can recruit, and all the random locations keep things interesting. In addition, there are lots of laugh-out-loud moments when people are talking in the car, or using their abilities to change how some of the situations go that you find yourself in.There have been heartbreaking moments where you found that one special character, only to have them get eaten a day or two before making it to Canada. My wife and I plan on sinking many more hours into this game."
,Recommended,252610,31368102,Posted: 25 April,all,SushiBot,"Awesome, Funny, Survival, and Canada! What more could you want in a pixelated game about  zombies! Could use a few things though, and right now all i recommend is a connection to the workshop. There could be new customization options, weapons, cars, special characters, and more rushing through players heads, and what better way to express that then the workshop!"
,Recommended,252610,33070805,Posted: 30 June,all,spiffydude89,"I had to buy this game for a friend because it was so clever and hilarious that I needed him to experience this paragon of entertainment.At one point while playing, I was a dog, walking on its hind legs, carrying a golf club, who had just parked its car, and was bartering with other survivors. 10/10Update: I have also been a dog driving a dog car. And one time I broke an ancient caveperson out of a big block of ice with a shotgun. This is awesome."
,Recommended,252610,24566240,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chief_Judge_Fargo,"I've come to like Death Road to Canada, its a neat little indie title that has had some thought put into it.  Its a nice twist on an old concept, I'd honestly say that it plays similar to faster than light, only instead of aliens you have to fight zombies. Death Road requires inventory and resource management, some on the fly environmental awareness and deciding whether or not you have the resources to recruit additional members to your group of happy, hopeful survivors. Speaking of recruitable members, you can come across a wide variety of survivors, ranging from your run of the mill pistol and crowbar toting survivor, to a Jason Vorhees lookalike and a magical anime girl, you can even recruit the occasional dog into your group. The game also has quite a few random encounters which can put your group members skills to the test. you may have to pass charisma or strenght checks or perhaps a more in depth shooting or medical skill check. The game has a quirky sense of humor that isn't for everyone, personally I find some of the jokes a little hit and miss. The game is a little pricey for what it is, with other indie titles of a similar style going for much less, would recommend waiting until Christmas or Summer when this will probably go on sale.Positives>Wide variety of weapons to choose from>Suprisingly good character customisation>Wide range of skills for your character>A decent assortment of vehicles to find and use in your trek to Canada>The randomly generated style of play can provide a decent challenge>The humor is pretty good in places>Soundtrack included in the game's files>A pixel art style that has had some effort put into itNegatives>For those who have grown tired of pixel art, this may not be for you>RNG can make the game punishingly difficult>Sometimes the game provides you with little supplies on the early stages, amplifying the difficulty later on>Zombie encounters are sometimes too few and far between, sometimes they occur too often>Priced a little high for what is essentially a rather basic game (Honestly, Hotline Miami cost less than this)Finally, I'll go on record by saying that this is perhaps the only game i've played so far where a character can be killed by stubbing their toe on a rock."
,Recommended,252610,24566604,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,0300078,Definitely something new for me. Is a mixture of those rogue like games such as Darkest Dungeon and FTL style but with those Hotline Miami play style. Worth every penny just hope such game release on portable such as 3ds and Vita so I can play them on the go.
76561198090910713,Recommended,252610,24566792,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Logos,"This game is incredible. I have been waiting for a fun, casual, text driven adventure that doesn't hold your hand the whole way. Some people might not like the random elements to the game, but I think they are fantastic. The content and writing of these events and dialogue are well written. They keep driving me back for more!Edit - Content I would like to see:1. Bosses2. More loot in toilets3. Dogs need less food"
76561198122198460,Recommended,252610,34192128,Posted: 12 August,all,Commander Cool89,THIS GAME IS AMAZING...WHY IS THERE NO ONLINE SUPPORT? That's how great games like this die.
,Recommended,252610,32842403,Posted: 26 June,all,Talross,"Usually not my cup of tea, but this game is A++.It's incredibly fun and entertaining. Even if I don't make it to Canada, I love the random events and seeing how various characters deal with it.Just beat the game with the clown. So glad I bought this game."
76561198055593810,Recommended,252610,33829003,Posted: 27 July,all,Luke Howell,Such a good game. The replay value is endless.
,Recommended,252610,25489949,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"9/10Most entertaining rouge like game I've ever played.Funny and rewarding. Coop is ok, just some levels aren't meant for it, but overall it's a perfect couch game. The game feels complete but the release doesn't quite fit. I don't see why this doesn't have achievements or cards. Character creation could use some more options and there could be more skills/skill levels, but that all really can only subtract 1 point. At worst, it's 8 out of 10 for the music being too loud and repetitive. Still, this game is a must have if you are into a challenge or rouge likes or zombies or coop."
,Recommended,252610,25491894,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bumpyboo,"-has no room in car--looks at pug--looks at boyfriend-This game is full of difficult choices.Haven't been addicted to a zombie survival game like this since Organ Trail, and while that game is very dear to me...dare I say it, DRTC does it better. It's a beautiful little game. Lots of features and options, sky high replayability and very responsive devs who are STILL working on adding cool features and tweaking the game make this an excellent purchase. I didn't wait for it to come on sale, and feel zero regrets about it.In terms of difficulty it is quite punishing. But the journey is enjoyable enough that even when its infuriating, I feel compelled to dive back in.This is an absolute treat."
76561198065181229,Recommended,252610,33550787,Posted: 14 July,all,scotty_015,"Awesome game, hours of fun with the choose your own adventure element and comical story linedefnitely recommend this game for 2 player local co-op"
,Recommended,252610,32984177,Posted: 29 June,all,baronnecrospasm,Great pixel game. Reminds me of Oregon Trail with zombies and a scott pilgrim type of style.
76561198281806290,Recommended,252610,29215542,Posted: 12 January,all,Chupi Trooper Mark~!!,"I never really got a chance to play Oregon Trail or anything like that.But oh man, if they were THIS addicting, I'm gonna have to make some additions to my collection.The game overall has the look and feel of an 80's thriller, what with its 8-bit visuals, fresh slang, and music that mixes 8-bit chiptune with classic rock.The game is hilarious, as you'll encounter various events randomly like a portal that causes you to emerge as a new person or teaching a dog to drive. Not to mention the game doesn't really take itself seriously, adding to the overall charm of things.It controls quite nicely, too. I had no problems using a Steam controller to loot abandoned buildings, beat the crap out of zombies, and make choices for my party. Did I mention throwing furniture feels natural, too?I especially love the way the game plays out. Events along the way to Canada are randomly generated and always leaving you with a new experience each time you play, and the inclusion of custom characters (meaning you, your friends and family can get eaten alive together) is the cherry on top of the campy sundae that is Death Road.I haven't even reached Canada yet, but I'm not mad. Quite the opposite, really. So few games have me crawling back for more once all is said and done, and this is one of the few."
,Recommended,252610,29433882,Posted: 22 January,all,GuessWho,"Great game! I recommend it to people who enjoy indie survival games like these. Me and my friend may have raged a few times about the 2 hour siege and the bandits lol, but overall I enjoy it, especially when we found some of the characters we made together, so yeah, 10/10 would always play. But, I wish we had online co-op, so it would be easier for me and my friends to play. but, like I said it's a good game."
76561198174405414,Recommended,252610,24576432,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,HD_Harold,"I just came out of my best run at this game yet. Me and my motley crew had a hybrid which took us up to 7 days out from Canada. Sadly we broke down and while walking in the woods we stumbled across an alien. And his alien car! With the promise of getting this car after the seige we fought. My team scraped through and once we had been told how to open the car we fought through uncountable waves of undead to reach this strange, grey vehicle. We leapt in and slammed the doors, revving the engine, preparing to shoot off into the sunset. Then the car exploded and we both died.This game is amazing. The style is really fun, the music is quirky and charming and the humor is on point. Definately worth the £10!"
,Recommended,252610,24630489,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Cyrilin's Abandoned Reason,"I highly recommend the game. The gameplay itself is fairly simplistic and reminiscient of FTL. However, what lifts Death Road to Canada above and beyond are its amazing writing and insane sense of humor, which both immediatelly clicked with me and made it the most fun game this year. Totally recommend it, even if you'll have maaaany attempts ahead of you before making it to Canada (or maybe because of it!)."
,Recommended,252610,24547814,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Riv4lizing,"tl;dr: A roguelike zombie survival game done right.There's many things about this game that just keep making making me tell myself ""one more try"" even after I've been playing it for hours. So far the only bug I've seen is when you get through a tiny space and your teamates will make an entire circle around the object so that they can get to you, that got my teamates killed many, many times.One of my best runs so far, was with a guy named Dik, I gave him Megabuff and Warrior and tried to make him look like a biker. He had basically become a zombie master, with almost all abilities maxed out. I was 1 day from Canada, had more than 60 food and died to a molotov I threw at a group of zombies during a siege. My dog was the only one left, and even though he survived the siege, I hadn't teached him to drive a car, so I ended up losing and starting over. But I couldn't be mad at the game, because it was my fault.Now, onto the pros and cons.PROS:+Randomly generated maps, survivors and personalities.+Random events (I once got my character possessed by a demon)+Zombies get more aggressive the more time you spend on a mission+YOU CAN THROW FURNITURE AROUND!+The game has a good sense of humour+Decent amout of skills and perks to choose from, and you can level up your skills+Teamates who are actually smart about weapon choice. For example, if your follower is using a melee weapon but gets tired and is carrying a ranged weapon, it will change to the ranged weapon until it has enough stamina back. It will also pick up weapons on the ground when it has none left.CONS:-Not many customization options, females get more than males-The follower's pathfinding sometimes bugs out-Sometimes if there's a weapon on the floor, your teamate will keep changing his weapons continuously until you move away from it-Only local co-op.All in all, i'd give this game a solid 9/10. I really love this game and hope to see it getting some new updates soon"
,Recommended,252610,25474007,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,zogingu,"basically oregon trail mixed with no more room in hell. has a good balance of resource trade-offs resulting in encounter outcomes that aren't as random as other oregon-trail-likes and the core ""minigame"" is successfully always very tense, with lots of room for tactical thinking"
76561197975980500,Recommended,252610,24504217,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,pulsemeat,"Great, addicting roguelite that's full of surprises. Just sit back and try to survive the ride."
76561198024986052,Recommended,252610,30774141,Posted: 27 March,all,Fore,"Now that it has had time to grow, this is a prime game to snatch up and play."
,Recommended,252610,26190457,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tavi Is Back You Guys,">Keemstar and Filthy Frank drive up the Pan-American Highway to reach Canada>Along the way, they encounter a trading center>They stop and pull over to see what they can find>A man is selling anime for 7 food per person>Keemstar decks the man in the face while Filthy Frank robs him of his Otaku Katanas>They immediately run back to their car, laughing, and drive away>Both character's morale improves as they spend the rest of the day laughing about the eventI never thought I'd ever live long enough to see such a masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,252610,24772029,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Johnnyonoes,"Death Road to Canada is a phenomenal mix of all the zombie games you have played before with Oregon Trail which makes for the most fun zombie apocalypse game in years if ever. This game strips down all of the slower moving aspects of zombie survival into a concise and streamlined re-playable experience.The player controls randomly generated or self-generated characters on a romp from Florida to Canada in hopes to find safe haven. Along the way, resources must be scavenged, zombies must be crushed, allies need to be rescued or recruited, and hope to god the car doesn’t break down along the way.Strengths:•	The gameplay is just pure fun. Fast and Frantic with a bit of strategic maneuvering required when things get really hairy.•	The RPG elements bring personality to each of the characters, and each specialization feels powerful enough to warrant a diverse group of zombie survivors. Just be sure to keep everyone as happy as possible or they might leave at the worst possible moment!•	The random events are both funny and enjoyable, with a bit of rage inducing as well to keep things nice and balanced towards a harder difficulty.•	Local co-op makes for a great addition, but what is even better, playing alone is just as fun. The AI allies are not just mindless drones, they will loot, replace their weapons and crack zombie skulls with precision.•	The production values are extremely high, visuals are top notch, music is fantastic, and the UX is streamlined and easy to navigate and use. The game also tends to throw useful events your way if you happen to be SOL in a particular resource.Weaknesses:•	The lack of an online or four player option makes me a sad panda.•	The pendulum of “Doing Well” to “Dead Meat” can swing extremely quickly. One moment you are doing fine, and the next day you are left with nothing because the car broke down.Overall Death Road to Canada is the survival game I didn’t even know I needed in my life. Sometimes after playing hundreds of hours in Project Zomboid or State of Decay, it is nice to just have a bit of fun smashing zombies, collecting loots, and driving towards the Maple Leaf State. I see myself playing this game for months in hopes to unlock all of the different modes and characters, easily the best fifteen dollars spent in a long while.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBBpEq0-czo&feature=youtu.be"
76561197981630136,Recommended,252610,24700864,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sodium Chloridah,"Ton'o'fun, really dig this game.It's a unique setup. It's sort of like Oregon / Organ Trail mixed with a lot of map encounters where you and your dudes (up to 2 local players, 4 in your team) have to avoid getting eaten by zombies when hunting for supplies.There is a good dose of randomness and it's hard and its fun.  There are a ton of positives and not that many negatives and it's a fair price.  And the dev seems to be from the 'update tons of ****' all the time' camp, which is a great reason to support the game.No reservations about recommending it. You'll know from a gameplay video if it is for you or not, I think it's great myself."
,Recommended,252610,28705928,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Captain Dingus,"Made my group of friends, along with Rick from Rick and Morty because I wanted more memes.One guy got eaten by a cat, Rick shot himself and I died in a flexing contest.PS: So far 4 of my people have died by cats or cat related incidents. Cats are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198117231018,Recommended,252610,28137564,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dollmanc,"This earns a seat next other magnificent indie retro games like ""Party Hard"" and ""Rouge Legacy"". But in a lot of ways this is technically better then both. Having multiple modes to choose from to fit your play style or your time frame and even for your experience. Adding in a reasonable character customization that can tailor your leader/potential traveling company personality and look. You can make any one from a basic solder to a YouTube celebrity like Jim Sterling. The coolest feature is one that we are starting to see less and less of in the AAA gaming industry, couch co-op. My only gripe is that it could use some mod support for players to add to this already incredible game.I play consoles more often than not. But when I get that retro, nostalgia itch or an experience that I just can’t find on consoles, I go to steam. And my goodness this's a treasure. I give this a 9/10.A must have on Steam."
76561198002560836,Recommended,252610,24487606,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Esty was here,This game is so damn fun.Added support of the awesome dev... Cant ask for more !
,Recommended,252610,24455225,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zeddy,"Tells first survivor I meet to cool it, and then everything goes downhill while I rock out to the awesome music!Also I made two custom characters so I could be more invested in the game, and they already died, time to restart already!(I may edit this later with a legitimate review, but we'll see. I may need to cool it before I do that.)"
,Recommended,252610,24487161,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ijiero,"So you think you can make it toCanada eh?Think you're high and mighty, capable of waltzing through the undead hordes with both skill and style? Well how about youCOOL IT!and take a seat right there, cause getting to Canada ain't no picnic!I've tried reaching Canada several times now; some tries more successful than others. From times where there was plenty of food, but where health slowly ticked away after every encounter. To times where I had plenty of health yet my group slowly died of hunger.No this ain't Canada, it's the US of A; where the zombie virus affect both man and machine. Because cars seem to fail after ten miles and aluminum batsSNAP!at the speed of sound. As if God himself stacked the odds against you! And I'm not even mentioning theSIEGE!s.Don't be fooled, this is a hard game, and when you play it long enough you will become familiar with these two words:Dang it!Pros:-Highly enjoyable if you have a slightly wacky (and maybe even macabre) sense of humor.-Plain old enjoyable if you don't.-Quite hard, (though at times luck based.)-Very active devs, seriously. (As of writing; working actively to fix some bugs that snuck in release)Cons:-(Quite hard, though) at times luck based.-Some weaponry breaks way too fast/randomly. In one of my new games; a character broke their starting weapon after one hit.In short:Personally love it; would get into a car made of aluminum foil, tell random people to COOL IT!, and get eaten while trying to drive to Canada again."
,Recommended,252610,26602733,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,I kicked Rambo out of my team to make room for a catThat cat fought better then him9/10 Would replace Rambo with a cat again
76561198067534866,Recommended,252610,26567099,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Doot Doot,"Me and My Friend want to go to Canada.We find Bruce Lee.I learn amazing martial arts and gain an AK-47.We find My Sister and a Corgi named Kevin.Kevin dies while escaping a large factory.My Friend dies in a large group of zombies in the sewers.One day 'til Canada.I die, with my martial arts and AK leaving with me.My Sister dies to a siege.9/10 Would get so far but lose again."
,Recommended,252610,24454738,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Falcon,"An amazing game where the reply ""cool it"" can be the response to any situation, including a manacing bandit holding a gun to your head. Always the best answer. 10/10"
,Recommended,252610,30014038,Posted: 18 February,all,rick ross' necklace,"The option to chose is always ""JUMP IT"""
,Recommended,252610,32554447,Posted: 18 June,all,Snaz,"Wish could play online not just local / split screengood game though :D <3 very fun even just 15 hours - toats worth.There are a few bugs or parts where are like :c what?but, they are so minor to the fun - like is very fun."
,Recommended,252610,24467667,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DesertPogona,"Incredibly funny.Incredibly challenging.Incredibly well done.A very in-depth zombie survival game with LOTS of content and never the same experience twice.One of the best rogue-likes I think on Steam right now.Everyone should honestly give this game a shot.I've been a fan of this developer for years since they released Punch Quest (which this game heavily references with its humour). This game has been in the works for years, and it really really shows. I think the icing on the cake is being able to make your own characters, NPC's, and go on an adventure with all of them to escape the zombie hoards.*UPDATE FROM ORIGINAL*The updates to this game have been INCREDIBLE and they keep getting better. This game just continues to constantly improve and blow me away with what they're doing with it. Easily one of my favorite purchases on Steam and always a fun game to come back to."
,Recommended,252610,28071998,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Anon,Surprisingly fun for a single player game; I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,252610,29384934,Posted: 20 January,all,Cans,"Follow the Death RoadDeath Road to Canadais one of those games where you cant stop playing it, almost like going out to a restaruant you really enjoy... but, instead of eating food to appeal your appetite you're playing a videogame. I first heard of this game when a YouTuber by the name ofPBGGameplaymade a halloween themed video about this game, and instantly I knew this was the game for me. The music is amazing and is the exact opposite of what I think a zombie game would have, it reminds me of an old super nintendo TMNT beat-em-up (the best kind of beat-em-up). The gameplay is fun and rewarding, you feel pretty good once you beat a super hard siege or come back from a location with more loot than normal you feel really good and confident. The re-playability is amazing and the different game modes and outcomes for events on the road, like the UFO landing sight add so much content.If you keep the alien alive 'til the end of the siege you get the UFO as a car. In the endDeath Road to Canadais my favorite game of 2016, and definitely one of my favorite games of all time.Onward to Canada!"
76561198070961136,Recommended,252610,32899592,Posted: 27 June,all,ConJohn3,jus tryna get my sticker packs
,Recommended,252610,32879210,Posted: 27 June,all,Bread,"Because Steam told me to.Also good game.WHERE'S MY ♥♥♥♥ING STICKERS, VALVE!?"
,Recommended,252610,30714232,Posted: 24 March,all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"~Made adorable blonde loli named Alice who collected guns, started with pistol and ammo, then made her buddy named Captain, a vietnam vet who was old and knew martial arts and♥♥♥♥♥♥~started adventure, went pretty well, had 100 fuel and lots of food and weapons~things are going too well, too easy, we stop in an old building for the night and it catches fire, captain leads the escape plan but has 'Nam flashbacks and panics and Alice is horribly burned, loses half her health and moral~Burns must have caused Alice to loose her bowel control as now she's farting in the car every mile and the Captain's moral is way low~stopped by bandits, Alice uses her adorable loli powers to talk us out of it and we continue~see man covered in blood wearing a hockey mask and wielding a chainsaw on the side of the road staring off into the distance, stop to pick him up cause y'know whatever~Am followed by group of other survivors, need to loot place before they do, send little Alice in to loot it, she gets a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of supplies then runs for it leaving Captain and Jason the serial killer behind!~Jason dismembers Captain~end"
,Recommended,252610,24475399,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Techbane,"Started a run with myself and a friend. Recruited a dog in the first town. Dog distracted a bandit checkpoint so we could get past. Car broke down. Had the dog break through a zombie swarm and hotwire a sweet new fuel efficient ride. After the food ran out and morale fell through the floor, my friend kicked me out of the group and was subsequently chewed to death in an impossibly dense zombie siege. Dog barely escaped with its life. Game over because nobody was left to drive the car.2/10, game is racist against dogs."
76561198078480815,Recommended,252610,30750997,Posted: 26 March,all,Fiasco,"This game is amazing. Its basically Oregon Trail set in a post apocalyptic USA. Your mission is to make it from Florida to Canada, while dodging hordes of Zombies, bandits and random encounters with dog poop covered treasure and feral cats. There are a variety of character types and builds to make the game really interesting and add a lot of replay value. The humor is outstanding, I have had so many random laughs from this game.Anyway, the game is very fun and hilarious. Can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,252610,24585738,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,PoskiOtto,"If you like rogue-like games, this is it.If you like zombie themed games, this is it."
,Recommended,252610,25512387,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lou Zephyr,"Awesome rogue survival game!If you like these games, like FTL, Binding of Isaac, Dungeon of the endless ect. then this game will entertain your tortured soul.Random Events, Zombies, Survival, Zombiegore, Pixelshit and crazy folks (you can even make your own characters to play and even show up during your journey).The more you play it, the more stuff you'll unlock, also you level up skills/traits and the progress of these will never be lost.Saw this on Greenlight years ago and was waiting for the release and i am not disappointed.Only minor complain: No steam-achievements, but meh, FTL doesn't have em' aswell and it's still awesome."
,Recommended,252610,29471874,Posted: 24 January,all,terribly terrified of halloween,"my friend stole my shotgun, he dies and i use his corpse as bait10/10"
,Recommended,252610,25001715,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Scariest Fish,"Looking for a delightfully humorous oregon trail inspired permadeath game? Do you want to feel like you are at the mercy of a crazy, crazy, crazy world? Then look no further. This is the game."
,Recommended,252610,25172525,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kzqai,"Great, somewhat random, but not, an exercise in patience with destiny as things happen over which you have very limited control, but are interesting to see happen.  Happily, it's interspersed with things over which you -do- have control (killing zombies in a continually cute and crunchy way).Have played at least 10 runs without reaching the fabled Eden of Canada, and will play at least 5 more."
,Recommended,252610,25173457,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Shreksona 7: Spooky Season,"This game definitely deserves an award.Death Road to Canada is fun and exciting, with lots of good replay value and hilarious in-game events. Death Road to Canada is about surviving the zombie apocalypse and escaping to Canada, whilst managing a car full of jerks. It's full of references and lots of hilarious events, like telling people to ""COOL IT"" and recruiting a man in a cat suit dressed like Garfield. It full of laughs and is great to play with friends, as well as discuss. With the many characters, events and gamemodes offered by this game, it's full of replay value and can be played for hours on end without the player getting bored. I wholeheartedly believe this game deserves an award."
,Recommended,252610,25354606,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,{3K} junying,"Endless random-generated fun, but still challenging. The humour in the game is really fantastic"
,Recommended,252610,25085340,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Chunky Kong,"Game gave me the option to shoot a moose. Right as I clicked said option, I remembered I don't have anything to shoot it with. The moose and my character have a short laugh and the moose kills all but one person.That last person eventually died to a bee sting."
76561198091203398,Recommended,252610,31108366,Posted: 12 April,all,hotdogskid,"Amazing game! Great gameplay, old-school graphics, good music, and funny humor. The only thing I would add would be to make your own dogs. I love playing the Familiar Characters mode, but it's disappointing that I can't create my own dog. Good human character creator, though! :)"
76561198109773911,Recommended,252610,25545955,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ImDaveScrubs,THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY AMAZING AND DESERVES WAY MORE ATTENTION FROM MEDIA.I HOPE THIS DEV MAKES MORE GAMES.
76561198073325822,Recommended,252610,26737952,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TouchMyLemon,"It started out as an adventure of my friend, Nic, and I to Canada. We've known each other since we were small. Together we survived some pretty prickly situations and we met a few friends along the way, Rusty and Jacinda.We were a rag tag group of survivors content on the idea of making it to Canada. Things were looking great but unfortunately that didn't last long. We had lost our car and were forced to trek on foot.After what seemed to be an eternity, we spotted a cabin and a van that resembled a dog. After fighting through the horde of zombies, we managed to find the keys. We struggled to make it back to the van, but we were on our way to Canada once again!We all were in need of rest after the all the excitement we had endured during the day so we had found an empty house along the roadside. Night was falling upon us, as leader, I appointed Jacinda to barricade duty. This was a fatal decision on my part as leader. I may not have been perfect but I always seemed to keep us on top. Night had fallen and we were surrounded by zombies. With Jacinda's lackluster job, they had been able to break in and we had lost Nic and Rusty. Jacinda and I had narrowly escaped with our lives.Bitter towards Jacinda, I knew ultimately it was my decision which had led to the death of my childhood friend, Nic, and our beloved teammate, Rusty. Even after these events, we couldn't forget our initial goal of this journey. It was to make it to Canada. The sacrifice of our friend's could not be in vain. Once again, we pushed on.Low on supplies and down to just the two of us, we decided to enter a nearby town to gear up. The rain helped muffle our sounds enough to push past the large packs of angry and aggressive zombies. We found a house with enough supplies to last us the remainder of our trip. Now we just needed to get back to our van.On our way out the door, we noticed the large packs had moved to the outside of the house we were in, and sadly, we were spotted. We had tried to stand our ground, but were quickly overwhelmed and were forced to run. Making a mad dash to our van, we had gotten ourselves surrounded.It was in that moment that Jacinda had taken her hatchet and started fighting and pushing her way through one side. Myself and a bloody and beaten Jacinda had managed to make it to the doorway of a small house. She was bitten all over and we both knew that it was over for her. She told me to go inside without her. She said she was sorry but this is where her story ends. Reluctantly, I turned and closed the door.Here I sit in this small house, alone and waiting for my impending doom while I write this letter. Moans and sounds of limbs banging against the door. I feel at peace.10/10 Simulator for when 'murica falls because of the Trumpster. Would die travelling to Canada again."
,Recommended,252610,28850752,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,♥Relaxed Pizza♥,"Let's be honest, zombie games are overdone. The genre is congested with stale, uninspired, boring and pointlessly challenging games that make this over saturated part of the market even more and more irrelevant.  But this game, with its goofy atmosphere, upbeat music  and charming art style, is breathing new life into this undead genre.Death Road to Canada is an easy game to pick up, an easy one to learn, but even harder to put down. The rogue-like adventure/survival aspects make every play through of this game different and interesting. And with the custom character feature, you are given the power to generate so many more possibilities as you experiment to see who works well with whom.Part of the reason this game is so easy to fall in love with is the culmination of its dorky sense of humor and catchy OST. For some unforeseeable reason, the chiptune music pairs perfectly with a game about blood, guts and survival. And the possibly fatal decisions you are making on the road turn from frustrating to hilarious due to the comical writing. Never before has a fart been the catalyst that led to my character's downfall, and for that reason alone this game deserves an award.I have but two complaints. First is that the RNG can sometimes ruin you. Often you are left with decisions while driving; do you surrender food or fight the bandits? Abandon the car or attempt to fix it? etc, etc. But at times you come to a decision where the solution involves shooting or other skills, and by some cruel twist of fate the character making this decision is the least proficient marksman. And you can't change that. This has never ruined the experience for me, mind you. With these decisions, the game is often fair. All of my failures are my own, not the game's. Save one instance, this is also my second complaint. For some reason, when the AI characters encounter a weapon they already have they get stuck in a perpetual loop of weapon switching. This doesn't happen too often, but when traveling the mall I had two characters of mine get stuck in this loop with umbrellas which resulted in their deaths. This led to a slippery slope which ended in a game over. So beware of that.Ultimately this game is more than worth your time and money. It's fair yet challenging. It's more fun than frustrating. And it's highly addictive. Give it a chance, especially if you love other rogue games like Binding of Isaac and things of that ilk. I'd also like to recommend checking out more of Rocketcat's games. I enjoy playing their mobile games, and I look forward to see what these devs will do in the future.TL;DRGood game. Happy chiptune music. Dog's use crowbars. Farts can be fatal. This game is rife with references to different shows/games/etc. Cat video magazines are a thing in this game and I'm sad that they aren't real."
76561198097755907,Recommended,252610,28879446,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dr Ethan,"Death Road to canada, a very hard yet enjoyable game. Hard because of how one second you have a full team where everyone is super good, but then when you get to a trader camp, have no food left, so then you steal some food from a trader, and then the whole camp kills everyone except your weak healer ;-;. Enjoyable because you could come a cross a very free horse man..... who cant wield any wepons so when your whole team dies excpet for him you basically are dead, which goes back to the hard thing XD. but there is a lot of replayability because of how everyone you meat on the road has random stats. There was this one time when i had a dog (o btw the dogs can talk and carry wepons XD) and she found a empty mascot suit that came to life and yelled ""I HATE MONDAYS!"", so then we did anything that a normal human would do, we recruted him to our group. But then things went wrong, one day while we were driving the suit just yell ""I HATE MONDAYS!"" and then he said ""AND TODAY IS A MONDAY"". then he teleported us all into a seige in a random set of woods and 2 of my people died, including my dog ;-;(just kidding it deserved it she was a jerk >:( ). so ya that is how i lost that game. But back to the actual review even with all of this fun stuff that i just talked about there are some cons one being the multiplayer, the second player has to each and everytime you go somewhere select the charrecter they want to play and join the fight which is realy tedious. Secondly the second player cannot go through doors which means, the first player has the infamous main charrecter deseas (but to a lower extent because they can die and the story goes on), this makes going through a house really annoying because the first player has to do everything. All in all this is a great game and i recomend it. And also the naked horse man is the most majestic thing i have seen in my life. :3"
,Recommended,252610,26356580,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,winds and waves,it great
76561198290035236,Recommended,252610,28917332,Posted: 1 January,all,GrayWolf,"I highly recommend this game. It is a very fun and hard game with lots of replayability. Although the main mode is difficult, there are a multitude of other game modes, some of which are easier. This game is very well put together, all the countless scenarios and characters bring hours and hours of fun. It is definitely worth the price."
76561198147442147,Recommended,252610,29126180,Posted: 8 January,all,The Robot Devil,I had a nice long review and then steam deleted it so im just going to say its a good game.
,Recommended,252610,25076081,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mr. Johan,"At the border of Canada, with a girl named Cindiac and the Leader named Alvis (Yes, his name is Alvis.), accidently left James behined, Juan Cena threw himself into a horde to distract them, Cindiac gets trapped in a house, and Alvis is singing while using his Karate moves to run past the Horde, the in big shiny letters, SIEGE!, I run, Realizing I'm surrounded Alvis starts to sing about his hair, as he gets swallowed by 100's of zombies... Death road to Canada in a nutshell."
76561197981023199,Recommended,252610,26652994,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Catbus,"Grab a friend and take a trip on the Death Road to Canada! An addicting and challenging zombie  infested experience! It doesn't take long to complete the trip, but each trip is randomly generated, greatly increasing replay value. I was exposed to this game via youtuber Pro Jared. Keep up the good work!Pro tip: Use controllers!"
,Recommended,252610,28919366,Posted: 1 January,all,Griffin550,"Bandits tried to rob me and one of my characters said ""WHAT DID YOU SAY?!"" and scared them off. But the thing is he didn't actually know what they said.10/10"
,Recommended,252610,33495178,Posted: 12 July,all,Banx,"Death Road to Canada is exactly what everyone tells you. It's Oregon Trail with zombies, but it gets much better than that. The game offers the most unorthodox ways to solve problems and you'll be surprised how using your head can dig your grave, or jump the car over it. Half of the game takes place on the death road itself in your car, unless of course you LOST IT. That would be a shame...walking makes you easy prey for bandits and zombies. HAHAHAAHA! The other half takes place on foot during Always-Be-Looting events. You choose a location that seems to have what you're looking for, and your boys roll up and hop out of the car. Similar to an actual zombie apocalypse, your plan should be to avoid the undead unless you absolutely HAVE to engage. You can throw a wide variety of furniture depending how swole your current character is, which makes you want to prioritize the big guy over the dork when it comes to the nitty gritty. But be careful, the dork could fix the car or patch up the gnarliest zombie bite without supplies. It's uh, very late EST. Buy the game, thank yourself later"
76561198363723223,Recommended,252610,30729728,Posted: 25 March,all,Robby Wang,"It's a personal rule of mine to play at least 2 hours of a game before clocking up a review. after playing Death Road to Canada, I realize that regulation must be changed. I need so much more time to take it all in.Death Road to Canada is a fantastic take on the Oregon Trail that blends humor, survival, character customization, RPG elemnets, beat-em-up combat, and parodies of pop culture that make you crack a grin.The soundtrack isn't that diverse, but it's enough to keep you bopping your head to the beat and humming along as you (attempt to) rip your way through hordes of zombies. The sound effects really match the feeling of whats happening. I really love the use of sound in this game. It's satisfying.The gameplay is simple yet complex. Managing supplies, your vehicle, your party of friends, weapons, and descisions that really do take efect. It successfully blends in these RPG elements that makes the game flow smoothly.Combat is simple. Hit zombies with your weapons. Thats it. Smack them till' they dead. Mm-mm. Delicious.The best part of the game, without a doubt, is the Familiar Characters Mode. You can create your friends, family, celebrities, Youtubers, et cetera. The possibilities are endless. you can give them perks to help your party on your journey, and personality traits that can boost those perks. This really makes the game feel like your own, and you really do feel terrible when they get killed in the field.The graphics are pixelated, and thats fine with me. It gives the game potential to age well and stretch out to a more appealing audience. This game is only pretty mild, being a zombie game. They drop a few guts and...black stuff, but it's never that bad. No blood, just...oil, I guess.The game is local co-op compatible, but sadly has no online co-op support by the time this review is released. It's a bit of a bummer, but it's pretty enjoyable with friends, and great to play by yourself.Death Road to Canada successfully blends survival, humor, RPG elements, beat-em-up combat, and charming pixel graphics that appeal very well. The game is priced extremely well at 15 bucks, but I bought it on sale at 10 bucks. Not that... thats important or, whatever.Also its uh... kinda glithcy. Like, the game will stop or glitch like, once every six to twelve playthroughs.Also its uh... kinda glitchy. Like, the game will crash or freeze or glitch at least once every ten to twelve playthroughs. And playthroughs dont last that long. I mean, The game deleted all my save data, like custom characters. it took me a long time to make my friends! And it did it again the day after. WHAT.8-Great+Charming Graphics+Well executed RPG elements+Successful Survival gameplay+Smooth Beat-Em-Up Combat+Funny+Brilliant Character Customization+Interesting Mechanics+Choices, Choices, CHOICES!!!!+Entertaining Soundtrack+Lots of Game Modes+Pop Culture References-Extremely GlitchyDeath Road to Canada is an entertaining game that blends multiple game elements very well. It's addictive and gives you that sense of ""Just Five more Minutes"". While it is marred and held back from it's full potential by glitches, I love this game, and It receives my full recommendation."
,Recommended,252610,29659204,Posted: 2 February,all,Lokaror,"One of my favorite games of all time. If you enjoy roguelikes, oregon trail and games that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you mess up (or sometimes just plain unlucky, not that often though) i highly reccomend. A challenge on most modes, and highly challneging on others the game certainly has alot of replayablitiy. The ability to make your ouwn character (8 pages of about 8 per page iirc) makes the game fun if you wanna put in your friends, family or just people in general. Its great to find one of them on the road and enjoyable as you can design them how you want as far as looks (within the games boundaries of course) and their traits and perks. Eventually you can level up these perks making the game easier so that hopefully as you learn and learn how to maximize gains and minimize losses you will have slightly stronger characters. Overall id rate it 7/10 as eventually you can reckognize each event. Buy it."
,Recommended,252610,29726456,Posted: 5 February,all,Driver,"I can't tell you how much I love this game. This game easily became my favorite game of 2016 just because of how great it really is. Death Road To Canada is a special kind of game that uses things we have seen in other games, such as organ trail, but heavily improves on. From making friends and family as survivors, to laugh out loud funny moments, DRTC is well worth the asking price of $15. If you don't have this game, you should get it ASAP. There's something about killing zombies, telling everyone to ""COOL IT"" and fighting bigfoot that really keeps you into it. I love this game and I want to thank the dev for just blessing us with such a treat. DRTC is a must have for just about everyone, and I cannot wait to see how much more will be added on to this already amazing game. 10/10"
,Recommended,252610,25308804,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,canagg,"This is based off of a true story.Everything was fine. Kiara, Rosaline, and their dog, Billy, were cruising down the Death Road to Canada. They had over 200 gas, over 30 food, 20 medical kits, and more ammo and weapons than they know what to do with. They were a happy family, eating marshmallows and telling scary stories around the fire.Then... everything changed when the group of bandits attacked.Kiara was killed. But that wasn't the worst part. The dog was killed. Sweet little Billy. Struck down in his prime. Rosaline was all alone.So she traveled on. The car broke down. She walked alone, through the rain. She didn't have time to mourn the lost of her dearest friends... her only friends. Then, when all hope was gone, while looting an apartment, Rosaline found a dog, Jeanette. She adopted Jeanette and they traveled onwards.The two comrades happened upon a junkyard that had a decent car. At the junkyard was another dog that joined them in their new car. Jeanin was one of them now. Their family was growing. They were all smiles and laughs. Jeanette loved to stick her fluffy doggy head out the window.And another dog, Virginia, found them on the road and joined them! Rosalin was surrounded by sweet, loving, zombie-killing dogs. What more could she ask for?But one apartment... there were too many zombies. Rosalin was seperated from her beloved dog. She slashed at the rotting zombies with her rusty machete but she was too tired. Her arms went limp at her side as she felt teeth rip into her flesh. She looked at Jeanette one last time... her last breath was a single, whispering word:""Canada.""The fluffy little dog gathered up her friends, her comrades, her family, and fled the apartment, leaving behind the skeleton of her beloved master. With that one word echoing in her mind, Jeanette jumped in the front seat of the car and taught herself to drive. They were going to get to Canada.The three dogs fought and fought for over a week. They battled their ways through sieges, through swarms, through factories, through grocery stores, through the skeletons of the hundreds of humans who had died in their journey to Canada. So many had died. But these little dogs were making it.They were less than two days away. They stopped at a trading camp one last time. The traders took pity on the three dogs and gave them some free ammo. The dogs were eterneally grateful.But Rosalin had had all the guns.The dogs didn't have any guns.One last stop before reaching Canada.They were trapped in a house.It was a siege. They just had to survive long enough and then escape.Zomies were raining from the ceilings, flooding through the door as a flood of death and gore. No other human had ever gotten this far before. Not even close. But these dogs. These brave dogs, Jeanette, Jeanin, Virginia... they had done what no other human had done. They had gotten to Canada.Almost.Jeanette was the first to die as she desperately tried to lead the pack of zombies away from her comrades and from the door which would soon be open. But the house was too small. She was overwhelmed.Jeanin took over. Sweet little Virginia was being overwhelmed. Jeanin ran in, batting the zombie away, scratching and biting them to protect Virginia, who was quickly becoming tired. Jeanin succeeded in her goal, but only after she died.Virginia. She was all alone. The zombies were busy feasting upon the carcasses of Jeanette and Jeanin. Virginia ran towards the door. The siege wasn't over but it was almost time for that blessed door to be free. She would be ready.But the zombies were far more ready than she was.They were waiting right outside the door and came rushing in to greet her. Virginia fought her way to the door and tried to leave.""It is unsafe to go outside right now.""She couldn't leave. Not yet. She tried to run away. She fought and fought and fought... but it was all for naught. She was less than a foot away from the exit.The zombies circled her and Virginia's body fell to the floor as they bit and scratched her. Her blood was ripped out from her veins and her limbs were devoured by the growling mass of zombies. As her soul slowly left her eyes, she could see one last sign...""The siege is over. It's safe to go outside.""One day away.One driving day away from Canada.Almost.10/10 would get a pack of dogs to drive a car to Canada again."
76561197971190377,Recommended,252610,25198474,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Axis,"Picked up a magical anime girl randomly on the road.  As time went on, she became more anime.Magical anime-chan girl exploded from magical girl anime-ness killing eveyone in my party."
76561198007408511,Recommended,252610,24493176,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MadDogHöek,"Skill has little or nothing to do with completing this game.  Don't get me wrong, you use skill to play the game.  It's quite fun.  But you can get right up to the end, and on the hour of your triumph the game will simply say ""GAME OVER"" in the most abrupt and unpleasant of manners without even a random chance of your success.  You can be at the top of the stats game, tons of supplies, 1 day from the end, and a dialog appears with a single button ""OK"" and says ""Someone forgot to turn the car engine off when the team went to sleep and the entire team has died from carbon monoxide poisoning.""  Is that even legal?  I've left this game feeling like I've been abused.  Like my rights have been violated on some fundamental level.Still, I would buy it again.  Is this what Stockholm syndrome feel like?"
76561198024614581,Recommended,252610,25020666,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Swight probably?,Its a good game
,Recommended,252610,24622672,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bananatee,Far better than expected. If you want a game to play with a friend this is a good one. I hope they continue to add content and more layers. The combat is fun broken up by a unique text based travel system. Keep up the good work devs.
76561197985368940,Recommended,252610,30767600,Posted: 27 March,all,They Call Me Josh,"Haven't made it to Canada yet... though this game is a blast!  It can be unforgiving, but at the same time, its a whole lot of fun.  I wasn't sure if I was going to like it when I first bought it, and grabbed it on a whim.  So glad I did now, its hours of fun and wacky adventuring.  If you are on the fence on this game, then get off it and jump on the Death Road to Canada! You will be glad you did!"
76561198128329483,Recommended,252610,25446515,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mango:3,Me and my m9 played this game and it was sick. its alot like oregon trail but the looting/scavanging segments are very fleshed out. If you dont like hard games you should avoid this one but if you enjoy a arcady/zombie/oregon/canadien/2player game this is a almost must buy
,Recommended,252610,33749595,Posted: 23 July,all,Vandal Savant,"The most inexplicably cheesy zombie game out there, which clearly prides itself on not being taken very seriously.  It's composed of two main gameplay mechanics, which can be oversimplified as;1. The ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" mechanic where you're watching your collective band of jerks on the road making progress to Canada. Here they'll quip at each other in amusing ways, and occasionally run into choices such as who should be the one to get a can of beans off a precarious mountain of garbage, to tell spooky stories while camping, and who should be the brave (and thereafter mortally traumatized) soul of the group to open a box of food which has a piece of dog poo on it.2. ""Always Be Looting"" events which you choose to go onto from the CYOA part of the game. It's here where you control your group as sprites to fight zombies and scavenge for necessities. Scav events tend to be quite explanatory without actually explaining what you'll find there, such as you'll have a choice to either go scavenge a gym (likely has sports weapons and possibly working equipment to train fitness/strength stats) or a pet store (will have animals that you might be able to recruit).The game repeatedly pivots itself between these two main mechanics in a way that I think keeps both of them fresh and interesting. After a few runs though you're guaranteed start to seeing events/places you've already been to in past runs, but between the goofy antics and playing around with custom character perk/trait combos and finding rare characters to recruit for a run, I think the game holds up to what it's worth.A dev frequents the steam forum too, and as of this review seems to be pretty enthusiastic about making updates (new rare characters, weapons, cheevos, areas, events, sprite customizations) for the future. So there's that positive note."
76561198068717441,Recommended,252610,33705724,Posted: 21 July,all,Papari,"Death Road to Canada is a wacky adventure through a zombie infested America that makes the player feel simultaneously terrified of the oncoming hordes of undead, and giddy over what wacky new scenario you'll find yourself in."
76561198130429760,Recommended,252610,29052079,Posted: 5 January,all,INTENSE FOOKIN SALED,"This game is a top notch throwback to the Oregon Trail series of games, with alot of replayability, enjoyable gameplay, and a dedicated dev team supporting it, makes it as great as it is. 10/10 in my books"
,Recommended,252610,30849705,Posted: 31 March,all,Scabard,"Some Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=kNJQgX1Q578Death Road to Canada is mostly a standard roguelike template with a zombie apocolypse setting. It will feel similar to other games such as FTL where you manage your resources and you move from one random 'instance' to another. If you're to make it to Canada at all it will primarily be down to luck and it is very difficult. For instance, the sieges rely heavily on you having spare ammunition as often you won't have the room to manouver around the horde, meaning you really just have to blast them away before you get eaten. If you have to rely on melee, you will soon be too tired to swing your weapon and it'll all be over soon enough. That said, I don't think any of these are bad things, if anything it's somewhat realistic.The locations and characters are all well drawn, interesting and genuinely upsetting to see eaten alive (especially the dog) and by the end of the play you'll feel like you've been through hell with them.The sounds are great although the music is a little too upbeat to ever give the game a truly grim or scary atmosphere. I guess it wouldn't really fit the asthetic of the game anyway if it tried to be anything other than funny.My only gripe would be that the characters get tired too quickly in combat. You often find yourself in situations where you need to run around in circles to avoid combat because you can't swing your weapon anymore. I don't know if the game would be any better without this mecahnic though, possibly losing too much difficulty if it was removed.All in all it's a great game for those that like Roguelikes. The price matches the content and polish of the game and the playthroughs aren't too long or short to make it accessible."
,Recommended,252610,24599398,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Iridium,"Played Organ Trail? It's an excellent redo of the old Oregon Trail, except Zombie-themed. I love the game, it's interesting and dark and grim in a beautiful way. Highly recommended.Now strip away the dark and grim, overcaffeinate it, jack it up with that unique style of methamphetamine crazy, and add an uptempo soundtrack, and you get Death Road to Canada. Even more recommended.This lovely little thing has had me drop multiple other triple-A games I'd been playing to focus here almost exclusively. I have yet to successfully reach the glorious Canadian utopia, but for all my losses I haven't once felt discouraged or frustrated. You fire it up and go again, probably laughing at whatever it was that was your demise. It keeps the humor coming, and it is simultaneously hilariously out of place, and yet completely in tune with the crazy aesthetic. The replayability of this is off the scale for several different reasons.I love this game. My kid also loves this game. This is exactly what the Zombie trope needed."
,Recommended,252610,26979992,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slatrhaus,This game is great. The humor is sometimes a little bizzare but it's a lot of fun. Every run through is different other than a golf course event that I seem to encounter in every run.
76561198155444367,Recommended,252610,33483305,Posted: 12 July,all,⦓𝓝𝓕𝓒⦔ DBwilson,This game shows the cultural impact that Canadians have on the ecosystem with their beavers and there Justins. I rate this game 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,252610,31146592,Posted: 14 April,all,Wirelesspony,I feel lime im scamming them for $15 its a great buy and adactive I ahve it for the ipad as well1!!:D
76561198180296158,Recommended,252610,30799599,Posted: 28 March,all,Mui,"I hardly ever laugh out loud, but this game had me do it twice in the first few minutes.The gameplay is great, the humour is awesome and the mechanics work great and make for a great challenging game.I´ve managed to beat the game once now, but I never felt like it was too hard.The artwork and design are amazing aswel!"
76561198263313948,Recommended,252610,32780552,Posted: 25 June,all,CopperNinetails,This game is super fun and difficult! There's so many ridiculous things to find and that makes this game so much more worth it. Totally worth buying.
76561198107466539,Recommended,252610,33060859,Posted: 30 June,all,Captain Shmarmy,10/10 Can play stoned as♥♥♥♥♥♥on my work laptop and enjoy it for hours on end. Full controler support and pretty good replayability. Oregon Trail in the zombie apocalypse.
76561198104805359,Recommended,252610,31023578,Posted: 8 April,all,dreadlock ninja,-2 days from Canada-Great weps and team stats-Gas station seige-No problem taking them out-Accidentally hits propane tank with melee-Tank explodes and everyone instantly diesPropane is the enemy of manOh and gud game i guess
,Recommended,252610,33056530,Posted: 30 June,all,NighTearic,The kind of tactical based zombie scavenger game that can nearly destroy a run if you have no experience and recruit an anime girl to your party or make certain rare characters unhappy. 10/10 would hate mondays again.
76561198073403953,Recommended,252610,32746318,Posted: 24 June,all,redkid6783,"Death Road to Canada gets my full recomendation. It's very addicting and challenging to get from Florida to Canada with all the events that happen in the game and the characters that you make. If you think that you can beat it in 1 try, I'll give you luck, but when you win, I expect it'l be on your almost hundreth time. I haven't even completed the game yet and I still love the ever loving hell out of this game. The game isn't serious at all, because pugs can hold shotguns and the fact that basically anything, written or seen, is utterly stupid. If you are in the Steam Summer Sale right now (which I am), pick up this game already, it's worth your time."
,Recommended,252610,33900772,Posted: 30 July,all,slimegirls,unfortunate string of events after losing your car simulator 2017
76561198233910460,Recommended,252610,24621783,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Majicman02,I really hope you guys are developing a multiplayer aspect to the game!
,Recommended,252610,24621649,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,W3L7Y,The coolest game I have ever played.
,Recommended,252610,24491884,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"Roam the east coast, search for supplies, find hamburgers in dressers, syphon fuel out of toilets, and lose your mind playing Polybius.A word of advice: your white exterminator van with a giant dead cockroach on the roof is not going to be able to make a sick jump over that bandit blockade no matter what Jessie says. Also be careful about picking up strange old men that reply to everything with ""><>"""
,Recommended,252610,33819162,Posted: 26 July,all,© Roarr!,refreshing!
,Recommended,252610,34892867,Posted: 11 September,all,ｆｕｋｅ,funny without breaking immersion in its weird universe. developer keeps updating and adding content
76561198040370377,Recommended,252610,35168604,Posted: 23 September,all,†<CC><JetPlaneHawkSon>,"Best Rouge-Like i've ever played, it's fun, funny, and overall a great experience with some Oregon Trail and Binding of Isaac elements. Like I said, SOME."
76561198182883123,Recommended,252610,33107978,Posted: 1 July,all,EPICNERDYGUY,I SAW THIS GAME>>>>THEN I BOUGHTIT......NOw?I JUST CANT STOP PLAYING IT!Very Fun Game. IT a mix of oragon Trail/ Pixel/ Zombie Survial.
,Recommended,252610,30966771,Posted: 5 April,all,DogAndPony,"This game has a steep learning curve that will keep you on your toes and coming back for more. With the variety of game modes and huge quantity of rare characters and encounters, there is endless replayability."
,Recommended,252610,35362857,Posted: 30 September,all,Mercy,"SUPER FUN GAME. the only two things i dont like is those people that force themselves into your group, like why cant you just kick them out or shot them or something. i also feel like the game could use or clothes like just plain one color shirts."
,Recommended,252610,35355155,Posted: 30 September,all,Catarsi Sol,"There are no words to describe just how much I adore this game. I really need to give this game a proper review at some point, but for now, this."
,Recommended,252610,24987040,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,destroyyah,"I picked up a guy in a mask named G*RF or something like thatHe complained about mondaysHe then took his mask off and transported us to a death pool of zombies where my whole team was wiped outHe said ""this is my monday""10/10"
76561198057834672,Recommended,252610,25016251,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,kenastion,Great game by itself but it could use an update with mutiplayer and better co-op controls.
76561198095786902,Recommended,252610,24996037,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Groovyjoov,"So, you're walking on a road in zombie ifested florida your dog is dead as is your entire family, then out of nowhere an icecream truck pulls up containing Link,Elvis and a masked killer ""we're headed to canada"" announces Elvis smugly ""you getting in?"""
76561198106933971,Recommended,252610,35306722,Posted: 29 September,all,Fat Goy Slim,"Was skeptical about if this would be worth the money, it was well worth every penny.Not so easy that I could breeze through it the first time playing it and not so hard that I rage quit before reaching Canada.Funny encounters, customizable characters, amusing pre built characters, a simple yet entertaining combat system, zombies and a randomized road trip means it's a fresh experience every play through, I will be spending many more hours on this and so should anyone else who enjoys a zombie game."
76561197977189791,Recommended,252610,30761049,Posted: 26 March,all,gearz557,Meh. Got to the final siege my first play through. They get a little cheap by just throwing sieges at you near the end. Still a fun game. Wouldn't pay more than 10 for it
76561197999022701,Recommended,252610,35501160,Posted: 5 October,all,Mongo Rose,"A bit short but really fun, both singleplayer and multi."
,Recommended,252610,24589054,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nikki_Putin,"Death Road to Canada is an absolutely adorable rouge-like game, despite the amount of spewing guts, bones and limbs flying everywhere around.Imagine for a second Faster Than Light fused with Project Zomboid, plus ridiculous amount of cute humor. Nothing vulgar or dark. Biggest insult you'll encounter in this game is Dingus (and even that is not an insult :p).There's almost not a single conversation in-game that didn't give me a little smile.Combat, and the whole game itself, is simple, minimalistic, non complex at all and still manages to be so addictive and amazing.Today many games advertise on ""randomly generated"" marketing, but not as many manage to execute the mechanic well. Death Road to Canada is not bragging about it, yet it has one of the most impressive randomization mechanics I've ever seen in games.When I said it has resemblance to FTL, it's not just about its replayability, but also the perfectly short campaign.Games with replay value should be exactly like that. Short and interesting, and not have 1000s of hours per playthrough. My shortest (successful) playthorugh on normal difficulty was approximately 1.5 hours. I am yet to do the longer campaign mode, but am already eager to try it out after countless amounts of fails.And speaking of fails, unlike many other rouge-like games, this one does not make you want to smash your keyboard againt the display when you lose. i can't quite explain why. Maybe it's the games general poistivity vibe, maybe it's because things lost are not so hard to gain. Maybe both.And finally for someone like myself who is absolutely into retro games, this one will grab nostalgia by its weakest point. Amazing pixel art combined with great 8-bit soundtrack is a perfect formula to satisfy all the gamers dating way back from times of NES/Sega consoles.Overall amazing. I have absolutely not a single complaint.It's humorous, simple, minimalistic, beautiful and has got great replay value to it.Passing a game like this is like a sin for every self respective gamer, to say the least"
76561198332623008,Recommended,252610,28919383,Posted: 1 January,all,steelsteel,PROS-This game is hard which means you cant just beat this game in one try. You'll have to put actually effort to win-Each try depending on how long you live can last from 20min to a couple hours-cant stop playing one of those one more try games-customizable characters making the game more personalized-multiple game modes-tons of weapons and traits-game getting lots of updates-A.I is good enough to not get themselves killed easily-lots of charm-ZOMBIES!!!-fun combat-cant stay in a place too long making you decide whether or not to enter another location for just a little more supply or make that risky decision in events-amazing soundtrack-simple and changeable controls-fun in single player and co-opCONS-cant manage your food and who gets healed (characters will instantly heal a random person and it would be cool if you could decide who gets food)-some events instantly screw you over and you can be pretty far in a run when it happens (bandits mainly)-if you don't want a character to be on your team because your running out of food or their traits aren't useful anymore you cant get rid of them unless they die or you get somebody to replace the characterNEUTRAL-randomized events repeat a lot (more updates are coming soon and different characters have different reactions to events so its neutral)SUMMARYI love this game and I will not stop playing until I beat every game mode and maybe even make challenges for myself. This game has lots of features and charm with more features to come. My only problems are mainly just things I want added to the game or nitpicks I had with the game. I definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,252610,24588798,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Broq,"HAHAHA this is FTL but with zombies! My advice: made custom characters with people you know, its super funny"
,Recommended,252610,29190848,Posted: 11 January,all,Little Baggy,I love the game but i think it still needs some more things fixed in the game and more cool features should be added but over all amazing game though i die a lot i get different out comes everytime i play!10/10
,Recommended,252610,29244732,Posted: 14 January,all,Oliver's Bitch™,Rambo Saved Me 10/10 probably best game I've played in awhile devs keep updating this game and it's awesome
,Recommended,252610,27992520,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brian Blessed's testicles,Heard good things so thought I'd try it out... Spent the entire night playing it! Co-op play definitely makes the game that much more fun.
76561198105014572,Recommended,252610,29157543,Posted: 9 January,all,Bumbler,"Very polished game, one of the best rogue liked out there. I highly recommend this to fans of the zombie genre as it perfectly encapsulates the tension and struggle of encountering a large swarm while including some great moments of comedy. This game is great."
76561198095427081,Recommended,252610,27573757,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tyler811,does a dog count as a farm animal? i'm nominating it anyway.
,Recommended,252610,29075061,Posted: 6 January,all,2nd_beneds,Wasn't swole enough to make it to canada. But a gnome on a rat was.
,Recommended,252610,29078367,Posted: 6 January,all,Matthewologist,Oregon trail with memes.
,Recommended,252610,29346970,Posted: 18 January,all,Jacket,"Best indie game ever. So much fun to rip and tear through hordes of zombies with friends and family as your ""Buddies"",And then get really emotional when they all die, except the animals. animals OP"
76561198056402938,Recommended,252610,27554087,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rexx,A super addicting game where you and your friends can die at anytime.
76561198005396567,Recommended,252610,29299085,Posted: 16 January,all,AC1D DR☮P,crack
,Recommended,252610,29368606,Posted: 19 January,all,Discount Sushi,"What can I even say? This is one of my favorite games on Steam. There is endless replayability, which is rare for most games. The unique characters and unique deaths you can suffer are always good for a laugh. Unless it's a dog (I'm sorry Fido. I shouldn't have let you run into the mansion alone with that sledgehammer). If you know how to manage your supplies, then you're good. Just kidding, the game can get pretty rough, even if you know what to do. I can't express my positivity for this game ENOUGH! The developers are still adding more and more content so even players with over 100 hours in this game (ahem) find new things about the game every run. Buy it. Unless you don't like zombies. Or Rogue-Like games. Or Canada. Especially if you don't like Canada."
,Recommended,252610,27585243,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fluey,"All the thrill of moving to Canada without even having to leave your home.Simple yet challenging gameplay and tons of funny scenarios encountered during the road trip.Local multiplayer makes it a good choice for couch co-op, although some gameplay aspects in co-op feel off."
,Recommended,252610,29258763,Posted: 14 January,all,Chicken,Pretty fun. Never completed it yet. I also believed it's overpriced. At least $11.00 CAD would of floated my boat.
,Recommended,252610,27602035,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Matsuri2009,a fun game that u can play over and over again.
,Recommended,252610,27551928,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sadness,"Take Oregon Trail/Organ Trail's journey and mostly random event and decision making mechanics, add stats to affect combat and events, put yourself in full control of the characters, and add fun mayhem and overwhelming hordes of zombies.Death Road to Canada is a game that has a wondeful sense of humor that are both randomly hilarious and have references to pop culture you can infer from events. Having the ability to customize your survivors between naming them, stats, and appearance is a great addition to affecting your decision to figuring out who's expendable, and who you'll dive into the horde of zombies to save. The game has a great looting mechanic that really makes you break all the things to find precious resources to keep heading on to Canada, which you hear is a magical and zombie free safe place."
76561198308781891,Recommended,252610,29341234,Posted: 18 January,all,zzbluedreamerszz,it would be pretty cool if you can play with other people online besides that its really fun
76561198050098984,Recommended,252610,24587540,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TheTims,I may not have that many runs in yet but this game is great. My best run so far was when my buddy had dog friend as a perk and kept attracting dogs to the cause. About five days in I felt I was doing well then it happened. A seige completly devasted me killing the two humans in my party. One getting trapped in the horde and the other overcome by the grief of losing his partner charged head first shooting his shotgun as much as possible. All the while my lassy dog fighting with all its heart trying to save who ever was left. It only lasted seconds though the lassy all that remained. Making a getaway just as the horde closed in the dog was all I had left. Then my lassy decided it was time to stick those keys into the ignition and drive. The next day my lassy was mauled by a moose it was trying to help and thus ended my best run. 10/10
76561198306293800,Recommended,252610,29336543,Posted: 18 January,all,evaenoat,Played for like ten times.Never made it to Canada.I'm so messed up
,Recommended,252610,29093097,Posted: 7 January,all,Infectious Frostbite,"After having watched Vinny Vinesauce play this, I decided to give it a try. RNGesus can either be your best friend or an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥ in this game. You can customize the characters you want to play, as well as give them certain stats/perks. But trust me, no matter how good you make out your character to be, RNG can take him/her down easily. It's no wonder that many people struggle to get a certain character to Canada, since it's 15 in-game days long and a lot of RNG-based events can take place during that time.I, for one, was on the last day with my own customized character, but was also in a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation. With low health, not much ammo, weak melee weapons and not-so-good stats, I just couldn't make it. SO close, but yet so far.This is also a good game to stream in the future when I actually can stream. But either way, this game's awesome and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,252610,29401961,Posted: 21 January,all,Timbre Tone,"Roguelikes have quickly become one of my favorite genres and Death Road to Canada manages to take all the elements that make them exciting and engaging and apply them to zombie survival, a genre which has been starting to feel about as stale as the animate corpses they're based around. It's a modest package but like all good roguelikes the simplicty masks a great deal of depth.The music will get stuck in your head. Accept this."
76561198164974873,Recommended,252610,29381768,Posted: 20 January,all,MadAnthony,"I've put 6 minutes into this game and have enjoyed it very much. The music, gameplay along with character customization come together for a game that i look forward to putting a lot of time into."
,Recommended,252610,26570112,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Dinkster,"The game crashed the the day before I got to canada during a siege and I lost my save because of the dumbass ""feature"" that deletes your save if you quit during a mission but overall it was a good game just get rid of that dumbass thing that deletes your save during a mission"
,Recommended,252610,29199218,Posted: 12 January,all,Swarley,Day One: me and my buddy are getting in my dads hatch back on our way to canadaDay Two: we raided a Yall-Mart found some food 30 gas and a handful of bulletsDay Three: found a dog walking down the sidewalk and my buddy fed him treats  now the dog loves himDay Four: we decided to sleep in a building because aparently our car isnt an option ohh what a suprise its on fireDay Five: another Yall-Mart raidDay Six: the dog died   R.I.P patrice the dog day 3 - day 6Day Seven: a random bandit tried to steal all our food we ran and got hurtDay Eight: ohh look another ♥♥♥♥ing Yall-MartDay Nine: The Car ran outa gasDay Ten: SIEGE  my buddy died during the siegeDay Eleven: another house fireDay Twelve: a bandit raided and stole what ammo i had left  im not even looting anymore just leaving and hopingDay Thirteen: just two more days to canada lets hope things pick up from thereDay Fourteen: i stubbed my toe on a rock and died
76561198220355635,Recommended,252610,27726428,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KawaiiCrystalz,"MY FIRST LOOK AT DEATH ROAD TO CANADA:- Saw a YouTube video on a game about pixel zombs, and thought it was cool- Watched a few livestreams on the game that I quickly learned the name was Death Road to Canada- Checked Steam to see if it was avalible on the platform- Added Death Road to Canada to my wishlist- Yesturday saw it was on sale, after almost choking on suprise, I added it and two other games to THE CART- Waited a whole 3 HOURS for the game to arrive- Opened the game, played the tutorial and made me and a few of my friends- PRESSED `HIT THE ROAD`- Survived THE YALL MART- My character, being super charming, went to a trader that trained peps and used her amazing charm- My character died- MY friend was all alone and met a gnome nammed Gnome (I wanted to say such a creative name, but there was no option to say so- My friend met a ANIME MAGICAL GIRL nammed Rodrick-Chan- Then they all died in a fire for some unknown reason in a siegeTHEN THEY ALL LIVED NOT-SO-HAPPILY-BECAUSE-THEY-DIDN'T-REACH-CANADA EVER AFTERDeath Road to Canada: A Rodrick-Chan/10 (Meaning PERFECT)"
,Recommended,252610,27389873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♦♠ BlackJack ♥♣,"It's 2016, and Rocketcat Games just talked me into smashing zombies like Bush was still president."
76561197972397723,Recommended,252610,29688612,Posted: 4 February,all,Batpimp,One of the best games I've ever played.  It's like Oregon Trail + Nuclear Throne + Left 4 Dead.
,Recommended,252610,27734503,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LoneWolf,10/10 would get eaten again
,Recommended,252610,31496844,Posted: 1 May,all,unknownaddict,"Pray the rng gods are kind to you, they weren't to me T-TGood game though"
76561198338841428,Recommended,252610,29696112,Posted: 4 February,all,TheLegend27,The gameplay is great and I enjoy the humor that is implemented overall 10/10
76561198138738936,Recommended,252610,26274940,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lordofbore,"On my second run I had 4 rifles, 2 revolvers, 3 shotguns and a pistol.My only character was a martial artist who cant use guns.10/10 would fail again."
,Recommended,252610,24922707,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Lokly,I played it much more than steam shows.As good as Convoy.Not as good as FTL.50 megabytes of joy.
76561198107475684,Recommended,252610,33414551,Posted: 9 July,all,Shred Roggan,"Great Game. A lot of replay value, great character creation, many different modes you can play which creates good diverse gameplay, great sound track, nice art, and overall just a great game to play yourself or with friends."
,Recommended,252610,32011868,Posted: 27 May,all,d.forier,This game is hours of fun. The characters that you can make with the specific perks and traits add a lot of replayability to the game. The random events in the game always keep you engaged because certain descisions may cost a party member's life.
,Recommended,252610,27908761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Foof,Dog Gets Pokey Stick.Best Game i ever F*cking Played.Thank You.
,Recommended,252610,30780919,Posted: 27 March,all,Vox,The Oregon Trail + zombies.
76561198225832076,Recommended,252610,34049236,Posted: 5 August,all,The BING BONG,Lots of zombies
,Recommended,252610,33576751,Posted: 15 July,all,Californiaball (DIET AMERICOLA),"be mesumo wrestlerbe alone in a junkyardsee horde of zombies""oh ♥♥♥♥""get killed by a dog10/10"
76561198104144810,Recommended,252610,30823647,Posted: 29 March,all,Turtle_Pharts,"Believe the reviews, this was the best purchase ive made in a long time... you gotta co-op this, most fun and lughs ive ever had in local co-op action. Also We live in Canada so this game hits close to home ;)"
76561198048728551,Recommended,252610,28803814,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,diabo_malandro,"Fun game, good for a few hours of fun."
,Recommended,252610,29728972,Posted: 5 February,all,bruceify,This game is worth getting at any price
,Recommended,252610,27324097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hidden,"In Death Road to Canada, you are a survivor making their way from Florida to Canada in a brutal zombie-infested roadtrip. Along the way you'll meet friends, enemies, and frenemies with their own randomized skills and characteristics. You can also create your own survivors and set their appearence and traits. The undead, bandits, and your own ineptitude will put your survival skills to the test as you collect food, fuel, medicine, and bullets. All of which are important on the Death Road.The highlight of Death Road to Canada is the absurdity of it. Mexican wrestlers, giant bug-eyed anime girls, or a Monday-hating orange cat can be meet on the road asRAREcharacters. Reading SWOLE magazine increasing your strength or transforming your dog into a Dogman, the randomized events on the Death Road make each attempt more interesting than the last. All while making you laugh, this game will punch you in the gut with its difficulty and other game modes to mix things up.I wholeheartedly recommend this game for its replayability, awesome soundtrack, and the comedic tone that makes it a memorable roadtrip simulator.[Controller recommended]"
,Recommended,252610,29666217,Posted: 3 February,all,Black Wombat,"I played this game when it came out, and was on the fence about it. Since then, it's had a lot of patches, re-balances, and content updates, and they've made the game much more fun. Ammo is a little more plentiful, weapons last a little longer, it's easier to gain momentum as you go. There are higher difficulties for those who want it, but normal no longer feels arbitratily punishing.Further, I had a man get too sad to continue on the Death Road, and so he trained the dog that was his only companion to drive and told him to go and make him proud. Shotgun-wielding dog then made it to Canada.A+. 5/5. Jasper is the best dog."
76561198304546610,Recommended,252610,29930991,Posted: 14 February,all,knuxtoast,"Man, this is a fun game!It's got the right mood and the right style. It all fits together so well and it knows that it doesn't want to be taken too seriously. Its a great game if you want to play alone or with a friend. I also really like the character customization as well as the variety of other characters, traits, talents, and other things to spice up the game a bit.There is one bit of criticism that I want to give. I kinda feel that the music can be a bit repetetive. I feel that adding a couple more tracks could really compliment with the replayability of the game and the desire of the people wanting those cheevos.Despite that, I recommend this game. It's a great title if you want a quirky post-apocalyptic adventure."
,Recommended,252610,33541656,Posted: 14 July,all,Noire's Secretary,"WTF is this Game?!This game is soooo random!-> BUT THAT'S THE COOL THING ABOUT IT!It's so much fun to play with friends or alone and the total randomness is so funny and entertaining!You can create your friends and/or family and let them fight / die / or do other weird and/or funny things.You never know what will happen at your next try to get to the DEATH ROAD TO CANADA.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SUMMARY:Pros:+totally random and funny as hell+always new events+you can play it with your friends+funny art-style (except you don't like pixel art games)+Talking dogs XDCons:<I haven't found any 'till now, really.>BUT! It's really difficult to get to Canada!"
76561198265073747,Recommended,252610,32580155,Posted: 19 June,all,rdrnnr,"5/5 10/10 This game is a challenge.  Take risks as you fight your way along death road to make your way to canada. Encounter many strange yet wonderful people is rare characters mode, meet fimilair faces as you play through fimilair caharacters mode, or play a more simple yet releaxing verson wint normal people. You can even play two player with you friends. Be prepared to survive seiges and rescue people from building. Beware bandits and other hostile creatures. Can you make it on the DEATH ROAD TO CANADA?!"
76561198012517088,Recommended,252610,24654424,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Norp,The game is fun. It's worth 15$.
,Recommended,252610,25008738,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,HoodyC17,"Made characters based on Kill la Kill.A demon appeared in the car and I fed it some chips.Ryuko turned red and got the devil's fork.Ryuko lost her way.Then found a bunch of katanas, anime, and tsundere otakus in an anime store.10/10, anime is saved."
76561197986144124,Recommended,252610,24996764,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Spartacus778,"Excellent Oregon/Organ Trail style game with humorous events and a surprisingly deep combat system. Very difficult, but very rewarding if you reach the end. A great deal at $15."
,Recommended,252610,34046356,Posted: 5 August,all,Alliedwar,"One of the best and most supported games i've ever played. The developer has put SOOOOO MUCH into this game. The greatest thing is... if you just want to play arcadey you can, if you want to play tactical you can. Almost every game you play is different. There hasn't been this much variety in a game that I've played in quite awhile.So here is a summary of my last gameCreated a few characters that's are based around me and my friends.Left for Canada.Met my friend Erin who loves dogs.Met a dog.Met a random stranger with a machete and mask.Erin randomly disappeared.Met another stranger who looked like an old timey strongman.Kept moving forward towards Canada.Levelled up my party.My character randomly disappeared.The strongman began getting more and more depressed because of the machete and masked character.He disappeared.Made it to the border with the machete and mask guy.He didn't make it past the border.Started again with an entirely different outcome in the end.A+"
76561198171765534,Recommended,252610,28352791,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,gulumika,good
,Recommended,252610,29684417,Posted: 3 February,all,JayToriko,Ever wanted to play as a dog and collect passangers? Wanted to drive the open road and get a demon dog as a friend? You and a friend can do that. You can collect a ton of unique weapons and travel the open road to CANADA! It's great fun. I suggest everyone to get it. It's a solid fun game and it's even just as entertaining when you're on your last stretch in the game. Seriously. Worth the $15. It's tons of random events and it really delivers it! Hilarious situations and silly companions.
,Recommended,252610,24682435,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MaoKittyMaoMao,"I put in a LOT more hours than I expected I was going to get out of it; it's one of my favorite games with witty writing, rewarding challenges, and fun surprises."
,Recommended,252610,27998677,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,royalGambler,"Endless replayability, ridiculous stories to share with friends, use the character creator to go with your friends, and fight and kill and be killed by zambonies. Its just a fun time"
76561198064897950,Recommended,252610,28086230,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SüP,cool it
,Recommended,252610,28105515,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Edgy Whiteboy,A very good game! The controls are a bit weird but easy to get used to. I've played for a few hours so far and I really enjoy it!
76561198082548144,Recommended,252610,29772750,Posted: 7 February,all,Rabid_Fuccboi,"Its like trying to play D&D with some 12 year old who calls himself ""swagmaster"" and calls everyone a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when the players manage to get through his poorly crafted, meme ridden, impossible to survive events and have a successful gameI love it"
,Recommended,252610,29774025,Posted: 7 February,all,Ragnarok9x,"Lots of games have made me lose faith that developers even care about what they put into their games anymore.Death Road to Canada restores that faith in me.If I were to sum up this entire game in two scenes that happened in this game, it would be these two.A dog named Hershel told some guy with a shotgun to ""Cool It!,"" and then proceeeded to fart in this guy's face. This causes the guy to have an emotional breakdown, question what he's been doing with his life, and through some line of thinking, gives the dog his prized autoshotgun.The same dog, Hershel, told a band of bandits to ""Cool It!,"" and the bandits completely forgot they were robbing the rest of my team, and just brutally murdered Hershel.10/10Made me feel more emotions than most games these days."
76561198160103045,Recommended,252610,29773083,Posted: 7 February,all,ivan.of.warren,"My actual hours in this game are probably closer to sixty. It's a great time killer, but don't expect to go in thinking you have a chance. Your success will largely depend on luck. Most of the deaths were fun though, and I kinda rate on a dollar to ""enjoyed hour"" ratio, so Death Road is a clear winner."
,Recommended,252610,27951852,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gummybear Killer,"Fun, funny and chalengeing. 10/10"
76561198081850059,Recommended,252610,29749974,Posted: 6 February,all,[DHP] Muffin,"If this game still looks confusing, I should explain how it works.A group of up to four people is trying to make it to Canada, because of a zombie problem in the US.While some of the game consists around collecting resources and weaponry from places, the game mostly consists around making choices, which may increase stats or get you supplies.Every once and a while, the game will give you options on how to solve a problem. These problems are almost always based on a stat roll, where someone's stats may affect the outcome. Failed rolls may lowered stats, loss of supplies, car damage, or injury or death of characters in the group. Successful rolls will do the opposite, increase stats or gain supplies, but can also just be better than the failed rolls, such as getting out of a burning building unhurt, or charming bandits into taking less food from your group.Now I shall ramble about these stats. There are ten different stats that affect the game. 3 combat stats, 4 personality stats, 2 support stats, and morale. Combat stats consist of strength, fitness, and shooting. These usually help most with gathering supplies but are also in a few stat rolls. Personality stats consist of wits, attitude, composure, and loyalty. These stats only help in stat rolls but they rarely change. Support stats consist of medical and mechanical and while both help in roll checks, they also support the group. Medical allows you to heal teammates and mechanical allows you to repair your car and trust me when I say not having a car is REALLY bad. Morale definately changes the most out of any other stat and is the most common reward or consequence. Low morale will get teammates leaving the group or complaining that someone is pulling the group down. However, these stats are usually kept secret, and thus it's hard to know how the character would do in stat checks.Here are some Pros and Cons.PROS:- Addicting.- Funny.- Custom characters and perks and traits work incredibly well. Great for making friends and family. Characters are fun to make, fun to roleplay, and fun to see in game. Satisfying when perks and traits match well with the person.- Simple yet very nice pixel graphics.- Many, MANY different weapons.- Different, harder difficulties for players who had beaten normal modes.- Dogs.- Cats.- Goats.- I haven't actually played rare characters mode (I'm in love with familiar), but I've seen some of the characters and they have interesting mechanics that differentiate from normal characters and are REALLY funny ideas.- A zombie apocalypse that is funny and makes you feel awesome as oppose to some other zombie games that are darker and depressing, and a depressing zombie world isn't all that bad but the approach this game takes is happier and unique.- Setting AIs from Run, Defend or Fight is so good and so useful. Also, you can make it so that they use melee only, shooting only, or switch between.- Supply gathering never seems repetitive- A lot of replayability.- Unknown stats lead to tough decisions.- Really stressful... but in a good way.- Stats allow for specialization, which is very satisfying, especially in familiar characters mode.- I swear to you that the first time you play this game, you will NOT win. But as you work hard, practice over and over again, it may take 5, 10, or 50 games, but one day, you will complete it. You will beat the mode, and that was my most satisfying moment in this game.CONS- You need to beat Deadlier Road mode before you can play Rare EXTREME or Familiar EXTREME.- Can't make custom dogs or cats.- AI can be obnoxious and unresourceful, such as wasting ammo and trying to decide between two weapons that are exactly the same. And while I like that they don't use grenades anymore, they now take no weapon over a weak weapon, which can also be annoying.- The second last battle is super hard and really intense but the final battle is so much easier that the excitement dies down.However, the pros outweigh the cons here, so I'm giving this game a thumbs up.Oh, and by the way, I haven't even played multiplayer yet."
76561198131043311,Recommended,252610,28153567,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,jacarydy,I found Link from legend of zelda. LOL/10
76561198135923662,Recommended,252610,29380944,Posted: 20 January,all,✧Delta Sixx✧,Stalin told a group of survivors to cool down... got kicked out for being rude10/10 would cool down again
,Recommended,252610,29730430,Posted: 5 February,all,Dannsbago,COOL IT! And buy the game already!
76561198003227119,Recommended,252610,32852460,Posted: 27 June,all,DeadWalking,"They should have turned to Mexico the moment they find out that the further they head north, the thicker the horde becomes,  :DAnd Canada is so ♥♥♥♥ing faraway!!!"
,Recommended,252610,24456927,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,numbskullcritic,"Reach Canada, or die a lot trying to.Like the description says, this is a zombie road trip simulator with random events thrown as you go along your trip. What makes it special is the rare special character that pops up every now and then. Make no mistake, this is a very difficult game even on the easiest setting. Still, the content and story elements make dying and replaying fun and interesting that you won't notice you've been playing it for a while.Even though it's fundamentally a different game from Rocketcat's Wayward Souls, the ""one more try"" aspect is very much alive in Death Road."
76561198141981449,Recommended,252610,29680269,Posted: 3 February,all,Waffle Masta,I found a horse on the road.abondend everybody else.made it to canada with the horse.11/10 IGN will horse again
,Recommended,252610,26500913,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AN7AG0NIS7,I guess it's a game about American refugees fleeing to Canada after a major disaster.
,Recommended,252610,25658390,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Elane»,"Tried to rob some guy selling anime10/10 game, check it out"
,Recommended,252610,25052255,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,A dog just told me to cool itwat
76561198042703586,Recommended,252610,24508455,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BeefPudding,"As a Canadian, I approve."
,Recommended,252610,24945525,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ding Dong,"In a day and age where every game come incomplete and early access , I must say its refreshing to see a complete game like this. This game is worth the 17$ CAD I paid."
,Recommended,252610,24462337,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,FuzzyFishIII,"Leader died in a blaze of glory, the dog became leader, and Emil went through a portal turning her into a dude named limE.Thank you Death Road to Canada. You earned my respect"
76561198059110645,Recommended,252610,29431367,Posted: 22 January,all,"Flamingkitty ""Skill Of Noob""","8.5/10 game, 5/10 gameplayThis game isn't even RNG, the game director does everything it can to make it impossible for you to win. Extreme difficulty can be fun, but only if the difficulty can be overcome by enough skill.I had the dream team of 2, a dog and a human, the dog was max intellect (to the point of being able to use a gun), and we had a fast car with 200 gas, 15 food, great weapons etc and the human decided to leave the death road while at NEUTRAL positivity, leaving the dog. Immiedietly after that, i was stuck in a 2 hour hoard in a mall, with so many zombies that the doors were blocked off with no possible escape while the room was quickly filling up, nothing to throw or anything. There was no decicion i could of made earlier in my gameplay that could of prevented that death.With that out of the way, the gameplay you DO get before being excecuted is fun, plus the soundtrack is dankI'm only recommending this game to protect myself from a hundred fanboys that will swarm any negative comment about any game they play, and for anyone who likes getting hecked with a cactus over and over beause they enjoy the game up to that point"
76561198121110035,Recommended,252610,29759729,Posted: 7 February,all,Luis,"Game is like a the Oregon Trail, but so complex, funny, and ridiculous. The game is tough as nails too and the characters and situations are so funny that every choice you make, will be thought out in fear of losing your characters. Dont get attached to them hahaha!"
,Recommended,252610,28725822,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rhumzinator,-Cats can drive cars.-Cats can talk.-Cat can kill you faster than a zombie.7/5 Best game ever
76561198072110317,Recommended,252610,29741828,Posted: 6 February,all,Pixel47,"A hidden gem, it's a really fun game which I didn't know existed.Found it by accident and had a blast playing it."
76561198175512719,Recommended,252610,24498468,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ieeeee414,"NICE MUSIC. (Attractive and brainwashing like gangnam style)Sometimes you find the sense of humor.Overally speaking, it is a great game."
76561198054917046,Recommended,252610,24953667,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,peanutcrackerful,The best game where you go to canada ever!
,Recommended,252610,30215946,Posted: 27 February,all,A Chick Named Meeds,"Great and fun game, but lacks online capabilities. If that ever becomes a thing then this game would skyrocket even more!"
,Recommended,252610,24455483,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hellkor,"Didn't think it would meet my expectations after such a long wait.It did.Fantastic music, good gameplay, polished, and with excellent co-op."
76561198129235464,Recommended,252610,24891735,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,That One Guy,"This game annoys me so much. When I get a gun, I have no bullets. When I get enough ammo to arm a whole army, I have no gun. When I'm low on food, raiders steal my food. I start with car nut, I get the worst car I've seen so far. I start with paranoid, team mates still constantly lie about stats. I'm offered a bunch of food, I only get 2. I get a new car, i don't have any gas for it. I get a bunch of gas, I lose my car. My team mate gets violently murdered by just a house cat. Yes I know it's supposed to be funny, but the game is harder than Dark Souls. At least in Dark Souls you can try to get better. In this though your only hope for survival is praying that stupid stuff doesn't murder you in your sleep because being nearly dead isn't dead enough for this game. I understand that it's supposed to be challenging, but I have no hope of winning. I have never made it past 3 days. I can't even get a fourth of the way there before getting murdered by some random creature, or commiting suicide! I still have hope though, that maybe one day something funny happens."
76561198086946948,Recommended,252610,25126237,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Green Jacket,Made custom charators of people i know for 53 mins then failed to get to canada about 6 times. the game is challegeing and sometimes funney. it should be cheaper bye a little bit. more options for custom charators. 8/10. one of the better games i got this year
76561198173175137,Recommended,252610,30696530,Posted: 23 March,all,Stewartsaurus -88-,The Lowest difficulty is too hard. so pretty much all the fun I have in this is making custom characters.but I'm still hoping for a lower difficulty. I could've bet it once but everyone was kicking everyone out of the party and I had to go through a seige with only 2 people. both died.
,Recommended,252610,24661196,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Spubby,"The governor attempted some aggressive off-roading, leaving only one survivor.""SIEGE ALERT! THERE'S NO ESCAPE!""Well♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198034469485,Recommended,252610,29726995,Posted: 5 February,all,Powermonkey,Death Road to Canada exceeded my expectations.  Great fun with two players!  I do hope there will be LAN play in the future along with support for more players.
,Recommended,252610,29619777,Posted: 31 January,all,quedwards,"*Game Start*Ha ha. ""Y’all Mart” that’s funny.*Fights zombies until exhausted**Dies**Game Restart*Ok, ok.  Let’s try “Rest Stop.”  That’s bound to be more tame.*Mauled**Game Restart**Deep breath*“Quiet Motel”*tries running this time**lives through Day 1*Yeah!  I’m kicking Canadian @$$ now!*Comes across roving banits*You’re not taking my food!*Dies**Game Restart**Path blocked by tree**Attempt to lift it**Crushed by tree**Game Restart*11/10.  Will die again.  And again.  And again."
,Recommended,252610,24894196,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,STUDENT LOAN DEBT,"Made a whole bunch of Touhou characters...Only one made it...10/10, waiting for more updates."
76561198061750921,Recommended,252610,24963142,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DeadMan_Playing,"I'M NOT A DINK OK ?but 10/10 would be a dink again.also, the catchyest tunes since Undertale :) and i don't even ow Undertale so take that as it is.also proves the Zombi armageddon would not eradicate stupidity.Ha ! take that Darwin ! Maybe."
,Recommended,252610,32759857,Posted: 25 June,all,💗Summer💗,"Welcome to the best story maker in steam : Death Road to CanadaThis Game is a reminder of a little old game we would play on our dos computer called organ trail which had a good forumla and was a good game, But The devs of this game took the forumla and turned all the way up to 11!This has to one of the games that i enjoyed the most ever * yes, even more then nuclear throne and binding of issac*ProsIt has funny outcomes and can be relaxing to playTHE MUSIC IS SUPER GOOODDyou meet random characters on the wayDogs and cats are in the game as wellThey can also become super dogs or cats and carry shotguns or a baseball bat, and if you dont think thats cool, then what type of person are you!every run is diffrentcustom characters!!! * this is a big one*You can create your own titles for each on of your runs Like this -> The adventure of 4 idiots : road to mother russiathis game gets weekly updatesCons.each game takes about an hour or socats can kill you for some reasonAll around a 8.5 out of 10...This game is a must"
,Recommended,252610,24622516,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Spanish Empire,Honestly this game is one of the best 8 bit zombie games out there!!! 9.5/10 its kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥those sieges but besides that its okay
76561198118482058,Recommended,252610,29718180,Posted: 5 February,all,marcus-abraham,"Started the game off by creating my family (dad,mum,brother,nan,uncle and ME!!!!)Turns out im not good at surviving and i was swiftly killed while trying to work out how the game worked.My brother was still left though so i went on an adventure!......And was then pinned down in a ""survive the horde"" sort of game.Then i found my golf loving dad at a driving range wielding a golf club.Things were looking up!I even replaced a persons head with a pugs head...... because you can do that in this game so why not XDThen eventually all of the group died when they were left carless and were attempting to get another one.In summary:THIS GAME IS AWESOME!"
76561198100734356,Recommended,252610,24925757,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ama35,"I started off as a young athletic man with nothing to lose, riding solo in the zombie apocalypse or however you spell it. I looted a few stores here and there gathering food and medical supplies for my journey ahead. After gathering some supplies, a woman named Jetta wanted to join my group! I was excited and anxious to see what the future had in store for the two of us. We got along pretty well, she always told me to shut up, but I think she was just flirting. All of a sudden, our first siege came upon us! Luckily it wasn't too big of a horde and, I had gathered enough bullets for my pistol to hold off the zombies until we could escape. We made it out alive, our first siege. We had been through a lot after only being together for a day or two. I think our relationship was really beginning to blossom! We were getting closer and closer to Canada, we could taste the free health care. Then another lone survivor came across my group! His name was Drew and he claimed that he had a very skilled background in medicine! I was happy to hear that because a doctor is always a plus in the zombie apocalypse!Me, Drew, Jetta, fighting through grocery stores and small towns in search of more supplies to aid us in our survival. After looting some stores, we came across the greatest loot we would ever find, his name, Alessandro, the most loyal creature in the world, Alessandro the hero hound. The 4 of us continued on our journey, we were running low on medical supplies, and Jetta was very low on health, living on the edge between life and death. We stopped in a junk yard in the hopes of finding more medical supplies, and more gas. The horde here was massive, it wasn't looking good for the group. We rummaged through old broken down cars and piles of rubble, no medical supplies, but I did find a safe with a bunch of gas so that helped. I wanted to stay a little longer to see if we could find anything to heal Jetta. That was when I knew that I made a horrible mistake, we were cornered, the only way out was through a horde of 40+ zombies. Swinging our hatchets and kitchen knives we fought as hard as we could through the horde to try and get Jetta out and to safety, but...it was too late, Jetta's baseball bat snapped in the middle of the horde...One bite to the neck...Jetta went down. The zombies began ripping her to shreds, all we could do was watch. We had to get out of there before the zombies got to us too, ""BARK! BARK!"" Alessandro said as we drove off from the junkyard. A truly emotional loss for the group, but its survival of the fittest and we had to move on.Right after our junkyard disaster we came across a SIEGE! I was low on health and I had no ammo for my pistol. Drew had a strange looking orange knife and I thought to myself, WOW HE HAS SOME SORT OF LEGENDARY WEAPON, but no...it was just a rusty machete. The siege horde was massive, and we were stuck in a building with no rooms. Zombies came flooding in through the door, we hacked away at their rotting heads hoping to make it out alive! I was down to my last few breaths, I was exhausted from swinging my hatchet, my hits were doing no damage, I had to run into another corner to recuperate while Drew and Alessandro kept fighting. I regained my strength and dove back into the zombies, FOR ALESSANDRO!!! I yelled. Drew was slightly offended but he didn't have time to get angry, because a zombie had grabbed me by the leg right as I dove into the horde. I went down, as the zombies ate away at my insides and I let out my final screams of life, I heard Drew and Alessandro scamper out of the house, they made it out alive.Then there were two, Drew and Alessandro the hero hound. Their drive to their next location did not last long, they came across an impassable obstacle, they were doomed, and they knew it from the start, it was...The River of Death. Drew and Alessandro ran into the wet, dark, zombie filled maze. Alessandro sprinted ahead to find an escape route while Drew followed far behind fighting through the zombies with an old kitchen knife. Alessandro needed help fighting the zombies and was also having trouble finding an escape route, so he ran back to find Drew. They met eyes from across the hall...there was a look of shock on Drew's face, he had nowhere to run, zombies were latched on to his legs. He was dragged to the floor as almost a hundred zombies hurried to his corpse to get their long awaited meal.Alessandro knew he couldn't stay in this hell hole. He was low on health and didn't know if he would make it out alive, but he had to try. He ran as fast as he could dodging left and right between massive groups of zombies. He busted through 3 or 4 doors trying to find the light to the outside. He knew he was getting close, but he could hear zombies all around him, his adrenalin spiked and he began to run faster than he had ever run before. Alessandro ran through a door into a long empty hallway, he was home free! He thought he was...the hallway ran out...the splashes of water coming from hundreds of zombies filled the room at the end of the hallway. With zombies in front of him marching towards, and plenty of zombies still hungry from Drew's devouring, Alessandro had no choice. He had to hope that there was a door to the outside through this massive crowd, he went for it. The zombies grabbed at him and snatched at his weak legs hoping to bring him down just like they did to Drew. Alessandro could see the light! The doorway to freedom! The road to Canada was just in front of him waiting to be taken on for at least a bit longer! He was almost out of the horde, he could smell the air from outside, he kicked it into high gear! Sprinting for his life and hoping to avenge the others and make it to Canada! Alessandro knew he had made it past the horde, until...he felt a tug at his leg, he FLEW BACK into the horde!! Alessandro yelped and howled for his friends, but they were all gone, the dream of making it to Canada was lost. RIP Alessandro, we will never forget you,If you have read up to this point, thank you very much, this took me forever to write. Awesome first playthrough, and I expect there will be many more to come, thanks for reading my story, also buy this game it's really fun!12/10 would run mindlessly through giant zombie horde with no health again."
76561198004601568,Recommended,252610,29691623,Posted: 4 February,all,Dancing Cow!,"Gets to play with santa on Xmas day, gets him to max strenght and fitness, becoming a god of destruction.10/10 would smash with santa anytime"
,Recommended,252610,30868830,Posted: 31 March,all,King Malotroth,People have been telling me the game is hard.I bought it one weekend.Played it for a few days.Beat it in two.\o/
76561198067508431,Recommended,252610,30482200,Posted: 12 March,all,Eric C. Conn(Final Form),"Hank and Bobby Hill started their magical trip. Found a weiner dog cause Bobby is the dog whisperer. Hank meets a tragic end but it is ok because it is a hardware store. Bobby attempts to swat a bee, gets stung and dies like the drama queen he is. Weiner dog is superior to man and the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knows it. 10/10 i propaned."
,Recommended,252610,28779087,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Soma Cruz,"One part Zombieland, one part roguelike, and one part 2d action brawler, DRtC is the game that we all hope every zombie game will be. It is the game every zombie game promises to be. It's very specifically the game Organ Trail promised it would be.I wish I was articulate enough to explain why this game is so good, why it's such a delight to play, and why it's so addictive. I can't, but I hope however high my hours played gets for this will serve as a testament.Death Road To Canada is very, very good, and you should buy it."
76561198030798266,Recommended,252610,28543985,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BrainDrained,THIS GAME MAKES ME VERY HAPPYSTILL HAVEN'T MADE IT TO CANADA.
,Recommended,252610,30676589,Posted: 22 March,all,DaDemon,"It is great! Music rolling, zombies follow, mates die) Crushing enemies is really hard, but the mood makes it exciting."
76561197961774441,Recommended,252610,33323772,Posted: 6 July,all,GordoBoss666,"Awesome game in many aspects but the soundtrack, it's out of place, it's bad, it 's not even generic for a zombie game or anything, it's like playing mario with a heavy metal soundtrack, or mortal kombat with a polka soundtrack.Game muted 9/10"
,Recommended,252610,28241227,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Twix the Christmas Fox,"ROADTRIIIIIIIIIIIIP!EVERYONE NEEDS THIS GAMESeriously though I have no idea why this isn't a more popular game, it's so amazing, it's one of the best roguelites I've played to this day. Comedy, difficulty, amazing music, and everything else. This game is a game I can see myself sinking multiple hours into, I have 10.5 hours into it already and I only bought it like 5 days ago, not much until you realize I've only spent like the last 2 of those 5 days playing games, and I was still busy as hell. This game really really needs to be noticed more, because it's an absolute gem amongst indie games.Oh, and also always remember, cool it."
,Recommended,252610,28305962,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Baxter,"This game is an amazing, goofball zombie survival mess."
,Recommended,252610,31210905,Posted: 17 April,all,Capt. Dexter Grif,"I met Lank, from the Lagand of Zalda"
76561198013560671,Recommended,252610,25539653,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Thy bepis doggo,COOL IT.
76561198032121493,Recommended,252610,24615578,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Baron Sengir,really fun!
,Recommended,252610,33944455,Posted: 1 August,all,Grey Moth,"As Candian as maple syrup, and as hard as a lumberjack's pecs."
,Recommended,252610,34053124,Posted: 5 August,all,johncenaforlyfe,"This game is replayable. Im not just saying this because it has an RNG system, THIS GAME HAS SO MUCH CONTENT AND CUSTOMIZATION.I just played this game for six hours and 15 minutes.I lost my first 2 Runs, getting pretty far to Canada.My 3rd and final run for the day i won with A man with an army of Skeletons, Old Snake from Metal gear(I implemented this character), and The King Elvis.It took me 2 hours to beat it on my 3rd run.So, what im trying to say is that this game will be FOREVER Replayable because the Dev is SUPER Committed."
,Recommended,252610,26497461,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DYL,"Didn't like the results of the American presidental election? Tired of paying out the♥♥♥♥♥in medical bills? Or do you just want a convenient excuse to shoot things without getting in trouble? Why not take the Death Road to Canada?Drive across the country from state to state, collecting supplies, fighting off bandits, and slaying zombies along the way. There's a bit of an Oregon Trail vibe as you have to keep your party healthy, and make decisions as to where to go to collect supplies. There's also roguelike elements as you can increase the stats of your characters, every run will be different, and death is permanent. You can however make custom characters that you can start the game off as, or perhaps even run into them in future runs.The game is both addictive and challenging, and I highly recommend it. If anything, it'll be good practice if the worst happens should our next presidnet screw everything up!"
76561198198844633,Recommended,252610,34095174,Posted: 7 August,all,WoodDavers,">8 driving days to canada>come across a guy who made himself emperor of a town he found>threatens my team to get us out of his house>begin to leave>he hecks and bribes us with food and gas>let him in>found out that all of his personality traits are complete garbage>shrug and keep going>inside yall mart>horde has us against a wall>unloading ak47>emperor doing nothing to help>shrug and keep going>inside pitch black mansion cant see anything>see that emperor is letting a dog get beatin' to death>freak out and try to save dog>fail completely, dog dies because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag was too busy running away>3 days to canada>demon possesses a group mechanic, demanding sacrifice>emperor gets chosen in record timeR.I.P emperor Kuzco, you were never going to last long anyway"
,Recommended,252610,25405626,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,BONES,Zombies. Canada. cant ask for anything more.
76561198170870761,Recommended,252610,32566663,Posted: 19 June,all,Charles983,"This game is very creative, the only thing I would add is more special charactersRick and Morty, Fin the human,  And of course CatMan(I will still be making fan fiction of CatMan before he's in the game)10/10 would reccemond"
,Recommended,252610,25221814,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mr.Spooko ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ,Pretty much this video sums up my experiencehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTOwMeimSl4
,Recommended,252610,25663318,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Portal Pony,JUST TAKE MY MONEY!
,Recommended,252610,25732426,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Oberon,"It's like Oregon Trail, but the bees are stronger than zombies.11/10 would nuke all bees again"
76561198312715726,Recommended,252610,26018450,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Big Daddy Trump,This game is awesome if you have the money you need to get it
57890189074893789,Recommended,252610,26234221,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Shiny Lime,This is one of the best games ive ever played very hard game i still cant believe i made it canada
,Recommended,252610,26241456,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Flunk,"A fun game with a unique art style and sense of humour, along with one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard."
,Recommended,252610,26213658,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Miguel A. Spain,My Gram died doing what she loved most.Shooting Zombo's in the face with shotgun with her grandson.
,Recommended,252610,32579677,Posted: 19 June,all,Metroid3d,Could use online.
,Recommended,252610,29703124,Posted: 4 February,all,partlyhuman,The only zombie game I actually have fun playing.
,Recommended,252610,32841447,Posted: 26 June,all,grilled cheese sandwich,This game very quickly turned from a group of three survivors to a very intense drama about two dogs trying to make it to Canada. They eventually die...10/10 RIP Hippolito and Bonit
,Recommended,252610,34026922,Posted: 4 August,all,Kosmik Kat,"So...I beat the base game in about 2 hours and...im diving right back in to play another round. If you like ultra addictive games that great dev teams, funny and wierd humor plus hard but fun gameplay, pick this game up!"
76561198184325422,Recommended,252610,31581162,Posted: 6 May,all,Rob,I sent me and my brother on an epic journey to canada- Abandons my mom- Recruits dog named bernard- Bernard is very angry and disloyal- I die and Bernard becomes leader- We lose the car- Everyone gets injured- Finds a lame car- Recruits my dad- Makes more and more bad decisions- Bernard abandons everyone and goes to canada by himself- But he has no food- But it's ok because we found a candy bar- it's actually not okay because dogs can't eat chocolate- Bernard diesThen 20 games later- Dog named Kyle joins- Everyone but Kyle dies- But hey it's fine because Kyle evolved into a human- Kyle meets a demon- She gives him a chip bag- The demon calls her a dingus and hits her- Kyle turns into a literal redhead and gets extremely buff- Kyle picks up a man off the street- They're doing fine because Kyle keeps getting stronger and stronger- I start making bad decisions and I make the man from the streets tell some bandits to cool it- They take everything- We get kicked out of a trading camp because apparently telling someone to cool it won't get youweapons.- They both die in a seige.Great gameonly took 35 hours to beat
,Recommended,252610,24472127,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hausu,"Where do I even begin with this game. First off ive been playing this game for about 7 years now and every playthrough ive had of it was exellent. There is alot of variety when it comes to builds. There is the obvious Light/Dark or Grey option for the game but there is also Force user builds, Ranged builds, Pure combat focused guardian, etc. I find the combat to be enjoyable (In my opinion) since its tactical and you can really plan attacks and things of that sort. Take DA:0 for example. Its pretty much the same system. You can start with 3 beginning classes: Guardian (Combat focused), Sentinel (Better skill progression), and Consular (Force powers). You then later in the game get different set of prestige classes depending on your allignment. Now, lets get to the writing of the game. This game has one of the best stories I have ever seen. You'll see once you play it for yourself. The reason I prefer this game slightly over the first is just because I prefer the darker, philosophical, grey aspects of the atmosphere and story a bit better (Kotor 1 is also one of my favorite games). Anyways, this game presents the idea that Dark is not necessarily evil and Light isnt nessesary good and you really get to see the Flaws of both sides. For example, you play as the Jedi Exile, who was exiled from the Jedi order for rusing to war to protect innocents. The Jedi were lazy and waited to ""evaluate the threat"". The dialouge and voice acting in this game is absolutely fantastic (Especially Kreia). For this game, you dont even need to be a fan of Star Wars. A non Star Wars fan would look at this game and just play an RPG. However a Star Wars fan would look at this and play an amazing Star Wars RPG. The reason for this is because the game is set in an era wayyy before the Movies. One flaw however, would be the cut content presented this game. Obsidian (The developers) were rushed to release this game by lucasarts, resulting in them needing to cut out content for the game. Luckily, a group of community modders managed to get into the games files and restore alot of the content that was cut. You can find the mod on the steam workshop. Anyways, hurry up and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,252610,34911918,Posted: 12 September,all,youtube.com/c/TheRockShowIsOn,My friend fell asleep and almost killed us. Best co-op experience ever 10/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84bMkfkIKME
,Recommended,252610,33676896,Posted: 20 July,all,Orderan,"A crazier version of Oregon trail with looting sections, where having a character dying because he said ""COOL IT"" one more time while you try cheering M(J)ason so that he doesn't kill your dog is another day in his desperate bid to reach the last nation on earth is just another day...I love this game."
,Recommended,252610,24496392,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[TMC]Quicksilver6,"Great game, distinct from The Organ Trail despite the same overall concept. This is more of a frenzied sprint rather than The Organ Trail's marathon - instead of distance, you have 15 days of driving from Florida to Canada. You need gas, food, and whatever you can get your hands on. Good luck, godspeed, try not to die.Exploring points of interest makes up a majority of the gameplay and is very action oriented. You can choose who goes out, and then the scavenging party goes of to a randomly generated SNES style action map level, very distinct from OT's EGA emulation.Shooting zombies was the main defense in OT. While that's an option here, there's a huge emphasis on melee, knocking down enemies, and mobility - running past zombies RE style is usually your best option when scavenging. You and your buddies can die out there, you do not immediately get sent back to safety OT style after zombie contact. It actually takes being cornered or prolonged zombie contact to die, though, hence the mobility emphasis.The only real complaint I have is that some mechanics may be initially obtuse, though you will probably be okay with this if you are a fan of rogue-likes that do similar things. For example, stats are hidden until you use them, which can be quite frustrating if you make assumptions or are gambling wildly on skills. I can't really say it's a negative as it does become more apparent over time who is good at what, or if you just make custom characters, but beware if it's your first time out!In summary: good gameplay that's more active and engaging. Lots of game modes, easy to get in and out of, quite funny, great music, and gives me an odd River City Ransom vibe when scavenging, especially with some ai partners or better yet a second local player along.Final note:For the love of god, if you find a man dressed as Garfield, DO NOT TAKE HIM ALONG. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID. HE IS THE ANGEL OF DEATH AND MONDAYS."
,Recommended,252610,24474014,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Arn,An absolute 100 percent recommend.
76561198086985294,Recommended,252610,26540372,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,crazymario5,-Does Long Winding road-On first day demon posseses and kills my partner aka my mechanic-Travel on my own for a bit-Find some random woman who I rescue just so I can have someone to watch my back-Encounter my good friend who is great with medical and mechanical-random woman dies in zombie swarm-buy a fire-ax-realize that fire-ax isn't as good as I thought-good friend dies in a different zombie swarm-alone again for a bit-pick up Hillary Clinton-Other stuff happend-I was too unhappy and I left the group-Hillary is last person left-Quits game because I'm not playing as Hillary Clinton-Great game 9/10 has split screen
76561198175693535,Recommended,252610,30630163,Posted: 19 March,all,Ducktoast85,"Honestly, it's such a great game to just sit down and just go for it. I also really enjoy the local multiplayer aspect of the game, it makes it so much more exciting and chaotic! (in a good way)"
76561197968304707,Recommended,252610,30779184,Posted: 27 March,all,faustie,"Very satisfying procedural elements, out of place music and intricate character development systems.  A diamond in the effluence."
76561197970606429,Recommended,252610,24467704,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Will G,https://youtu.be/dkbZ0zFx4scOne of the random events so far was picking who to blame for farting in the car.10/10 for being able to blame the dog!
,Recommended,252610,24486581,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Danbrochill,a solid 5/7Insanely fun
,Recommended,252610,24740026,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tammilisäke,"Let me tell you a story about a guy and a random dog he found in a ditch.Girlymaaaaaaaaaan (Named after an akward time back in college when he looked like the Bootleg Michael Jackson) was driving to canada in his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hybrid car with 2 expendable ♥♥♥♥♥ in the trunk, then 1 day when they we´re driving like usual, a feral ♥♥♥♥ing mut replaces one of the expendable dudes.After that the dog (now named Smith) does jackshit and lets his new comrades die. Then 1 fatal day when he let´s the last Humie (GIRLYMAAAAAAAAAAAN) die, he steals the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hybrid car and starts driving, shooting, trading, farting in the car and wandering who the hell did it even tough he´s the only being in the car.Then one day smith desides to have a little humanity and help some dudes in a shootout and ends up being shot and killed.R.I.P Smith the dog, a true deathroad survivor. PS. 10/10 whould leave Bootleg Michael Jackson die in a cottage again."
76561198021177661,Recommended,252610,24777764,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Frazinator,10/10 Would have anime girl blow up in my face again.
,Recommended,252610,33030305,Posted: 30 June,all,malaisling,"Was originally disgruntled to find this game discounted to still be over ten dollars, but it is well worth it.The game combines Rogue-like random map generation, haphazard disposable equipment and permanent death with Role-Playing character creation, character statistics and gameplay choices as well as various random text and gameplay events to create an exceptionally fun and replayable road trip simulation.The combat, while very simple, is enjoyable and even strategic in the players ability to use furniture as both weapons and tactical blockades which do actually work. The zombies are highly varied in terms of appearance and are very weak on their own, as they should be, but primarily become a threat in hordes. And the computer controlled follower behaviour is top tier; followers smartly weave through environmental obstacles to follow the player and they will quickly disengage from combat if the player does as well. Players even being able to set followers to favour certain fighting styles. This makes followers absolutely no hassle or hindrance to have around which is something that many full production games fail to even do. The programming for the zombies themselves is actually quite dynamic, especially in that if the player leaves their line of sight they will wander towards where they last saw the player. Allowing for various strategic baits and dupes.Catering to multiple different playstyles with individual character perks largely impacting random gameplay elements, the game has a very healthy amount of randomization. Including a variety to everything from the weapons, character appearances, text events, gameplay events and areas along with an absolutely smashing final battle to make it extremely replayable.The primary downside to the game is that it can be very brutal at times, like most Rogue-likes, and will just wipe the player out with no mercy. While this more often can be avoided by making good or hard choices, it is still a possibility which may frustrate some players. But this is a relatively common aspect of randomly generated permanent death games. But unlike others, experience will eventually allow players to overcome a lot of problems and avoid brutal deaths; which is especially useful for the variety of higher difficulty modes the game has to offer.In all, a fantastic addition to the indie genre and a champion of everything high quality indie games excel at. Charm, fun and replayability. By far one of the most enjoyable, most well designed games out there in terms of being a game you play simply to have fun."
,Recommended,252610,24528268,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Commissar Draco,Killed more by feral cats and ants than zombies...?
,Recommended,252610,24771691,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,versace violator,">make perfect combo>find best bodybuilder in the world, T*L*B>continue driving until 3 days left>portal in road>throw T*L*B in>becomes B*L*Tᕙ/10 would have a muscle man become a sandwich again"
76561198090866900,Recommended,252610,29261076,Posted: 14 January,all,"Quick, Change the channel!",My experience with this game:Magic girl blew up and killed everyone11/10
76561198156346400,Recommended,252610,28960622,Posted: 2 January,all,Dappletail56,Best Indie game i've ever played.
76561198130650089,Recommended,252610,29732267,Posted: 5 February,all,GIMIDATGOOCH,"Love playing on gamestream via my 4k shield on my 65"" TV w/ the wife. Its a blast and every game is different from the last. Its not a walk in the park either which is nice.Please work for better xbox controller support via gamestream like rocket leauge. Would also love 4-player local. Great Game :)"
,Recommended,252610,29733389,Posted: 5 February,all,xoufire723,"I beat the game twice one time on regular and Familiar Characters Mode out of the 25 run. Very funny on the thing you pick can save your butt most of the time. Alway keep up morale or your character start to leave by steal your supplies. Game is good but the game make it you have to have all slot fill or a S*** load of zombies are gonna f*** you up like you run out of breath be all red and can't swing your weapons. Best tip when you rob, rob people that are trading for food or gas. Never rob the weapon master cause  most of the time they will kill you or your hold group takes 2 damage.Over all this game end really fast depends on your character and their ability to stay calm or be stronger with melee weapon or start with better weapon. Can customize your own characters. Wish i had more place to explore to get more supplies cause only one or two house fill with junk just makes it harder to beat the game. I give it a 4 out of 5.P.s NEVER ADD JASON TO YOUR TEAM....."
,Recommended,252610,27561115,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SuicidalBuddhur,"This game is underrated. It's community isn't large. But the game has active developers who constantly update the game's contents and play a huge part in the forums. The game is full of tiny easter eggs such as popular characters in a form of a parody such as Rambo or Link from Legend of Zelda. The game has a higher difficulty curve but has a lot of replay value. It is easily worth 15 dollars for the amount of hours you can get out of the game. If you have a harder time with the game, it is very simple to modify a few game files that are shown in a discussion to make the gameplay experience easier. There are many different variations in the form of modes and for anyone who enjoy games such as FTL, Binding of Isaac, or others in this genre, you should at least give this game a try."
76561198040675141,Recommended,252610,29273409,Posted: 15 January,all,MAROCTHEBOW,"Begin my adventure traveling to Canada when I came upon a Man breaking pots with a massive sword and shouting out gibberish, who would of knew that we would become BFF. Met up with a Woman who charmed everyone, even herself. We became the ultimate zombie killing squad (there was also someone else but all she did was running around wasting my ammo on chairs), we finally got to Canada and that alone caused L*nk to speak english for the very first time.10/10 would go on a road trip to Canada again."
,Recommended,252610,29339238,Posted: 18 January,all,♡ an abundance of strawberries.,TOO SWOLE TO CONTROL!!!
,Recommended,252610,29442028,Posted: 23 January,all,Emerald Phoenix,Saw Sips play it...Too much fun.
,Recommended,252610,29755471,Posted: 6 February,all,CombatCarl,"Found platypus and mooseBegin to think about how ♥♥♥♥ed we areZombies begin to swarm our groupOnly three of us are left,I'm sure we'll all dieMoose and Platypus proceed to murder every undead being in our vicinityNeedless to say we made it to Canada10/10"
,Recommended,252610,29172550,Posted: 10 January,all,Scythe M.D.,like markplier's vanish i still can't beat this !@#$ing game!!!oh? um....? 4.5/5 it's pretty good i guess
,Recommended,252610,29747471,Posted: 6 February,all,zax,"this game is hard af and it tries to kill you in every situation, sometimes it becomes annoying as ♥♥♥♥ but its fun as hell totally worth it!"
76561198101039258,Recommended,252610,29754387,Posted: 6 February,all,Highlord -TPF-,"I loooove this kind of game, when the graphics dont matter the mechanics make the game.Its good, maybe even great but I've not played a lot yet"
,Recommended,252610,29172647,Posted: 10 January,all,Cteklite,"Death Road to Canada is a game about controlling a car full of jerks as they ♥♥♥♥ up literally everything from Florida to Canada.If you're a fan of games that are unforgiving at the slightest mistake, you should get this. If you lose your car, you lose the game.Pro Tip: Make custom characters that you'll be comfortable with. There'll be situations where you can talk your way out, or you'll have to fight your way out of.Pro Tip 2: There's no shame in asking for help or going to the wiki. I know I said it before, but this game is UNFORGIVING."
,Recommended,252610,30190586,Posted: 26 February,all,FacepalmRunner,"Not bad! Although it's not really that amazing since there are some features could be annoyed for some players like no permanent game saving or heavily luck base, but it's still a decent game. I can recommend this!And, by the way, this game is actually a rogue-like type so it might be quite challenging."
,Not Recommended,252610,30799991,Posted: 28 March,all,Caution! HotBeverage,"Initially it was fun, but after more than twenty tries, reading through forums and tips and hints, I still can't beat this game. After several  random events that just kill my characters for no obvious reasons and after two consecutive siege events that each last 1 hrs and 4 hrs, I am starting to thnk this game is full of bs.The control is problematic as well, you can't simply turn your face from left to right or right to left by pressing the a or s bottom, you need to make a clockwise or counterclockwise turn, which wasted time when a horde is near - thus increase the difficulty of the game.The game is not well polished, fun but frustrating.I would recommend it only they do some imporvement on it. RIght now, no."
76561198087302154,Recommended,252610,24454441,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,"Sanchez, Rick","Waiting for this game since 2013, Now I am complete. xD"
,Recommended,252610,32827816,Posted: 26 June,all,wildghost03,"buy it, ya d*ngus."
,Recommended,252610,31427516,Posted: 28 April,all,ssulcer,C O O L I T
,Recommended,252610,34827028,Posted: 8 September,all,Slim Poppa,"I purchased this game while Florida was getting butt fuqqed by 3 hurricanes, so this game feels like an accurate represenation of what its like for the citizens of Florida right now"
76561198031235256,Recommended,252610,30173413,Posted: 25 February,all,scott1,A fun game that is pretty hard... It's worth a go.
76561198125420415,Recommended,252610,30733316,Posted: 25 March,all,Jagerchirurg,TRY TO GET A NINTENDO SWITCH PORT. IT WORKS BECAUSE ITS PORTABLE SO YOU CAN PLAY LOCALLY  WiTH FRIENDS AND NINTENDO REALLY WANTS 3RD PARTY GAMES!!
,Recommended,252610,30976703,Posted: 6 April,all,Erdy,Fantastic game! It's like a mix of Oregon Trail and Dead Pixels.
76561198067624143,Recommended,252610,26057050,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tony the Prawn,TOO SWOLE TO CONTROL
,Recommended,252610,24732791,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Daveboy,Awesome game!Would totally buy the soundtrack!
76561198053823599,Recommended,252610,25895149,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,FalloutKitty,"I made my best friend and myself. We were killin it. We found two dogs, a poodle we didn't trust named Peyton, and a Husky we loved named Veer. We walked into a fancy house and we both died. Veer took over. He drove Peyton around barking at wildlife and drooling. They found my boyfriend on the side of the road playing video games and picked him up. He died right away. Veer dies as well trying to save him. He was a good dog. Peyton is the only one left. I still didn't trust him. He finds OctoDad on the side of the road, he finally gets in the car. They go to a junkyard for gas and Octodad dies. Then Peyton dies on the way out. Doesn't surprise me everyone dies and Peyton was left. 10/10 for suspcious dogs."
,Recommended,252610,28513284,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SP Zenkip,"I can't say enough praise about this game, but not everything is flawless.First and foremost, the music. I love the music and it's so happy and really brings out the emotion within this game, there is only a couple sad/intense songs which might drive certain people away from this game. Also to go along with the music is the pixel aesthetic. However, the pixel theme makes the characters very simple and their features become hard to distinguish. But the thing the game does beautifully with the art is backgrounds, the color and motion the scenery provides is nice to look at and really adds to the atmosphere.Game play:There's two sections of game play within Death Road to Canada: the action section and the Oregon Trail RNG Strategy DND Skill Checkin' Character Deathin' Road to the Maple Syrupy Hockey Land of Stereotypes Eh? section. The action phase consists of you and your party picking up whatever weaponry is lying around and bashing the brains out of some un-dead walking corpses, there is no special abilities or attacks but there is a stamina function. This stamina function limits you in a good way, because you can't swing(but you can shoot) wildly, forcing you to be smart about your attacks, also factored by the size of the hoard, and the location of the horde. During these action phases, you will be doing one of two things: looting or defending. Always Be Looting, your source of resources defined by your choice of location to go find the good stuff in. Then there is siege. I hate siege. A siege is where you are confined to a small area of map for an extended period of time left with whatever you find and what you have on you to fend against increasingly large hoards of zombabos- some of these are really, REALLY, difficult if you don't have a reasonable supply of bullets and guns.On to the RNG aspect portion of the game. Your typical food and gas and such, but there is also a great system of morale. Morale is simple, it's how happy your party members are. Good morale will keep things running while bad morale will lead to run ending situations- keep your morale high by having enough supplies. I think the morale system is fair and not overly imposing so it adds a fun layer to the car ride to Canada. Along the road you will have to make several choices, and what may seem like the correct answer is not always the right answer. There are a lot of hard decisions that are designed to screw you over- unless you have a person with enough skill to get you out of that sticky situation. There are an assortment of skills and they each do different things, some carry over into the action portions while the others exist purely for the car portions- you will want to keep these up as they will get you out of ALOT of bad times. Other than that everything else is pretty cookie-cutter.Now most of this game is great, but one thing this game does not do well is UI. The UI is very interrupting, as the only way to switch your party leader is via the pause menu in-game, which really takes away from that intense horde fight going on. Also ammo splitting is the most needed thing in the UI but it's not fully there, as in there is not a specific way to do this, and the current system is confusing. The UI looks nice enough but the functionality needs to be a lot better- there's no direct switching of items from party member to party member in the pre-mission gear assignment screen.Hopefully this will get implemented however.Overall if you are into rougelikes, this game is great for beginners and experienced fans of the genre looking for a greater challenge- some of the modes are ball-bustingly hard for all you masochists out there. Give it a shot and I'm sure you will love this game."
76561198350340903,Recommended,252610,30645430,Posted: 20 March,all,jakerabbit59,"A talking dog tried to sell me shotgun shells, but my hamburger collection couldnt pay for it.  Such is the game, ""Death Road to Canada""!!!!!!!  KI Would recomend this game to ANYBODY.  MOST hilarious game i have ever played.  Bit of advice,  unless you dont like your ""buddy"", never ask the goat to join your team..."
,Recommended,252610,24497479,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Bruceybaby,"This is a really great, fun little game. Definitely worth a try. Same devs who made Wayward Souls, another brilliant roguelike."
,Recommended,252610,32555464,Posted: 18 June,all,SpadraigGaming,COOL IT!
76561198123167125,Recommended,252610,34882274,Posted: 11 September,all,Pedalfire25,Great game really fun but it needs more clothes for Custom Characters
,Recommended,252610,28197303,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,▓ Horologium ▓,"I made it to Canada, but there were too many people in Canada who had left after Trump won the elections. I guess I'll go to Russia..."
,Recommended,252610,35093977,Posted: 20 September,all,Dr. sleep@,JESUSTHISIS A♥♥♥♥♥♥EPICFUNNYCRAZY GAME
,Recommended,252610,24461700,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Harry,"I don't normally review games, sorry if this is a little rough around the edges, for a short written review.TL;DR: ""You like Rouge-like games? You like funny things? Buy this, yo.""I've already spent several hours in the game, and am still far from getting bored with the game, there's so much to love.The Story:Very Straightforward, your goal is to get from Canada, from the US (I want to say you start in Florida). However, like many things in life, the story's more about the journey, than the destination. You'll be creating your own story along the way, from choosing how to handle a roadside robbery, to kick certain members out of the group when they complain about the ride too much, to wether or not to give that seemingly pretty friendly dog a knife.Gameplay:The gameplay is fairly straightforward in Death Road. The game is perma-death, meaning once you lose a character, until you start another run they're gone for good.There are a set of skills in the game that are rolled mostly randomly for all characters, from being able to repair your car to how you handle certain weapons. These stats come into play in a variety of different way throughout the game.Your character(s) have two three major types of weapons they can use.1) Melee weapons. Almost all melee weapons will make you tired after repeated use, which takes a few moments before you can really start swinging at the undead spooks again. Most Melee weapons will also break after a certain period of time.2) Guns. Totally rad. Guns are awesome in every way. Except they take from a preeeeeeeeetty limited supply of bullets. Some runs you're going to have next to no bullets, sometimes you'll have...no bullets. Later on you'll be gathering enough to reliably use them, but conserve ammo wisely.3) Throwables, from grenades to Molotovs, these help clear a massive wave of zombies. They can also hurt your friends. Found that out the hard way.You're charged with fighting horde after horde of the Zombie menace, scavenging for much needed food, fuel, weapons, and ammo. Each character can only take 3 bites from a zombie before they turn into some new lunch meat, so zombies can fairly consistantly pose a large threat in big enough numbers. Getting swarmed and surrounded from all sides will mean almost certain death,Music:Aaaahhhhhhh the music is great in this game. It's an awesome contrast from the pretty bleak situation your characters find themselves in, and its actually really enjoyable to listen to while managing your inventory, and making important choices like who should get the first bite of that candy bar.Extra Things Worth Mentioning:Two major things stand out to me that I think are worth bringing up, the Humor and the Character Creator.The Humor in Death Road is phenominal. Several moments in the game had me actually laughing out loud, atracting the unwanted attention of curious family members. One of my favorite examples of this is:One of the events your party can experence is stopping by a campsite, and telling ghost stories to one another. However, in one of my runs, only a single character remained, but I saw the ""Tell ghost stories"" option was still there. Assuming it would act like I had more than one party memeber, I clicked it, and was pleasantly supprised by the special dialouge, where half-way through my character discovered he was telling his story to ghosts the entire time.The Charactor Creator is also a huge pro in my book. You can create and save up to (roughly) 16 charactes. You can customize several things about these characters, from their looks, to their outlook on life. You can choose to take One or Two of these characters with you at the begining of the game, or instead chose to randomize your starting cast. You will rarely run into your characters you created when you encounter random people throughout the course of the game, making it a very special treat to run into that weird 12th grade teacher you chose to spend 15 minutes creating in a video game.All in all I really, really loved the game, and highly suggest it to anyone interested in rougelikes, zombies, or even just fun in general. The game oozes quality, from the random times you'll find yourself bartering with dogs with guns to when you choose to end an argument by driving a car into a tree."
,Recommended,252610,24802894,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Excellent,"So I started up a game with a guy named Oswoldo and another named Wrektangle. It starts off fine, and everything seems to be working out. Until they reach a bandit check point, so I sent oswoldo to convince them to let us go through... But Oswoldo turns out to be a total♥♥♥♥♥♥and joins the bandits ditching Wrektangle. Wrektangle drives ahead for a little while and it was smooth sailing but then he ran into an NPC named Clown. The logical course of action was for Wrektangle to let him in the car... you know the sensible thing to do. From then on Clown seemed to just be a little bit wierd until about 8 days till Canada. They sit down in an abondoned building in some infested city Wrektangle happed upon some rare loot, a nice suprise after wasting 2 hours trying find keys to an ice cream truck. Clown then whips out a music box and starts playing circus music. Wrektangle goes to yell at him but Clown is gone without a trace. Then as the music is still playing a massive hoard of zomies storm into the building and Wrektangle goes down in a blaze of glory... Thus ends the tragic tale of Wrektangle10/10 Game would clown again"
,Recommended,252610,28034860,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,It's amazing.
76561198125038397,Recommended,252610,30870956,Posted: 1 April,all,笨喵王大喵,We need Chinese!
,Recommended,252610,24523963,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,No banan,Entire team died whilst attempting to hit zombies with golf balls10/10 best game
76561197962301472,Recommended,252610,24584019,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[WB] MR PANTS,"This is likely exactly what you think it is.  You are going along a path and, along the way, there are encounters both of a ""choose your own adventure"" kind where it's a scenario and it asks for a reaction and of a more interactive nature.  The interactive scenarios have you raiding buildings or making your way through floods of zombies.It is a lot like Organ Trail, except there's a bit more of an exploration / combat aspect than I remember Organ Trail having (though it's been awhile since I played, so maybe I've forgotten a bit ...).  If you liked Organ Trail, you will probably like this game as well.The game isn't overly complicated and that's part of what I enjoy.  I'm not keen on survival games where you have to micromanage your characters down to the bowel movements -- this game has just the right level of complexity, I feel, in the way it keeps track of morale, food, and health.I definitely recommend it (edited this review because my complaints are all resolved!)"
76561198271601770,Recommended,252610,25809128,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,T U T U Z Ã O™,me likey
,Recommended,252610,24647343,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Sval,Farted and blew up my car. Would fart again. 10/10
76561198313733367,Recommended,252610,33442593,Posted: 10 July,all,Pandamansleep,10/10 would get stuck between toilet and wall again
,Recommended,252610,33447823,Posted: 10 July,all,floofles,sorry
,Recommended,252610,29149270,Posted: 9 January,all,Brainless Mermaid,My friendly neighborhood neo-nazi friend got mauled by a cat and died.10/10
76561198328590447,Recommended,252610,33188503,Posted: 3 July,all,somer,great game with good humor. feels like it could use more diverse gameplay styles but other than that it is great.
76561198068003405,Recommended,252610,33238924,Posted: 4 July,all,Get Jahigly with it,Found jason from friday the 13th he killed all of my squad then immediately died after by trying to milk a goat 11/10http://a5.mzstatic.com/us/r30/Purple111/v4/18/22/8e/18228e92-5835-f5bf-1ba4-e9273425cfbb/screen520x924.jpeg
76561198104509803,Recommended,252610,33217522,Posted: 3 July,all,CanadaLovesTims,very nice
,Recommended,252610,29580068,Posted: 29 January,all,Toph Bei Fong's Ben-Wah Balls,Even better with the new update!You can play as a dog.Dogs can talk and sell you weapons.CARL
76561198069577647,Recommended,252610,29610117,Posted: 31 January,all,Nar,"If you're looking for a game to just sit down and dive into for a few hours, Death Road to Canada is the game for you.It follows a FTL type of formula, integrating periods of exploration/combat, with decisions, and dialouge. The game is very humorous, yet challenging. Not to mention, you can create, and use your own characters. With a variety of gamemodes, and plenty of events, and dialouge, I can garuntee no two runs will ever be the same.I'd recomend this game for anyone. Casul, or hardcore gamer."
,Recommended,252610,29584177,Posted: 30 January,all,cardsnapper,"I am 10 years old. I really like death road to Canada and its RPG style gameplay. First, I’ll talk the basics about the game and the story that I know so far and after that I’ll talk about some special mechanics for this game specifically. Now let’s get started with the story. The story is that it’s the zombie-apocalypse and there’s rumors that in Canada there’s no zombies so you plan to get to Canada in a car and … that’s it. Now for the basic mechanics; there are choices you must make: gather, train, survive and die (a lot).Let me explain. First you must get supplies which is food medical and different type of ammo. Secondly, there are different stats that that can change everything and you can upgrade them by making choices. Third, the combat is really simple plus if you go close to a zombie you don’t immediately take damage. And lastly you’re dead, you’re dead, you’re really really dead.And now for some special features; 1 there’s local multiplayer, 2 the different modes. All and all a 9/10. Now I need to go kill some undead."
76561198218941224,Recommended,252610,29574486,Posted: 29 January,all,beck0251,"This game is basicaly beat-em up arcade games meet Oregon Trail and PG walking dead. There is some gore, but it's mostly zombie blood and guts, which are so pixilated, it's more comical then anything. I was skepptical that this game would get boring quickly but it doesn't. Overall, I'd give this game the yes for a great game at a low-medium price. It has quickly jumped in my top 10 favorite games. If you like oregon trail and zombies, this is THE GAME for you."
,Recommended,252610,29727870,Posted: 5 February,all,BCUMS,Won the game with Jason... Only Jason... You ask why?? Because he kept killing my team members at night. 10/10 /would let jason have bottom bunk.
76561198089778872,Recommended,252610,29729822,Posted: 5 February,all,SGT. Jmainia,"Got To fight zombies with Bill from Left 4 Dead, Me, my mother, and Bob Ross10/10 would do ""the joy of family 4 dead"" again."
76561198275745857,Recommended,252610,32226815,Posted: 6 June,all,Wairudokādo,"HELL YES, special mode is great,cthe game is great, the multiplayer is good, i find it perfect for people who like humor in apocalyptic pixelated games"
76561198101090663,Recommended,252610,32232962,Posted: 6 June,all,fireborn,played it for a good bit of the day... WOW this was fun!And there is so much more content i have not seen!The music was annoying though... Turned it down to 10%
76561198088224665,Recommended,252610,31921030,Posted: 23 May,all,Stevelink,this game looks very serious by the screen shots but in reality its really funny and dumb in a good way very funy game
,Recommended,252610,32571656,Posted: 19 June,all,The Great Cornholio,"I've had this game for quite a long time now, and I find myself coming back over and over to play.  It's not the type of game that I can play for hours on end, but for short spurts it's awesome.  There is so much stuff crammed into this game that I find new events almost every time I play it. Also, the sense of humor is great.This game is worth every penny if you are looking for a fun time killer."
,Recommended,252610,24735140,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,《CheezeIsGouda》,"An old man started ranting at my group as we passed him by, so we stopped to listen. Craig heard him out, and he thought we were bandits! Silly old man!Geraly, my other group member, reveals she is a bandit.RIP Old Man2016 - 2016May your rants forever be remembered."
,Recommended,252610,24609242,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ThomasTsZ,1000 ways to die in the Zombieland
,Recommended,252610,26291005,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,spoo,"I reccomend this game to anyone. There is so much possibilities in this game, and its really really fun with a bunch of types of cars, places you can go to, and trading camps! You can also customise your own character too, so you dont always have to rely on default characters you have. Only thing I wish they could add to the game is that you can also fight some people too, it would make the game a lot more entertaining. But this game is just fun overall, so all I can reccomend is get it!"
76561198140479181,Recommended,252610,34727532,Posted: 3 September,all,FNaFPlayersAndGames,"This game is pretty good, Has some good and Bad Qualities, but, I still enjoy it"
76561198049254308,Recommended,252610,29512922,Posted: 26 January,all,tysalynn.royce,I am a beta tester and I found a thing where it's like death froth error? And after that there was a ton of code and stuff. Is that supposed to happen? please tell me I found it without doing anything so...
,Recommended,252610,24984502,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Super Guy,"if you are caught in a zombie apocalypse i would recommend you and your gang of immature 90s kids going to newfoundland. it's basically a giant island off the coast of canada. so if the infection does eventually get to canada you can rest easy knowing it's impossible to die by being eaten to death there.if that doesn't convince you to go to newfoundland, then i'm sure you're not interested in beautiful landscaping with cold winters and warm summers covering all of the 108,860 km2 (42,030 sq mi) island discovered by the one and only leif erikson and declared england's first overseas colony under royal charter of queen elizabeth i of england. if you're looking for some sick pics for your facebook page then you can go to gros-morne national park, being the largest park in alantic canada. if you like parks and history then the terra nova national park is for you, showcasing the history of of the whole island itself. if you feel like walking up a 546 m (1,791 ft) mountain or going down it in a pair of skis, then come to the marble mountain ski resort.if that still didn't convince you then at least buy death road to canada, s'il vous plaît."
76561197983056144,Recommended,252610,25503558,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ThatGuy[INTHERE]Senpai,This game is about getting swole.TOO SWOLE TO CONTROL BABY WOO!
76561198111632332,Recommended,252610,25537734,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mya,I killed off my friends.
,Recommended,252610,33291418,Posted: 5 July,all,[asmr] nic with tits,died to a bee 4 days before reaching canada10/10
76561198032084679,Recommended,252610,33360489,Posted: 7 July,all,greencondor,True retro gaming at it's best. A steal at double the price. Seriously funny.
,Recommended,252610,24970175,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,11Denver22,still have not got to canada
,Recommended,252610,30786311,Posted: 27 March,all,Creator Of The Multiverse,"Amazing! Simply amazing. I made character named snoop dogg and had him join forces with another character i made called ""the dalai lama."" together they adventured across the zombie filled U.S.A. to a paradise in canada.Enough said...10/10"
76561198005767116,Recommended,252610,29235379,Posted: 13 January,all,Wanderlusts,"Her name was Ora, she was a dog, and this is her tail...*baddum tst*I rescued Ora from a zombie infested apartment building, Ora had placed a banner out front which read ""Bark! Bark!"" Clearly a cry for help.Ora became an invaluable member of the team, more than pulling her weight in combat, picking up grenades, and outting me for farting in the car via an extremely complex deductive process. However the defining victory of Ora was when heavily armed bandits and their totally not Immortan Joe leader had blocked the road before us and demanded all our food, weapons, supplies, and even our car! Ora had a plan, Ora always  had a plan. Ora proceeded to honk the horn, which amused the bandits to no end upon seeing an animal doing that. They let us through unharmed, we celebrated by robbing a lone trader.Our merry band of jerks was not too stay bonded forever. We had stopped at a non-descript town to scavange for supplies, the zombies were out thick that day and so we had to do a lot more smashing, shooting, and running than usual. By the time we had picked the town clean it was swarming like a bee hive on Honey Day and we were firing all our guns to get out. In the Chaos I lost sight of Ora....I didn't notice her absence until we were in the car and pulling away...the last image I have of her is seared in my mind, valiantly wielding a golf club, hundreds of zombies closing in...We died horribly just south of the border, and we deserved it for leaving Ora behind..10/10 would purchase Melton the Cat from a witch for 15 hamburgers again."
,Recommended,252610,34061762,Posted: 6 August,all,Soup Can,I really wish it had Online Co-op but other than that this game will offer a couple hours of content.
,Recommended,252610,28168867,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,T.w² | The general nobody knew,"WOW, I didnt expect to have as much fun as I didMe and my brother both payed for half the game, so about $7 each, and we were AMAZED in how cool it was! You can create your own friends, and then have them die to a toe stub, and then find ANOTHER friend you created, and have him sacraficed, and then find  a COOL new dude you didnt create, and have him die on siege, making YOU the only survivor on the DEATH ROAD TO CANADA!Its a Rogue-like dungeon crawler with Oregon trail mixed into it. when you first play, you have about 15 days to get to canada in your car. Although after you beat that, NEW modes can be unlocked, like the ability to have 20 days to make it, or 9 days to make it, or harder modes to the already hard experience. If you remember Organ Trail (that 8-bit zombie game simular to Oregon Trail) then think of this as a HUGE upgrade to that, with better music, graphics, and more to do!This game is also riddled with jokes AND references, like the all famous exterminator car Dale had in King of the Hill, the fact that DOGS CAN DRIVE, and the Anime peddler. There are references to Overwatch, Star Wars, and Simpsons, and thats JUST the tip of it all.One of my only problems is that its EXTREMELY hard and time consuming, it took me, like, 35 hours just to finish normal mode, and I BARELY made it, with almost dead, and me left. If you dont like Chaos and losing EVERYTHING, then I'd maybe stay away from this one."
76561198089342645,Recommended,252610,32962654,Posted: 28 June,all,『 Ari 』,"This game is really fun if you have friends, otherwise it gets pretty dull over a short period of time.Since I have friends to play this with, I'm giving it a thumbs up..."
,Recommended,252610,25372972,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Inpecular,"Got a dog to sing like elvis while blasting zombies with a shotgun.10/10Would ""COOL IT"" again"
76561198235124200,Recommended,252610,25387771,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mr.Crow,everytime I play or watch something related to zombies.I keep getting dream that I in a zombie apocalypse.
76561198060141305,Recommended,252610,25374149,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JuicyPaul The Man of 409+ STDS,Pretty funny game EH
,Recommended,252610,25399896,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,AESTHETICWEAB,when i bought this game it was 23 bucks so kinda salty that its now 16.99 but still a decent game to be sure :)
,Recommended,252610,25403167,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,rjderouin,"Awesome, tons of fun, would recommend."
,Recommended,252610,28170611,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,CustardAndPie,"Saw some gaming YouTube channels I regularly watch play it, thought it was cool (especially since I'm fond of roguelikes), and added it to my wishlist on Steam and kind of forgot about it.Cue Autumn sale. Decided to buy it. Let it sit in my library for about a week or so before deciding to play.All I can say is this: WOW.Right from the start, it's pretty damn good. Nothing says ""awesome"" like slashing through zombies while going north (Though a zombie apocalypse seems more like an average day in Florida anyways). Sure, I haven't had too many runs so far, but they were surprisingly kind of intense. Every death sucks, especially in the times where I've gotten so far, but that's roguelikes for you, and that's why I love them.Also, I'm Alexandra the resilient martial artist with a kitchen knife. Can't beat that."
,Recommended,252610,28172904,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Echoes,"Gr8 game, m80s ;)"
76561198066875954,Recommended,252610,28255444,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kingbubbzz44,"This is a GREAT game. It is fun to play by yourself but it is better with friends. The only few problems I have with it are: there is no 4 player multiplayer, sometimes the cpu helping you will just stand there, and no online multiplayer but that is it. This game has to be one of the better games i have played in a while. The best way to play it though is to make friends then play familiar people mode. I don't have many hours on this game because I prefer playing with friend to guard your back."
76561198086789424,Recommended,252610,27008298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ค๔שєภt,Told A Swole Dude to COOL IT 10/10
76561198142697519,Recommended,252610,27220926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tetra2000,"This game is fun. Plain, simple fun. This is because the writing for this game is so excellent and the game-play is simple and fun.It has charming humour with the silly options you can choose, such as telling bandits to COOL IT or fix a car by letting one of your characters punch it repeatedly.Death Road to Canada is challenging to, I only made it to the Canadian boarder once and died there!You can make custom characters too, so invite your friends and familly on the roadtrip that might just save their life...Or leave them behind while they try to pull open a PUSH door.10/10 - The game is charaming, well writen and has fun gameplay!"
,Recommended,252610,34214391,Posted: 13 August,all,ReddyB,.
76561198100932886,Recommended,252610,28219665,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,mystical spy,i really really really! love it it's so awesome but i would like it if you actully had human opponents (or atleast if there would be a mode 4 this) (outside of bandit attacks)
,Recommended,252610,29140363,Posted: 9 January,all,Mac DeMarco,"Canada, home of maple syrup goodness.... and possibly your only safe bet for survival.Drive, fight and bark your way through the DEATH ROAD TO CANADA!"
76561198269812804,Recommended,252610,30986565,Posted: 6 April,all,Snubby,"FTL but you are going to Canada. I was told zombies do not exist, do not get fooled by that"
,Recommended,252610,34566047,Posted: 28 August,all,High Horse,eh
76561198150014882,Recommended,252610,33256637,Posted: 4 July,all,ashtrainer27,"We were pretty much at the end of our adventure. Uncle Sam on one side with a molotove, the knight on the other with a sword. We fought desperatley, slowly making progress to the other sides of the road, towards a working car. Eventually, the knight made it. All alone, his sword and suit covered in blood from the hordes of the deceased. He drove off in tears, leaving the corpses of his friends behind him.Then he kept his promise of leaving after that stop, got out of the car, and left. Instant game over."
,Recommended,252610,30116292,Posted: 23 February,all,BeaverBites,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B1YfTgYcJw&t=3076s
,Recommended,252610,28519176,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Rainvolt,"This is the best zombie survival game everit changes every time you play,which adds a lot of replay valueit's not scary,but instead it's very funnyit's a very fun game to play through over and over agian"
76561198200017257,Recommended,252610,28521418,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Meowmers McBiscuit,Fabuloussssssssssssss
76561198116575950,Recommended,252610,30459512,Posted: 11 March,all,DynamiteJohn,"Dude.Have you wanted to experience a realistic zombie survival game? No, not that boring stuff, the realism of being stuck in a car with three other jerks.Well in Death Road to Canada, you can do just that! Bodybuilder bandits you defeat by a pose-off! Hotwire a golf ball collector to kill zombies! Have your car break down and make everyone hate each other! Even solving the dreaded dispute of WHO FARTED IN THE CAR, EUGENE, WE KNOW IT WAS YOU!Also you can tell a bee to cool it."
76561198283216346,Recommended,252610,34361503,Posted: 19 August,all,coolblubird,"Started run, survived an army of zombies,died from a dumbell.10/10 best zombie simulater"
,Recommended,252610,24635013,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ceiis,"You can use your fallen comrades corpse to distract zombies. Useless in life, but not in death."
,Recommended,252610,35034431,Posted: 17 September,all,Complete_Luck,Constantly sends me through the five stages of grief. 10/10
76561198367559528,Recommended,252610,34891232,Posted: 11 September,all,T H I C C,probobly the best time passer ive ever played fun if you just get bored of other games and want to senselessly murder things very addictive
,Recommended,252610,29532873,Posted: 27 January,all,Strix,"I can't stop playing this game. It's great for quick breaks between other games, it's great for dedicated game sessions, it's just great. Combat is simple but satisfying - push button to swing weapon, push button to swap weapons, use arrow keys to move - and the way zombies work in this game mean you can easily beat a couple of them, but a hoard is terrifying - as it should be!The game is about taking a team of losers to Canada while driving up the East Coast of the US - unlike reality, it's easy to cross the border - the main trouble is getting there, as America's filled with vile zombies. You have to scavenge food and supplies and keep your car loaded while keeping your team alive, and it's not an easy task.The primary obstacle for you will be your team: they're very good at being idiots. A simple fart in the car will drive them apart until someone breaks down and leaves, they can get into deadly pose-offs with muscular men, they can for some reason pick up the worst hitchhikers you've ever met. They also eat too much food!...But they're your losers. Literally! You can make custom characters, so if you want to bring Megatron and Starscream on a roadtrip to Canada together, my god you can do it. No, they won't be robots, but Megatron can flip out in righteous fury and punch your friends, so it's as accurate as you're gonna get.So, let's see: graphics, check. They're clear and easy to read, and gorgeous to boot. Music? Addicting with enough variety that I'm happy to keep listening to it. Controls? Very tidy, and you can remap them! Gameplay? Excellent.So how about that Early Access status? The game as-is is complete: you can play a game on normal mode and run into plenty of variety, enemies, characters, etc - without feeling like it's incomplete. There's no glaringly missing features, and I've only encountered one or two mild bugs in my playtime (while playing in the Beta branch, so those are being worked on). The EA status means they're adding even more stuff and tweaking the game (LET THE AI USE AIRHORNS PLEASE IT'S HILARIOUS) and making it even more better! :DIn short: game is good. I've wasted at least 27 hours on it, beat several of the game modes, and splatted my team against more zombies than I care to count. Please treat yourself to it!"
76561198098565306,Recommended,252610,32770469,Posted: 25 June,all,Bad Cherry,The soundtrack alone for this game is reason enough to buy it; it's amazing. The game itself is also an incredibly fun and charming take on the Oregon Trail game style.
76561197972880896,Recommended,252610,29729450,Posted: 5 February,all,Octopus Pancake,"I despise zombie games.  There are SO many zombie games these days, and tv shows for that matter, that they aren't done with any real sense of quality.  Deathroad to Canada is a completely different beast.  Yes it has zombies and for some it may be the focus of the game.  For me it's not.  I can honestly say I haven't felt this refreshed with a zombie esque type game in a very long time, the last was Zombie Estate 1 and 2 for Xbox 360 from the indie dev selection.  When I initially heard about this game I had reservations.  Only upon watching people play, like Vinesauce who ironically solidified my decision to buy this gem, did I realise this game was far better than it seems at times.  The genuine tongue and cheek humor adds flavor to moments when you are stuck in a room with 30+ zombies pining after you like some schoolgirl over her boy band crush.  As of writing this I have YET to actually beat the game.  This doesn't frustrate me or anything because each time I get close, I am sent into erratic displays of giddy laughter.  Can't tell you how many times I think I'm doing great only to lose my car, then get swarmed by a massive horde of zombies in a horrible attempt to find another vehicle.   By the end I'm left with 1 person, sometimes a bat wielding dog who happens to know how to DRIVE :P.  Needless to say I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone and everyone who asked my opinion."
,Recommended,252610,25066215,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,† | Bootleg Jesus,"This game is extremely fun. It's goofy and the humor is great, although I only have one issue with the game. Sieges are EXTREMELY difficult to go through. Maybe I'm doing something wrong, but I seriously always lose to these. I have put in 13 hours so far and have barely even made it to the half way mark to Canada. Regardless, I've had a lot of fun with the game. I'd say this game definitely was worth the $15, being one of the only games I've bought in the past couple of months that's clicked.EDIT: The difficulty is ridiculous. I've gotten to the point where I'm getting stressed playing this game, and can't say it's really my fancy. 33 hours and still haven't beaten it. Closest I've gotten is 5 days left, then I died in a siege. Like always. These sieges are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and super annoying."
76561198030329694,Recommended,252610,27245780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Judasilfarion,started a joke game to show a friend how horribly you can diesomehow end up making it to canada without a single death
,Recommended,252610,24468789,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DZimmy,"Bought it for the fight, love it for the decisions.I always liked road movies and zombies. This game is just bloody great!P.S. I am not really good at writing reviews, just play it."
,Recommended,252610,24489254,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Epsilon,"I met a man who was twice my side. He can't use weapons, but he can throw a lot of things. The game crashes from time to time but its still pretty fun."
,Recommended,252610,24809401,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bibncent,dab on em
76561198072643423,Recommended,252610,24821123,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MegaDan,quirky and fun humor. Just buy it.P.S don't trust Lenk
76561197971502139,Recommended,252610,24487608,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Pounce That Was Promised,"Very fun, if you like zombie survival rogue likes but wished that for once they attempted to be fun instead of ultra realistic, difficult and tedious Death Road might be for you. To me this game felt a lot like FTL but with zombie survival & looting instead of spaceship battles.Despite being arcadey and humorous this game is still brutal (as a roguelike should be)."
,Recommended,252610,24798079,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,aj_steel,y/n?VERY YES
,Recommended,252610,24788069,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Boruba gro-Ramak,10/10 would die again
76561198070585510,Recommended,252610,30038692,Posted: 19 February,all,YOU DIED!,"A fun, but also hard zombie game. Could be more variation in the customization"
76561198120645248,Recommended,252610,30000689,Posted: 17 February,all,laughin about it,"In my opinion, very underlooked game."
,Recommended,252610,26746134,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,quit or pro,"there´s a bug where team buddies who try to pick up a weapon from the floor get stuck in the animation - i manage once  to push a  charakter so the animation ends and everything was fine, but another time i lost that buddie and was all alone which end´s in a 1.5hrs siege and a following death - sadly i never get such far!!! Allright you can actually take command over any party member, so if you take control of the bugged dude everything is fine - but it´s not something i wanna do very often in the middle of a fight. in the last game i get closer to canada - and an error message pops up - GAME OVER!!! i never made it to canada, not even in a video game!i like the game! but with such problems in the game - wait for a discount (next sale)!"
76561198412040557,Recommended,252610,34126918,Posted: 9 August,all,mjebradshaw,this game would be good if you could actually play it
,Recommended,252610,30684024,Posted: 23 March,all,McNinj (龍),"The only game I've ever played where an Elvis impersonator called Alvis becomes possessed by a demon, then gets killed trying to recruit a goat into the group.The goat eventually becomes the sole surviving member of the group, and even though is at the border to Canada, is uninterested and walks away.10/10 would goat again"
,Recommended,252610,26153395,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Wistening.zip,"Day 1:This is my post-apocalypse journal, ain't that funny? There's zombies everywhere! Me and my buddy, uglyboi have decided to go to Canada, the land of no zombies!Day: 3:I found a shotgun, but no ammo, but luckily we found a dog, sweet!Day 5:They're coming, they're outside..If you're reading this, my stash is at OH SH- SPARKY RUN!Day 6:Woof woof bark woofDay 6 1/2;Woof bark drive bark bark shoot zombie drive bark.Day 7:Woof bark canada yay bark woofDay 8:woof"
,Recommended,252610,31743601,Posted: 14 May,all,Theplexing,The Walking Dead The Arcade.
,Recommended,252610,30482290,Posted: 12 March,all,技能点全加卖萌上了,We need CHINESE！
76561197999544477,Recommended,252610,24502369,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SuperMeatBum,"Oh yeah, eh?"
,Recommended,252610,24519066,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,melee man (no sound),"- make heavy weapons guy- make him strongest man in history of world- go drivig- find deamon in my car- give demon a snack- deamon make me demon- gain unholy powers- go fishing- find magical fish- fish grants one wish in exchange for its life- wish for food- eat fish instead- find survivors- find bodybuilder- have a flexing contest- prove heavy weapons guy is strongets man in history of world- 5 days till canada- SURPRISE SIEGE!- die at last second of siegegod, i love this game"
76561198132980424,Recommended,252610,31572149,Posted: 5 May,all,Death,Election simulator 2016 10/10 would flee to canada again.
76561198136765917,Recommended,252610,24508821,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Slav Agent #1,How do you add a player?using keyboard or gamepad.other then this its a great game so far!(srsly please tell me how to do local multiplayer)
,Recommended,252610,30083059,Posted: 21 February,all,✪ Peasant ✪,"i admit it, i love this game but i gotta be honest here. there is only one way you will ever beat the game, and that is rare characters mode. in the game you pik up ppl on your way 2 canada, all of them are normal people with normal weapons, but with rare characters mode, all picked up characters have some like superpowers. i was playing common characters mode so the characters i make show up, and i was on the last day when a 2 hour seige appears and the only room you have is a square 5 steps in each direction. this game is very fun with friends, but i think the developers shouldn't make a seige on the last day 2 hourslong, maybe just an ABL (always be looting) mission with mega cheesed at night or something. but dont buy this if you have anger issues though"
,Recommended,252610,30676518,Posted: 22 March,all,Dumpster-Wife May,"<be me<has terrible luck with prior runs<plays on normal ""Death Road"" for achievement<play as custom character with ""friend of dog""<goes through wormhole and character changes<later finds dog, it follows, both are happy<finds masked man on side of the road, with chainsaw & machete<recruits him because why not<first char wanders off, leaving me with Mason Jorhees & pup<finds another dog, also learns masked guy's weapon have infinite dura<first dog runs off<second dog runs off<finds third dog<leaves dog behind to keep it safe<""Mason"" (game named him ???) dies, pup is alive, so can't complain too much<pup drives car<Mason shows up again, alive and well, and at the same time 3rd dog dies<M.A.S.K diesPretty damn good, even if I suck"
,Recommended,252610,32791615,Posted: 25 June,all,Demonic_Ssgt.Jesus,Cool it
76561198205917235,Recommended,252610,32838542,Posted: 26 June,all,PussyMaster666,"Its a very good game, i just think the price for it isnt worth it"
76561198141236996,Recommended,252610,34222844,Posted: 13 August,all,Noo,Anime girls. Make party into anime girls. OTAKU KATANAS FOR ALL!
,Recommended,252610,34539408,Posted: 27 August,all,R7038,this game lit af bc u get to make your own characters and then meet them on the way to Canada and it's also wacky fun for people of all ages
76561198293070098,Recommended,252610,34688644,Posted: 2 September,all,NinjaWizard37,"THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC! IT GOT TOILET GENIES, EXPLODING CARS, RUNNING OVER BANDIT TENTS, AND A GNOME THAT RIDES A GIANT SHREAKING RAT! 12/10 WOULD ALWAYS PLAY AGAIN!"
76561198125614567,Recommended,252610,24457683,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,KoreanZombie,"Death Road To Canada is a retro-style, top-down action game with light RPG elements. I've been waiting to play this game for a really long time, and so far it has lived up to my expectations. The gameplay is simple to pick up, but there is some strategy involved. The player has to strike a careful balance between avoiding zombies and looting quickly, but also killing enough zombies in a previous room so that the player doesn't get boxed into the next room.The environments, story and characters are all randomized, so every playthrough is different, although you will visit the same locations a lot. There is enough variety in the story to keep things fresh. Replayability 10/10The graphics are retro-style and well done. Like the rest of the game, the artwork has personality. No crazy over-the-top effects, but also not generic. It really feels like a game from 1989, not a game from 2016 pretending to be a game from 1989. Graphics 8/10The story is randomly generated, and often surprised me with its off-beat humour. There are many, many story events that can occur, and your choices can have very dire circumstances. As much as you might want to pick the 'cool' or 'funny' or 'interesting' choice, it might be best to pick the 'safe' choice, or else your trip to Canada will be cut short! Story 8/10The music is great! Very catchy retro-chiptune kind of stuff, mixed in with some nifty guitars. Very off-beat and full of personality. The music is light-hearted, and not moody. In some cases it doesn't seem to fit the theme of the game, but I kind of prefer that the music is so light-hearted for a game about the zombie apocalypse. Music 9/10Overall, this game is probably the only game I'm going to play for a long time. I have almost 70 games in my Steam library, and I feel like this is the best $15 I've ever spent. Overall 9/10Pros:- VERY replayable. Every time you die, you want to start over again, and it doesn't feel that repetitive.- Fun, laid back game, but with a lot of hectic gameplay moments- Good balance of difficulty, good balance of loot- Lots of modes to unlockCons:- None"
,Recommended,252610,24613765,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dragon Dai (Uey),"So this game is Oregon Trail + Final Fight. It's hard, there's a lot of RNG, and it can be completely unfair at times. It's also some of the most fun I've had playing a game with permadeath in a LONG time (and I LOVE games with permadeath)!The games are quick (probably 2 hours for a full game, obviously much less if you lose early) so losing isn't that big of a deal, there are a TON of options and encounters and characters and items and what not, so replayability is through the roof, the action portion of the game is super solid, and the writing and stylings are fantastic (and quite amusing). There are also lots of little touches here and there (like the varied font types or the special characters) that really make this game so much more then just the sum of it's parts.Finally, I can't close this review without talking about the devs. These guys are amazing. Go check the dicussion forums. There are multiple devs answering questions, personally taking suggestions, working with people to squash bugs, listening and respondign to critism, talking about the future of the game (which apparently is going to be TONS of new content, with the devs saying something like ""you keep playing and we'll keep making content""), etc. Seriously, this level of positive community interaction is just incredible and the devs deserve a LOT of kudos, love, and sales of their (totally awesome) game because of it.So yeah, buy this game. It's silly fun, a crazy good value for the money, and the devs are rock stars. Can't recommend it enough."
76561198086865591,Recommended,252610,28948196,Posted: 2 January,all,Ginger_Hood (The Chav Slayer),This Game is ridicously Fun!The Humour is Spot onSoundtrack is amazing.I made Nicholas Cage and he sacrified himself for a Pug.Customization is amazingActualy ChallengingFun CombatSo satifiying to Kill zombiesBUY THIS GAME!10/10One of the Best Indie Games ever!
,Recommended,252610,24631203,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jokur,2016 America election year: the game. This is a realistic game that tells a story about how you and your weird friends run away from trump and his army of rednex. 10/10 would get killed by a bee in the last day again.
76561198056717187,Recommended,252610,24970108,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Wolf,"Time's have changedOur kids are getting worseThey won't obey their parentsThey just want to fart and curseShould we blame the government?Or blame society?Or should we blame the images on TV?No, blame Canada, blame CanadaWith all their beady little eyesAnd flappin' heads so full of liesBlame Canada, blame CanadaWe need to form a full assaultIt's Canada's faultDon't blame me for my son StanHe saw the darn cartoonAnd now he's off to join the KlanAnd my boy Eric onceHad my picture on his shelfBut now when I see him he tells me to ♥♥♥♥ myselfWell, blame Canada, blame CanadaIt seems that everything's gone wrongSince Canada came alongBlame Canada, blame CanadaThey're not even a real country anywayMy son could've been a doctor or a lawyer rich and trueInstead he burned up like a piggy on a barbecueShould we blame the matches?Should we blame the fire?Or the doctors who allowed him to expire?Heck noBlame Canada, blame CanadaWith all their hockey hullabalooAnd that ♥♥♥♥♥ Anne Murray tooBlame Canada, shame on CanadaThe smut we must cut, the trash we must smashLaughter and fun must all be undoneWe must blame them and cause a fussBefore someone thinks of blaming us"
,Recommended,252610,33226911,Posted: 4 July,all,Axel,Fun as heck bruh!~
76561198171042354,Recommended,252610,24558933,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Our Savior,"Really fun game, lots of new features will be added and I spoke to the devs who seem pretty cool and determined to add new features to the game. Its a bit pricy in its current state but I think its worth picking up"
,Recommended,252610,31978923,Posted: 26 May,all,Ginyu,"too many dogs, but at the same time just enough"
76561198133164698,Recommended,252610,32000171,Posted: 27 May,all,lomon4life,best game ever
,Recommended,252610,28666979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lunar,Dead hard game XD.For the pros
,Recommended,252610,26331504,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,hellcat901,Really fun and addictive!
76561198159058964,Recommended,252610,30781664,Posted: 27 March,all,Piggeh_,Zombies. Many death. HARD GAME. Fun. Worth 15 moneys. Yay.
,Recommended,252610,24529652,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Moiren,A bee flew in my car.I swatted it and died.My mood went up.The game was over.10/10 would become a zombie in this apocalypse again!
76561198057918945,Recommended,252610,29580158,Posted: 29 January,all,Rytty,Best rogue-like I've played for a while. Definitely worth the full price.
76561198141418778,Recommended,252610,30721544,Posted: 25 March,all,nimthosg,-
,Recommended,252610,28240163,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,DaDMeaT,I am in love with this game!Some of the events and outcomes make me burst out laughing.I love how the game doesn't take itself too seriously.
,Recommended,252610,28277230,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Cabin,I found Link breaking clay pots.10/10
,Recommended,252610,25671278,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lunii,"Satan came through the floor of my car, asked for a slice hot slice of pizza. I gave him some potato chips and he turned me into a swole demon. I made it to Canada. 11/10."
,Recommended,252610,26023166,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Xolais,"Gucci game, I give it a COOL IT out of 10."
76561198315443582,Recommended,252610,34522538,Posted: 26 August,all,Pat0225,qwerty
,Recommended,252610,24519580,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CaptainKrabbyPatties,"A few gameplays under my belt and I start up with a pshyco and a rugged army guy who's a ""Mechanic"". Soooooooooo he doesn't have much of any of those skills and turns out to be my strongman instead. Had a bezerker woman who wasn't exactly helpful either until I ran into a blonde haired kid and a dog. The woman died following me in a horde, but the rest of us survived until about 5 days away from hording gas, food, and not stopping. My strongman posed his way through many bandits as our little pupper beside our Vet barked and slashed at zombies only to leave behind the boy. He fought until he reached the border and added another body to the hoard.I've had a lot of luck on foot about finding new cars. People complaining about the RNG being unforgiving is a joke.I've had my fair share of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments, and I've run through 3 sewers consecutively without someone dying. I take my risks cautiously as they come, and as supplies become desperate so do my actions. It's life."
76561198041370694,Recommended,252610,28602771,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kalib,A pretty good time.
,Recommended,252610,30432788,Posted: 10 March,all,Nazi Bear,It has barely even 2 days and my grades went down into♥♥♥♥♥♥and I have sunk 3+ Hours online and about 6+ offlineThis was truly worth it
76561198257855109,Recommended,252610,28605791,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mahkiel,"good fun, good music, just a good time!"
,Recommended,252610,24701186,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cthulhu Redux,"To put it simply, this game is a lot of fun.  Great art, an awesome soundtrack and rock solid gameplay make this an easy reccomendation. The game can feel challenging without feeling punishing and random without giving you that feeling of being at the mercy of a set of invisble dice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaX_wH1gIKI"
,Recommended,252610,30678429,Posted: 22 March,all,MyBodyIsRegi,Half of my group got killed by a wave of hot sauce.Totally worth it.
,Recommended,252610,32828664,Posted: 26 June,all,aSpookyWhore,Friend left after I farted in the car.10/10
76561197983301475,Recommended,252610,24459579,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Awesome zombie roadtrip/survival RPG game.Great artwork, music and sound effects.The game really has style and a unique flavour of its own.Much of the trailer video is later on in the game and it starts off mellow and cranks up, which i was glad about.I thought you were thrown in straight away with 500 odd zombie on you lol.Random generated worlds each playthrough makes for unlimited replayability."
76561197996548738,Recommended,252610,24454531,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SPOOKY,fantastic worth the wait
,Not Recommended,252610,34877114,Posted: 10 September,all,Thottimus Prime,"It's pretty fun. But it's not worth 15 bucks, sry :("
76561197968567439,Recommended,252610,24485392,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AlphaBeard,Yes.
76561198242546108,Not Recommended,252610,24511495,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ryanpeascna,"It is an amusing game, but for what it is, it is vastly overpriced."
76561198043865255,Recommended,252610,30690953,Posted: 23 March,all,Artgineer,"Rogue-like zombie game done RIGHT!Customize or randomly generate some survivors. Save the builds you think are a good start. Take to the endless stretches of North American roads to the great, guilded halls of CANADA! Hack, slash, shoot, and loot your way through hordes of the living dead while doing all you can to keep at least one of the hapless excuses for humanity in your motely band alive.In so many words, this is what most Americans say they'll do if the candidate they vote against wins (yes, every election). Just, you know, with zombies and a way better soundtrack."
,Recommended,252610,29662282,Posted: 2 February,all,//potato,it is like orgon trail
,Recommended,252610,30813807,Posted: 29 March,all,Batzilla,based on real event of Trump presidency 2020
,Recommended,252610,30643174,Posted: 20 March,all,Fatlas,1000th Review for this game- If you haven't bought it yet and you enjoy zombie or indie games at all you're wrong. Fix your mistake.
76561198130117712,Recommended,252610,32657351,Posted: 22 June,all,Mountbatten,Canada > USA
,Recommended,252610,30389765,Posted: 8 March,all,Axe-Lotle,Great game but it NEEDS online multiplayer.
,Recommended,252610,24654527,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Grrz,You liek gud geam? u get dis geam. dis game is gud geam.Accidently caught myself on fire on the last day rip me am shed one tear. Doggie survived awhile more till the last day siege rip doggie-2016LF>online multiplayer so i can make others suffer.just sayain - molotovs are traps ur be careful wit molotovs or ur suffr too >: )
76561198294033398,Recommended,252610,35054836,Posted: 18 September,all,Musician,best game harder then geometry dash
,Recommended,252610,35003223,Posted: 16 September,all,Whip Whip,vry good game much fun i like tstc
,Not Recommended,252610,25024344,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,RubberDucky73,"Fun game when it works - so many bugs! Great early access game, pretty bad full released game. Playing with a controller is nearly impossible currently due to how unresponsive it is. Not to mention half way through a level your 'Buddy' will begin to switch between being run by the computer or being controlled by you. So confusing.When this game can actually run soomthly I would reccomend it, in its current state I would say wait until at least a few solid bug fix updates are realeased then buy."
76561198293825824,Recommended,252610,24620012,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,unholy jeff,This game is greatProsIts easy to modIt gets updates oftenIt has quite alot of replay valueConsIts a bit on the rng side sometimes
76561198013728748,Not Recommended,252610,24684320,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,LordLothair,"Though a neat idea, and fun upfront, the game really has some major issues.  The first being a horrible UI and control scheme.  Trying to use firearms is difficult at best because it tries to control like a twin-stick, but you can't map controls for that properly.  The other major issue is the random nature of things leaves you in constant situations where you just can't win.  A seige with a bad map or a series of bad encounters and you just have to restart.  Though I appreciate rouge-likes for what they are, this one just seems to fall into a habit of screwing over the player as much as possible.  The ability to make custom characters is a nice feature, it lets you fine tune a pair of characters and can make things more enjoyable.  I feel that this game falls into the trap that many rouge-likes seem to of a lack of information as a difficulty setting.  Yes, part of that style game is not necessarily knowing what the item you just picked up does and having to learn it, but this game takes that to extremes by not knowing your character stats or abilities picking up weapons that have no durability rating or any stats at all.  A lack of information to make a decision is not a good way to set difficulties, it is just frustrating.I saw this played on Youtube and it looked fun.  And though I enjoyed it for a few run throughs and dealt with the frustrations for a while, really after 30 minutes you're just repeating the same frustrations over and over.  Some people really like it, and good for them.  For me, I just can't keep beating my head into the brick wall of frustration and random events."
76561197998009671,Not Recommended,252610,25026987,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Katrkoriza,"I tried to have fun with this game, but the RNG is a little bull, and right at the end, whats with that crap?  If I make it to the end, that should be it, no stupid worthless massive horde to fight that you can't nearly even get away from.To hell with that, and this elitist hard mode crap with these games coming out."
76561198171493571,Not Recommended,252610,24720102,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sumgai,"First off, I've been playing this longer then it may appear. Played quite a bit over a friends house.The Good: The premise, characters, and setting are quirky (in a good way) and interesting.The Bad: Almost everything else is underwhelming.Some have compared this to the Oregon Trail. That comparison does not work in this game's favor because it has fewer features than an educational game that didn't have a lot of features in the first place. In Oregon Trail you can set your pace. In Death Road to Canada your pace is dependent on what car you have and what car you have is dependent on RNG. In Oregon Trail you can make major decisions on what path to take. In Death Road to Canada your decisions are limited to “Do you go to the bar or go to the old safe house”. In Oregon Trail you can set your rations, choose where you want to rest, and make a profit off trading. In Death Road to Canada you can't set anything like that, where you can rest is dependent on RNG, and most of the trading is worthless because obtaining items to even begin to have something to trade is RNG and there are few if any ways to profit off of trading.Most if not all of your characters stats will be hidden until revealed. Revealing them requires making the character perform a certain action. If their stat is bad they will fail wasting your time and possibility costing you something,Much of the game is spent scavenging or fighting zombies. The problem is combat is both bare bones and tedious. You will be using melee weapons most of the time because they are the easiest to find. Aside from weapons like the chainsaw they lack any interesting differences other than things like “X does slightly more damage than Y”. Guns (if you find them or enough ammo to make them useful) suffer from the same affliction.Melee combat consist of swinging, waiting to recovering and doing the same thing again. Swing too much and your character will momentary get tired indicated by them sweating. Combine this with uninteresting weapons, uninteresting environments, and one note foes and the tedium really starts to set in especially during sieges.At times (especially near the end of the game) you will be required to face sieges. During such sieges you are trapped in a building with zombies coming through the floor/ceiling and you are required to hold them off until they stop spawning. After that you have to exit through a small doorway which will usually be blocked by a good amount of zombies until you can clear enough to run past them.Some may find this game difficult. My recommendation is to find a better game with a more interesting combat system or features in general. This game is not worth gitting gud at. The concept is good but the execution leaves much to be desired."
,Recommended,252610,24605003,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Niko,I still think we should bomb Canada.
76561198131442336,Not Recommended,252610,24609980,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Unknownasphalt,"this game is suppppperr buggy. playing with characters i make for specific traits, like strength, which i got to 2nd to max on a character, and part way through a run i checked my characters stats and his strength is now at minimum???? this game seems pretty stupid if that was intentional, and if not then it needs to be fixed before ill find it even slightly enjoyable to play. if this doesnt get fixed id like some honesty about it and my money back."
76561198130820070,Recommended,252610,24470140,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TheMasterDuster,"This is a sexy♥♥♥♥♥game, no more comments, just buy it !"
76561197978147130,Not Recommended,252610,24686033,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ants In My Eyes Johnson,"TLDR: Fantastically put together, ruined by the RNG events.One example, finally having a good run (these are rare) find some a special character to join as a 3rd addition to the team. Event pops up demanding I remove 1 character as they are not pulling their weight... yes, very fair.I've died mostly in thanks to the RNG events that have crippled my team, supplies, stolen all food, broke my car, etc etc.From my experience 70% of the events are out to ruin something for you, and will. Another example, I found a stack 31 of Gas while exploring which is rare since you find no more than 4 pieces in 1 exploration area on average. The very next moment the RNG even of ""Bandit humanoid demands all your gas""You see, that's not fun, all you're doing is stripping away the hard fought items the players have worked to strip from the cold dead hands of zombies and other carcasses. The mechanics of some of the events can be steered with specific skills for people, but since you can't check your members skills and most the people on your team have their skills hidden, it makes it an awesome russian RNG roulette.The scavanging/exploring part of the game is challenging later on but a lot of fun. if you get cornered and eaten to pieces 9 times out of 10 it's your fault. Finding what you need to do to tackle the next area is a lot of the fun, but I have trouble recommending this game, as you spend 20 minutes pulling off some amazing survival stunt... Only to have the contents you came back with, ripped from you due to an ""event"" you have have little control over.If there weren't so many I wouldn't complain, but just knowing you're highly likely to lose somerthing 70% of the time doesn't make you want to continue playing.Last note, never go on foot. Those events will guarantee your death."
76561198006747341,Not Recommended,252610,26551492,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kel'Thuzad,"Fun for a few hours but ultimately just a frustrating RNG roulette spin. Most runs end up as wipes through no fault of the player, but rather because the game throws a bunch of ridiculously harsh RNG events at you, or fails to provide enough supplies in the looting missions (most notably gas.. and once the group is on foot, the RNG gets even worse).Needs online multiplayer.Needs an easier/casual mode.Needs a reduction to the amount or severity (or both) of negative RNG events.Overpriced at $15. Would not recommend buying it unless you have friends/family to regularly play it with you and help keep the mood light-hearted and fun.The developers claim it was designed with replay value in mind, but it seems to me it was designed to FORCE replay by rigging RNG against the player. It's bad game design."
76561197972918696,Recommended,252610,29700809,Posted: 4 February,all,(=HK=) Snowman,This is really fun...
76561198228420308,Recommended,252610,29188307,Posted: 11 January,all,Bosko caserandom.com,"It,s a pretty good game actually. But, it is not worth 14 Dollars.Wait for sale, then buy it."
76561198262211927,Not Recommended,252610,31190042,Posted: 16 April,all,SaltyAlty,"Fun game, however it is not worth its current price of 15 dollars, to be honest it should have been 5 dollars or less, however i would highly recommend it if it was on sale"
,Not Recommended,252610,29975140,Posted: 16 February,all,Breadmund McMuffin,"This game feels extremely sticky and doesn't flow well. I can't find myself enjoying the gameplay remotely enough to want to continue. Fighting zombies is both far too easy and unknowingly difficult, and just wandering around with next to no direction trying to scrounge up supplies while zombies seem to pour in endlessly from every damn door gives it some of the worst game feel I've experienced in a paid title."
76561198038868694,Not Recommended,252610,30856284,Posted: 31 March,all,Oobarsten,This game is designed primarily for coop.  Trying to play it as single player causes frustration to say the least.It's basically Organ Trail as a Beat em Up game.  To bad the combat is meh to say the least.
76561198090339123,Not Recommended,252610,33023620,Posted: 29 June,all,Flying Fox,"FUN when you play with Player 2 (Multiplayer),Quite Boring if you play SOLO.You better buy it if the price is below $5 tho."
,Not Recommended,252610,26623186,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Chaotic Zombie,"I wanted to like it so much. I wanted this to be my next big couch coop game. But unfortunately the combat is trash, it's buggy, and there is no variation between areas. It all looks the same, feels the same, and is very uninspired."
,Not Recommended,252610,30149090,Posted: 24 February,all,Ultimate Nobody,"Would be a good game if there wasn't just one problem: The game is completely luck basedGetting a good run, good weapons and overall having fun is like winning the lottery; it most likely wont happen"
,Not Recommended,252610,30719267,Posted: 24 March,all,jonibangs,"it's nice but gets boring fast..just drive-loot-trade-repeat..probably will be more fun with coop but i play mostly single player..i didn't pass the 2 hour mark before i got bored so i refunded the game :) maybe will revisit later if there is more content and bug/feature fixing..speaking of bugs and missing features, i find the inventory management needs a real bad overhaul..your ammo isn't shared between characters and you can't split ammo, so basically 1 guy can have 90 pistol ammo and the other guy can have 0 ammo and you can't split it..the developers seems to be aware about the issue but it's not fixed by the time this review posted..also there's some audio garbling bug when i'm on loot phase.."
,Not Recommended,252610,24870842,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spekkio,"Unfortunately I can't reccomend this game. There's no way to get skilled at playing it, and the co-op doesn't deliver because the controller input is broken, or so obtusely designed that me and my friends couldn't figure out how to get it playing on two controllers."
76561198069070153,Not Recommended,252610,33114613,Posted: 1 July,all,Sneee,"A fun little game based on Oregon trail. The game is fun, but gets incredibly repetetive quick. The RNG can really ruin things. Rather than feel that I have lost a run because I was inadequate, I usually lose because RNG has put me into a purposefully inwinnable position, such as an unending wave of zombies.I would say pick this game up on sale, but even that's too expensive for what this is. This is like a reverse mobile port. Built on the PC then going to mobile and as such the $15 asking price is 3x what it's worth."
76561198059520137,Not Recommended,252610,34221615,Posted: 13 August,all,psluuther,"Fun for the first couple hours, but that's it."
,Recommended,252610,28619823,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jinger,Very Gud game u shuld by if u lik zombies and fnny gayms
76561198046396113,Not Recommended,252610,24560917,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,meokop,Will not stop crashing
,Not Recommended,252610,30696564,Posted: 23 March,all,TrueWOPR,"I don't know what these reviewers are talking about, the game is rather easy, the combat is boring, the music (there's like 2 songs) is incredibly annoying, the 'hardest' part of the game is dealing with the RNG, since you can't choose to stop and grab supplies you have to roll the random event then roll the right kind of location then it in turn must roll x amount of food.If I wanted to deal with $15 of RNG I'd at least play Darkest Dungeon, at least its gameplay doesn't remind me of everything I dislike about Dynasty Warriors.Furthermore the game is quite buggy, I had one level that was in the sewers, and for the rest of the game everything had the echoy tunnel sound effects, also my characters status screen was bugged, ""WOPR doesn't mind zombies, but he HATES "" ...hates what?  couldn't fit the full text in the box?Give it a pass, refunded."
76561198004982483,Not Recommended,252610,24493975,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Esbon,Crashes. Alot.
76561198040805871,Not Recommended,252610,28902084,Posted: 1 January,all,No love Just war,It's not good for how much it cost
76561198008894817,Not Recommended,252610,29642834,Posted: 1 February,all,Why We Can't Have Nice Things,"This is a pretty fun game, but they make it basically unwinnable without a ton of random luck - everything has to work out right for you. So frustrating, and ultimately that ruins the fun."
,Not Recommended,252610,26272514,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"Bought game recently and here I ll write about problems, I faced in first ~20 mins:1.Tutorial Made for Keyboard. It means, that, ever if you plays with gamepad, it will still show you keyboard controls.2.No Graphics Settings. I know, its pixelated indie, but... cmon, it launches in like 800x600 window and thats native resolution of it - everything above will be upscaled with soap3.Awfull Controls. Games like this should be twin-stick. Instead of this, we are forced to hit to the same direction, we moves. Nuff said4.Dumb AI. There is a part in tutorial, where you need to run to the other room near horde of zombies. I've did it without any problems, but... know, what my follower did? HE DIED. THERE WAS LIKE THOUSAND FREE METRES AROUND EXIT, BUT INSTEAD HE RUN TRU THE HORDEI rlly tried to enjoy it - seen on lot of letsplays and almost fell in love. But, sadly, its not as good, as it looks. Refunded"
,Not Recommended,252610,25758224,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Viper Romani,"The game isn't to bad brings back that retro feeling on a classic console.The game play is pretty good the story and all not bad eitherthe only thing that i found lacking was... the fact the game is way to short...yeah it is challenging and all but it's just... ""short""and the characters usually keep repeating the same lines over and over again...weapons.. a decent selection and all but not really a whole lot from both melee and ranged.it does get funny time to time but again the repeat of the same lines the characters say tend to get old.. fastbut making the right or wrong choices which does make things easier or more harder.The lower the moral the more and more bickering and all insues with the character(s)i like th fact there are game modes.. but they don't really make the game to much.. more interestingThere are a lot more other Zombie based like generics out there that do much more than this can do in other waysbut i like the fact the creator was using what he/she could keep at it pleasei would definitely like too see what other games you might come around with.sadly though for the price tag.. the game kind of isn't worth getting honestlyand sadly i wouldn't even suggest friends getting this since the only way to play with a friend is if they connected a controller etc to the same PC and or labtop.What would of been nice if there was some way to make a open world style kind of game play or such.The price and that is what killed it for me don't like paying anything over  $10 for a game that is a challenge but is like a NES game where its only 2-3 levels and its the end of the gameI'd over all rate this game ona 3/5the game still is fun to play and i am not at all saying not to buy it.maybe the dev is going to add more? or maybe he/she will continue on another DRC 2?"
,Not Recommended,252610,29623589,Posted: 1 February,all,Chitfacedagain,Worst random events I've ever seen.
,Not Recommended,252610,28820232,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SKUMJET,UI is obscure and frustrating.Co op requires a tarot reader to implement.
,Not Recommended,252610,34157755,Posted: 10 August,all,Qu'est-ce que sauvé?,"No cloud support, stores saves in appdata/roaming of all places. All the fun chaos this game provides is not worth not being told this fact up front and center on the store page or in-game. To think about all the people out there this negatively affects...what are the devs thinking?Lost 29 hours of work, and I just can't see myself playing that much while feeling like I am getting nowhere. Don't be me.(Footnote:  I needed to leave my disappointment mark with this red thumb. Don't let it stop you from getting the game, you now know after all and it is really enjoyable.)"
76561197998722205,Not Recommended,252610,28931757,Posted: 1 January,all,SlaveMaster,"I expected something to play with friends, but co-op game is not so fun."
76561197995216194,Not Recommended,252610,28742045,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,www@internet.com,"As much as I love the game's art and writing, it's far too based in RNG. The majority of my runs end because the game doesn't spawn enough food, random events which straight up do unavoidable damage, etc."
,Not Recommended,252610,26039899,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Orewaseigida,"NO KEYBOARD SUPPORT!Edit: I forgot to put ""Mouse and..."" sorry."
76561198263052985,Not Recommended,252610,30286481,Posted: 2 March,all,Jakester,Ive got to say that you should not buy this game unless you are a completionest because unless you are playing with other people it gets boring FAST.
,Recommended,252610,30679622,Posted: 22 March,all,Charlie Zard,I just bought this game a few days ago... now it's on SALE!!!Should I ask for the discounted part of my money back?I really don't want to because the game is good and really fun!It would be nice if STEAM could give me back a few dollars so I can use it to buy another game!
76561198004095024,Not Recommended,252610,24638852,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Paladin,Way to hard!
76561198242057336,Not Recommended,252610,26237667,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SansDetermination,aiming not so great in huge waves of zombies
76561198039598318,Not Recommended,252610,26426802,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CptMfdvr,"looked good in theory, just didn't pan out. not sure how some of these games have such high reviews, so i gotta try to even it out i guess"
,Not Recommended,252610,24481874,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,WarPigeon,Great game but my controller is now on the other side of my drywall due to me throwing it after dying in the first siege 7 times in a row. This game is ridiculously difficult and frusterating.
,Not Recommended,252610,32935112,Posted: 28 June,all,SeriousBug,"Clunky controls and frustrating gameplay. If you are not a fan of ""die a 100 times, grind and hope that you happen to get a good run"" just avoid this."
76561198118614815,Not Recommended,252610,28280127,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),"Finally the first time i make it to the end of canada after so many tries and the ending is the stupidest thing ive ever witnessed. once you reach the end you have to fight off one last wave with a bunch of canadian allies but the horde was so big all of the allies died immediately and some mega robot canadian guy which im assuming is supposed to destroy the wave came in the second i died.Its a great game to play all the way through to the end i dont want to say i hate it but fun features are unlocked after you survive and make it to canada once. And considering this was my best performance yet, to lose it all just because the ending ends you faster than you can be saved. I just want to play other modes rather than the normal ones."
,Not Recommended,252610,32695510,Posted: 23 June,all,toothpjcks1,i didnt like it
,Not Recommended,252610,33404443,Posted: 9 July,all,Cheerilee,game sucked balls and found it really boring
76561198078351354,Not Recommended,252610,28548042,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,thepatman360,"Oh man im being attacked by bandits and they wanna take my stuff! No way im gunna let that happen! Let's fight!!! Oh, i dont actually fight them, it's just text that tells me what happens. Thats uh... thats some sweet gameplay"
76561198142345181,Not Recommended,252610,33934231,Posted: 31 July,all,osi777gt,very bad gamei thought it had multiplayer so i bought it for me and my friendwe watched a couple videos about itit asks you a question like every 10 seconds and it gets annoying.annoying♥♥♥♥♥musicnot worth 15$if it was like 5$ it would be worth it
,Not Recommended,252610,32188588,Posted: 4 June,all,Spiritube442,0/10 how do I win in this game?
,Not Recommended,252610,32236274,Posted: 7 June,all,Lucifer 💤,"This game is just horrible, I got this game a long time ago when I just didn't know what games I wanted and I didn't know how to refund. I bought it for $8 I think which I could of used on a much better game!Yeah 0.2 hours doesn't seem like a lot but if you play this game for that long it feels like you've been trapped in this game for years! Its just ♥♥♥♥ing horrible! Please never spend you're money on this.It has an amazing style like hotline miami, but its just such a let down.. :/Worst.. game.. I've ever played... 0.3/10 :("
,Not Recommended,252610,29534580,Posted: 27 January,all,twitch/svaniox,trash
,Recommended,252610,30354406,Posted: 6 March,all,Bad,"Really addictive, great atmosphere, varied gameplay. A nice change from the typical zombie shooter.Also, amazing soundtrack.Multiplayer can be a bit buggy, but is really fun most of the time."
76561197978215459,Recommended,252610,30405696,Posted: 9 March,all,Stalin  IK*RIP*,This game makes me laugh every time I play it. I really enjoy the custom character mode plus all the quirky modes to the game. Love D.R.T.C an absolute for fun hack and slash.
76561198272673865,Recommended,252610,30479454,Posted: 12 March,all,KAPUŚ,THAT GAME IS GOD FOR ALL ZOMBIE NON-HORROR GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198041536582,Recommended,252610,30757683,Posted: 26 March,all,Bunniesaur,Extremely fun and well made. Love the mechanics and story.
76561198341049903,Recommended,252610,30717663,Posted: 24 March,all,"FuckMe,Right?!","It took me 6 hrs just to cross to Canada. What's more, I only did it on the ""Special Characters"" mode (which is practically the ""easy"" mode). I haven't completed the normal mode due to its sheer difficulty, but that difficulty is basically the fun part of the game (along with its sense of humor). If it were to be easy, it would get boring pretty quickly. The RNG may be a bit tough at times, but it merely poses as a fun challenge.This game can act as a really nice outlet to pass an hour or two of boredom, whether it be alone or with a friend; its humorous antics would surely entertain you throughout the playthrough. I recommend this game to people who have a bit of time to spend learing over and over again of the game mechanics, and for those who love RNG, co-op, humor, and management games. It is definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,252610,30719491,Posted: 24 March,all,IDET,"Just got it and already i have gone on a deecent trip with lucas and tolbi until some guy with a mask showed up, we let him in but shortly after we booted him for a guy named luke, after one scavange, the hokey masked guy was in lukes spot and luke was gone, he looked pretty down until IDET dissapeared and then the guy was looking much better, then lucas died in a junkyard and the masked guy and tolbi made it off with some injuries, they died shortly after to bandits. long story cut way shorter, dont trust hokey mask people."
,Recommended,252610,30715411,Posted: 24 March,all,TheMooseIsLoose,"Very fun first round playing. Like many other reviewers I ended up with a dog as the sole survivor of larger party, who then began a solitary drive to Canada. The dog learned kung-fu that allowed me to attack in any direction rather then the standard left and right. Nearly made it to Canada but died in a museum that I was lured to because of flashy text.Controls feel floaty and limited at first, with only 2 effective directions to attack. Dogs have sharper control but can't use weapons at first.Great storytelling ability, amazing local co-op potential with 4 player splitscreen to come mabye next update."
,Recommended,252610,30718916,Posted: 24 March,all,Sparky,I made me and my best friend into charactersI charmed the ♥♥♥♥ outta everyone for free stuffHe spent alot of time flexingReal-life simulator 10/10
76561197960698021,Recommended,252610,30739041,Posted: 25 March,all,Dallahan,"After reading the reviews, I just had to get this game. I'm not sure what all the complaining about how hard this game is. Ok so you can die easily through no fault of your own with just some decision making but I managed to make it to Canada on my third try and made it in to beat the normal mode. The first two attempts I died horrbile deaths but it was a learning experience. Then the third time came around and I was thinking I was going to die again but after meeting Jason...I mean ""Mason"" on the side of the road holding his machette and chainsaw, the tide of the game turned in my favour. Even with two of my people including one them at the very end ""disappearing"" I still managed to cut a swathe through the undead to make it to my beautiful homeland.I liked the game and will continue to play it! If you don't think its worth it after buying it I don't know what to tell ya. Maybe go play something a little more kid friendly perhaps."
76561198352994001,Recommended,252610,30692241,Posted: 23 March,all,wedelbrianna,love the game but when I play on the keyboard I can not go up
,Recommended,252610,30700852,Posted: 24 March,all,Rawr,"Started a trip to Canada, lost the car keys, ditched 4 other cars, a friend got through a portal and came out manlier, found a dog, everyone died at the border except me and the dog, the dog suddenly speaks saying how pretty Canada is. 10/10Could use more songs though."
,Recommended,252610,30676443,Posted: 22 March,all,Yellow Bird,Devs have been very nice with all the free updates!  They have added a lot of free content to a game I already enjoyed.
,Recommended,252610,30683220,Posted: 23 March,all,Sauce Kaiser,"God how I wish this was online multiplayer, my buddy and I play the shared screen local, but the potential this has with a possible 4 player co op online is just insane. I love the rogue like elements and the atmosphere even a pixel art game like this can bring. The difficulty is high but also fair, deaths rarely feel cheap, at least to me, and generally I can quickly identify why I died. This game has heart and soul, but I dont know if its for everyone. But I highly reccomend this."
,Recommended,252610,30469825,Posted: 12 March,all,gudako,"It is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ HARD, but so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GOOOOOOOOOOD!DANG IT! Don't care about my hour i've spend, i've played it a lot with my friends w his computer before i got it anw!AWESOMEEE GAME! Very recommended!"
,Recommended,252610,30480397,Posted: 12 March,all,Kira Yoshikage,One of my favorite indie games of the year. Needs A LOT more recognition. 10/10
,Recommended,252610,25081382,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BlueBead,"I have a hard time explaining why I love this game. On paper, the gameplay loop sounded shallow to me at first, but here I am having played 12 hours of the game and still very much enjoying my time with it.I think it's the allure of just waiting for the next crazy thing to happen. Also I love games that have a custom character creator. It's just so much fun to watch yourself and your friends die terribly or blame each other for farting in the car.Also, the game is still getting updated fairly regularly. I love games that aren't in early access so that they're fleshed out and playable, yet still get nice quality of life updates.Onward to Canada!"
76561198041541015,Recommended,252610,25081562,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SoBeAzN,"I hope they come out with DLC soon, this game is hours of fun to play!"
76561197996570576,Recommended,252610,25120651,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Dildonius Frockstench,This game is the beavers cleaver eh
76561198293991563,Recommended,252610,25288912,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Leatherbait,"You and your pal hear tales of a zombie free canada. With nothing to gain in florida, you set out to drive to canada, braving food shortages, car breakdowns, workout accidents, REALLY hot chicken wings, anime girls, clowns, bees, and people saying ""cool it!"". Oh, and also zombies."
,Recommended,252610,25153925,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MBoot,Great for two players!
76561198140709156,Recommended,252610,25122519,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,The Ether Bunny,"First stop of my first round a zombie blew up a propane tank inside a very small store, so much for that.Second round i made it all the way to the border and everyone was killed by zombies. i definitely reccomend this game. Rare character mode is alot of fun, ran into some strange people and some good and some not so good."
76561198048640074,Recommended,252610,25273310,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,HankTheTank,Awesome
76561198026986252,Recommended,252610,25162732,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Konsori,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you all should be playing it :)
76561198040627574,Recommended,252610,30851961,Posted: 31 March,all,Fox with a broken toaster,"i had so much fun playing this game the parody character, the funny scenarios and the enjoyable dialogue.but its really hardi got killed by garfield's incessant hate of mondays"
,Recommended,252610,25088622,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Fathead,Amazing and enjoyable gameplay. Great soundtrack. Great theme and aesthetics giving of that arcade feel. And local Coop!I give it a 9/10. Would be 10/10 if it had Online coop.
,Recommended,252610,25152632,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Pretzel,"Death Road to Canada is an overwhelmingly fun homage to the Oregon Trail (or more accurately the Organ Trail). I bought it on a whim due to the art style and zombies, as I have a soft spot for these types of games, and I honestly couldn't be more in love with it. The game is funny, original, creative, interesting, and above all else it's hard as hell. You face some serious challenges on the death road, and it takes a really long time before you're even competent enough to reach the final days leading up to Canada. On top of that, the sound track is absurdly catchy, to the point where I find myself going around my daily life whistling or humming to the music that's in this game.This is all without even mentioning the fun I've had playing this couch coop. I only picked up the game two weeks ago shortly after its release on steam, but my friends and I have taken every opportunity possible to meet up at my place and get as far as we can. We still haven't even beaten the game once, possibly because we're terrible, but more likely because the game is just that challenging, and that's something I simply love.If you are the kind of person who enjoys rogue-like games with difficult but rewarding gameplay, or if you're just looking for a good game to hang out with some friends and play, then this is a great choice for you.I give Death Road to Canada a 9/10."
76561198043653111,Recommended,252610,25516221,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,gandoof,Fun game with a lot of replayability. Would reccomend buying!
76561198000741197,Recommended,252610,26305980,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sweet Baby Coots,"Was driving along when a prompt comes up saying someone farted in the car and no one knows who done it, only one person alive at the the time. Got +1 gas, 10/10"
76561198082918708,Recommended,252610,26306308,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Atlas,This game is great.The group finds a dog named Jennine and take it as a pet.Both group members die in a siege.Jennine starts driving the car somehow.Jennine then beats a horde of bandits in a pose-off.Best game 11/10 would play as dog again
76561198073066352,Recommended,252610,26302150,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MILF HUNTER XXX,I got turned into a succubus with a pitchfork when I gave the devil my chips
,Recommended,252610,26327271,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RedFoxUK,"FINALLY MADE IT TO CANADA!Such a good game, controls are spot on.The whole game has huge amounts of detail in its programming and design.Perks make very noticable differences, All the special characters and strange random events makes you want to keep playing - An example would be finding a genie that granted me special powers.Brutal gameplay but fair. With each death you find a new stratagy and it urges you to keep going.Worth every penny."
76561198031795545,Recommended,252610,26283403,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Niko S,Starting party died.Dog died.Almost at Canadian boarderBee flies into car and kills me12/10 would play again.
76561198088823168,Recommended,252610,25702696,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FrütCake,"Scavenge for ham scraps on a road trip to Canada, where zombies are too nice to eat you."
76561198034301051,Recommended,252610,27328262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,QUIZNAK,"I have max level traits, mostly to find dogs. Dogs are best characters. Made it to Canada with team of me and 3 dogs. 10 out of 10"
76561198040696137,Recommended,252610,27384289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xXxLASERCHICKENxXx,One of the most unforgivable games I have ever played.
,Recommended,252610,27348618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clown,"A fun, quirky, and silly survival game that is unique to me. It's fun adding my friends into the game, watching them all die, and then a dog man takes the place of the entire team"
,Recommended,252610,30930078,Posted: 3 April,all,Mollychu,Really fun game to play alone or with a friend.You can bind keys for 2 players but I reccomend controllers.Make yourself and/or people you know as characters to give the game a bit of immersion.Collect resources during action scenes to survive every day on your way to canada and make decisions during your travels in seemingly random scenarios that will change your outcome Oregon trail style.
,Recommended,252610,30926736,Posted: 3 April,all,Gabe and Kevo,This is a super cute game and it's fun as heck. It's hecking great and always has me thinking on my feet.
,Recommended,252610,27306144,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CUCKHOLD KID,is good
,Recommended,252610,27297163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VoxxyVix,"Imagine a rougelike had a baby with the Oregan Trail, this is what you get. A perfect balance of combat and situations that make you decide the fates of your characters, Death Road to Canada is a great game for people looking for not only good gameplay, but a few good laughs along the way.ProsGood variety of gameplay with many different situations to get yourself intoNice graphic design, the pixel style is consistent and not an eyesoreAwesome soundtrackCharacter creator with many slots to save the people you've madeComedic moments that don't have to try to be funnyConsDifficulty changes drastically at times without warning, and all characters dying has you starting all overSome events can very easily kill everyone without your inputThe game can get old very quicklyThe character creator is a little limited, not allowing for a lot of customizationOverall, if I were to score the game, I'd give it a 7/10. It's a good, but not perfect game."
,Recommended,252610,27182343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chicken Nostrils,"I love this game. I have been playing for a couple of months now and I can say that this is the type of game that doesnt get old. As long as you keep playing there will always be something new, it could be a character or a new event but it is always worth that extra playthrough."
,Recommended,252610,30932257,Posted: 3 April,all,meatz666,Toilets
,Recommended,252610,26768011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xh-Plasam 「カートン」,Great game based off of an old classic.
,Recommended,252610,26766157,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,raspberrycat,"This is an amazing game with so much depth it's ridiculous! It doesn't take itself to seriously either, and is made by two amazing developers: Madgarden, who brought you Eggnogg, and RocketCat Games, who made the likes of wayward souls, mage gauntlet and hook champ!Overall this is a fantastic game, if a touch hard on normal mode,and I can't wait to try it with local co-op with my friend!"
,Recommended,252610,26841974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IceBreak,"gameplay, music and characters are perfect in this game and the updates are making this game more fun to play, i enjoyed every second.i miss good old zombie games and this one is really Worth it!"
76561198159899542,Recommended,252610,26560298,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[Mysterious Capitalist],"Death Road To Canada is a special kind of frustrating.It's unfair. It constantly ♥♥♥♥s you over and many of your losses will be completely down to RNG. You'll feel powerless to help as the game throws more food than you'd ever need at you yet neglects to give you any fuel whatsoever. You'll take a deep sigh as the game pits you against swarms of unrelenting hordes armed with a human femur, yet I'm strangely ok with it.Simply put, Death Road To Canada is the kind of game where I don't mind losing because of all the crazy stories I'll get out of the experience. If you go in expecting something tough but fair like FTL you'll be screaming at your monitor in anger but if you simply go in to create your friends, family and Persian leaders circa 423-404 BC and watch as everything goes horribly, horribly wrong you'll be laughing through the pain.For example, I had a party of myself, a friend, Emperor Palpatine and a dog we found on the way named Milo. During a raid of a mostly empty house Palpatine decided now was the time to use that molotov he'd been saving in a small hallway which I had been standing in. Myself and my friend were burnt to a crisp and it was up to Palpatine and his dog to carry on our legacy.They died when he told an armed bandit to cool it.At 15€ the game feels a tad overpriced what with games like the aforementioned FTL being only €10 which I'd argue have much more replayability and depth but on the whole I'd reccomend Death Road To Canada as a fun little game to toy around in every now and then."
76561198106419870,Recommended,252610,26994146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RushingBuzZ,This is byfar one of my favorite games. I can't get enough and every playthrough is different I love this. It is so fun when you grab a friend and both of you get sucked in to the local co-op. 10-10 i love it especially the style.
,Recommended,252610,26879260,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ice Abyzz,"Why aren't you playing this game right now, you DINK! Only Dinks don't play this game!Seriously, this game is endless amount of fun. Solid zombie wacking and looting gameplay mixed with a ""Oregan Road"" travel system. Injected with so much popculture refrence and jokes and easter eggs and wacky encounters, also, you'll learn new curse words. This game is definetly worth the asking price. Play this game.You DINK!"
,Recommended,252610,26815492,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cutie,"Death Road to Canada was a gem that popped up and breathed new light into the Oregon Trail type of game, with great humor, an amazing soundtrack, unique and unexpected random events, and a real challenge to overcome. If you are a fan of video games, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,252610,26940125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duck Dynasty,This is amazing if you're trying to find a quick hoot-n'-holler
76561198096407888,Recommended,252610,26696336,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,underspirit,"Death Road to Canada is a really good and fun game but it's INSANELY HARD! It's a pixelised survival game where you take control of a group of survivors that want to go to Canada because it's a safe place in the zombie infested world. You manage food, gas, ammo and the car. There's random events where it's hard to come out of it without any damage like bandits taking all your food and ammo or you get hurt. I found myself dying alot 5 to 7 days of driving to arrive to Canada. Fun things that this game have is that you can create characters. So you can make you, your family and your friends and try to survive! There's also a offline multiplayer so you can play with your friends (I highly reccomand it because sometime the CPU can suicide...) Anyway this game is a blast to play if you like challenging games."
76561198146041785,Recommended,252610,26938833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgt WhiteWolf,Very Good Game.
,Recommended,252610,26951113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Impromptu Cactus Acupuncture,I killed my best friend because I got hot wings that were too hot. 11/10
,Recommended,252610,26885980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rockmanblu,It's like oregon trail but with survival sections and amazing characters.
76561197967377333,Recommended,252610,26882534,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hinn håle,This is a pretty fun game to play.Recommend this game if you like games that are difficult to win.
76561198211912976,Recommended,252610,26739840,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tomandpug123,"My favorite rogue-like!!! It has all the things I enjoy; zombies, procedural generation, and best of all: local coop!!! This is a great game to play with friends on the couch, the encounters are super funny and create a great story, and each run is very memorable. We still talk about some of our first attempts at the game."
76561198098434647,Recommended,252610,26906901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tao-mo,"My character once bench pressed a car. Good game, good game."
,Recommended,252610,26797532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GiDabbelju,Braaaaaaaaaaaaains!
,Recommended,252610,26795498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪яoyal,9/10 the only thing I think could improve this game is multiplayer and more weapons (that's not to say there's not enough in this game)
,Recommended,252610,26795655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AVGDutchie,"it might seem a simple game, but it's brutal and just a whole lot of fun. and that's all that matters in the end"
76561198115812513,Recommended,252610,30866987,Posted: 31 March,all,King Skywhale,"THIS SUMMERONE LEGENDARY GROUP OF SURVIVORSONE WALL OF DEAD MEN AND FLESHAND MANY MANY SUPERMARKETSSAVE PEOPLE FROM INFESTED BUILDINGS, ONLY TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER DIE IN THE PROCESSFIND A DOG AND THEN SACRIFICE EVERY MEMBER OF YOUR CREW FOR HIM UNTIL NOBODY IS LEFT BUT BUDDYDIE FROM A STUBBED TOE AND TOOTHACHEATTEMPT TO SCALE THE DEAD WALL ON THE BORDER BY CUTTING THROUGH IT WITH A PRIUS AND A BROKEN TABLE LEGDEATH ROAD TO CANADA (Roar of the horde)10/10 would make trailer again."
,Recommended,252610,30950876,Posted: 4 April,all,The Bell,"Played this game with my partner and we love it, great writing, events and lots of variation. It's actively worked on by a dev(s) that care and want to give you the best experience that the game can do. Great music, great fun and great game!"
,Recommended,252610,27799000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CreamedCauliflower,"You can play as dog/cat.You can be an anime girl (Not that I would be one.)You can slaughter zombies.JUST GO GET IT, IT'S FRICKING FUN"
,Recommended,252610,27850441,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sheltem,The most fun one can have in the upcoming Trump-induced zombie hellscape the US is going to become next year.
,Recommended,252610,27884416,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Epson,Amazingly fun game! Not a fan of Zombie games to be honest. But this one really got me. The music is awesome! Would recommend this to anyone. Bring a buddy for co-op its so much fun.
,Recommended,252610,27879096,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hzoangel,Great RPG style game.
,Recommended,252610,30951025,Posted: 4 April,all,SmokePuddingEveryday!,"Death Road to Canada is an amazing game. On top of it's amazing humor and charming pixel graphics, the fun and engaging gameplay always keeping me coming back for more. A lot of the fun comes from never knowing whats gonna happen on the Death Road next. You can findJasonMason with his machete and amazing strength, as well as a fairy queen, an exploding anime girl, aA TOO SWOLE TO CONTROLbodybuilder, a sumo wrestler, the famous mexican luchador El Satan, and even a totally normal old cat lady.The game's music is also amazing, giving you that old arcade vibe that blends with the graphics and gameplay very nicely. Take a listen here!:https://joeygrady.bandcamp.com/album/death-road-to-canada-ostThe game even has an local co-op mode at the moment. In later updates, splitscreen, four-player mode, and even potentially online play will be in the coming future.All in all, this is a great game and you should definitely a game you should check it out!"
76561198049514032,Recommended,252610,30967372,Posted: 5 April,all,moonweasel,"I found this game hilarious. It's made me laugh out loud many times, and I can't play it without smiling. It's adorably grim, light-hearted, and just challenging enough to keep my interest piqued without making me feel frustrated. I died over and over and over again, and I had a wonderful time."
,Recommended,252610,24715025,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TalonSword,"This game and dev are awesome!Pick this game up, this is a DIAMOND!"
,Recommended,252610,25101129,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,hoke,Its got anime
,Recommended,252610,24915780,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Putty Patroller,"If you're interested at all, you should at least watch a video. This game is great. Usually don't do reviews, but the game deserves more recognition.Basically it's oregon trail, with FTL choice options affected by your teams stats. Light RPG elements. Light resource management. And a real time scavenging / combat with a dumb-AI squad every couple of minutes. The combat is basic, but it's still fun. The main draw is the story of all the great / horrible things that happen to your guys on the road. You can create a pool of custom characters that you find. This is highly reccomended. Makes the journey personal and enhances the humor in that sims sort of way when your characters drop everything and decide to go mini golfing. This might, if someone on your squard has a bad attitude stat, backfire and result in Stacey throwing the ball to ruin the game (typical Stacey). You might find your team squabbling over a lone candy bar, or deciding whether or not to shack up at a creepy old lady's ""inn"". Then your friend Bill starts Obama-bashing in the car.Pros:-Looks polished, the retro graphics don't feel like a cheap shortcut-Good music / sfx, if slightlyyyyy repetitive. But only slightly. Zombies have a nice SQUISH.-Humor is on point. The game strikes a great tone of lightheartedness. The ""full tilt random"" stuff is just rare enough to be exciting. But they do have a mode where all that gets cranked up if it's more your style. The base game itself is more restrained than the trailer will have you believe, but I'd say that's a good thing.-Every run is different. It's even fun to die and start over.-One month in, Devs still balancing and adding a few things.-Suprising number of zombies on screen.-2 player couch coop, shared screen. Haven't tried it yet, but I've heard it's ""okay"" if a little buggy.Cons:-Perks are a bit unbalanced. For instance, paranoid and mechanic are VERY good at the moment. Some are pretty lame.-No online or lan multi- but for this price point it's not bad. Devs are planning split screen supposedly.-Some AI pathing issues / bugs might result in death. But after it happens once or twice you can avoid it.-No info about weapons in the game, just named. Which is better, the axe or sledgehammer? How much strength till I'm not penalized for using it? What makes this hockey stick ""X-treme"" over the regular one? Beats me. Not going to sit in an empty room to test and do the math on randomized dmg, cooldown time, stamina use, and the impact 2 seperate stats have on it all.-Your AI squad guy might find a grenade early on. He might hold it for the entire game in his inventory lulling you into a false sense of security; just obediently holding it for you to use later. Then he will suddenly have the urge to throw it at a zombie 1 foot away on the last level, killing your entire team in one shot even though you were fully decked out in some great gear. (STILL SALTY).Overall, great game. 15 bucks? Do it."
76561198094906827,Recommended,252610,24923198,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Puggly Wuggly | csgogem.com,"I've played this game for only about 8 hours so i don't have a huge amount of weight with this, but i love this game.The re-play value is insane and the fact that 2 people can play at once just makes it that much better. I played this game with my friend and we got to the point where only 1 person was left and we were 1 day out. Of course it had to be a man wearing ONLY a horsemask. He ran off, so in the end we lost. We spent maybe a solid 10 minutes just laughing.I rate 5/7 perfect score for just the memes alone"
76561198081278560,Recommended,252610,25055571,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Thomas,"Great game to sit down with friends and watch as your character becomes ""The Swole that was foretold""Absolutely recommend this game!"
76561198086317860,Recommended,252610,25062826,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,PirateDan,Awesome game. No access to game options (specifically key configuration) is annoying though
76561198009552984,Recommended,252610,24879906,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Swearengen,"Created a surly swordsman called Sephiroth. Chester was his companion. Chester constantly annoyed Sephiroth, who secretly wished he could get rid of him. Driving down the road, they encountered The Devil, who was hungry and asked for some pizza. The group did not have pizza so offered him some pizza flavoured chips instead. The Devil was pleased but afterwards he asked for a sacrifice. Sephiroth did not hesitate to sacrifice Chester and continued the journey alone.10/10 would sacrifice an annoying companion again"
,Recommended,252610,24832672,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dr.Eugenics,"Why are you here reading this?! Go, install this now and never come back!Game is A1 comedy violence with a hard as nails twist. The dev is dedicated, active and reponds directly to the community so you couldn't really ask for more"
76561198107596987,Recommended,252610,24835551,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BoomyTrevor101,Is a fun and hard game and I love it and I love that pixel art its soo cool and see so many characters and being able to make your own is cool to also that horse head guy was soo OP with a gun and moving so fast I still died but its was so fun I recommend this game alot its so good
76561198047581510,Recommended,252610,24904490,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Perpetual Cringe,"My surivors got caught aguring and got caught in a horde, the option to give up the road was there. BUT ♥♥♥♥ THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥I WOULD RATHER DIE THAN GIVE UPI died with my valkyrie that carried me through must of the game/hard parts dying last. i dont know how im supposed to win if that cant beat the game but still it was a fun play through. the game takes inspiration from oregon but with zomibes and fun  combat.I like playing on the mode where funny things and characters can pop up making the game easier, or NOT. in my case i almost won with a lucky encouter that made me almost win. its fun to loot and try to aviod zomibes and the game has a good sense of humor.the controlls arent bad and are simple and there are some gliches but its becuase the dev team is small and i think they went through a lot making this game, i think. whatever you do dont switch weapons in the middle of a fight other wise it kicks you out due to a SUPER BUG.Even the bad things that happen like sieges are fun and keep the game exiting its diffucult and i love playing it. I HOPE this game becomes a classic becasuse good inde games are under a layer of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.maybe next time i will give up and live the rest of my days happy"
76561197977829915,Recommended,252610,24895376,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lovecraft Scientist,"I rarely take the time to review games, though I'm an avid gamer. But Death Road to Canada deserves to be noticed and praised. It's a charming, witty little survival action game with enough randomness to allow for a lot of replay. Probably my favorite game of 2016 so far. Easy to pick up, hard to put down, and a bastion of shared screen co-op. Easily worth the asking price.GIVE 'ER"
,Recommended,252610,24869389,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BaubleNiggle,"It's like a mixture of left 4 dead and oregon trail. The humor is cheesy in a good way, and you can customize your characters. An overall good game"
76561198074462158,Recommended,252610,30844018,Posted: 30 March,all,Frog,"Game so good, wish I could stop working to play, DAMN THEE WORK!10/10 Would Zombie Again."
76561198323443102,Recommended,252610,24864638,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Wytegurls4lyfe,"Death Road to Canada is this perfect amalgam of zombie genre tropes smashed together in a hilariously fun, retro-inspired and randomized road trip experience. Customizable characters, randomized scenarios, resource scavenging, life and death choices, big guns and guts! It’s all here. AAA material from a passionate indie developer with a track record for quality. Can't wait for iOS!!The best zombie game on the market!"
,Recommended,252610,24861902,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Anorna,"Played this with my girlfriend. We managed to get to the border after some tries. We used up all our ammunition getting past the bridge. We get swarmed, and my girlfriend dies in the horde.10/10, would sacrifice my girlfriend again."
76561198138439974,Recommended,252610,24859458,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,noamstero,"This game is great. the art style is amazing, the tone of the game fits perfectly, and honestly its satisfying making progress. so many things could go wrong that when things go right it feels satisfying. i still haven't beaten it but i definitely will. I give this game a 10. I enjoy it and don't see any major flaws or glitches."
76561197993248610,Recommended,252610,24859705,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"Very good rogue-like game. No reason not own this if your a rogue-like junkie.Fun simple fighting system and cool event system. Luck is a factor but such is life, get this game well worth full price."
,Recommended,252610,24998739,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BR Patrol,"Daryl: This is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!Hobson: I agree, Daryl."
76561197990116280,Recommended,252610,24998759,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Biscuits87,Got killed by some hot wing sauce. I don't know how to console myself. Amazing game.
76561198027915549,Recommended,252610,24474603,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Aozmorf,Game crashed quite often. Seem like something is wrong with random room generator.Update: crash has gone. The game itself good example of well done roguelike game.
76561198040835335,Recommended,252610,24486568,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gregoray,"Great game! No more crashes, just dogs and zombies =D"
76561198045808952,Recommended,252610,24637421,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,diablogamer225,"Just recently completed the normal campaign, and I was very impressed. If you enjoy games like FTL and Organ Trail this is a must buy."
76561198105068918,Recommended,252610,24634878,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,PotatoNinja,Great game the rng can be stressful but i love it at te same time
76561198079677541,Recommended,252610,24630328,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Crisis,"A really fun and challenging game with lots of replayability, especially when you find unique characters along the way. I managed to find some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in green who I found in a residential house picking up furniture and breaking them and randomly screaming ""HYAAAAH!"" I may not understand what he is saying but at least he's been useful when it comes to bandits and scaring them off, not to mention he is able to ""size up"" new recruits and tell me their stats before they join up. If only he didn't have an attitude problem with his constant screaming..."
,Recommended,252610,25064254,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,faierius,"While not generally a type of game I would play, I find myself having a ton of fun with this. The mechanics are simple and the music make it so much fun to kill zombies. Some of the hordes are a little frustrating (for people like myself, anyway, as I am not very good at games), but I would fault that more on my skill than the game. Tons of fun, definitely recommend it for people who like awesome music, humor, and just plain ole' zombie murder."
76561198015813554,Recommended,252610,24952950,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,equilibrium58,"The controller settings for the second controller are currently not working.You can't even set the buttons for them to work.It used to be fine in a previous version. Now I can't even play the game with my gf.There's no point now.I'm just going to have to wait until the developers actually fix the game.I'm guessing one of their updates was supposed to fix a controller bug, but they created another one whichrendered my playing experience useless...I still recommend this game, but they better fix this soon."
76561198171493059,Recommended,252610,25042918,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jet1000,The best game I have played
76561198325315185,Recommended,252610,25340136,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,maser,"REAL GOOD. Full of great references and a quirky sense of humor. Nice and challenging, too. The stories that this game creates with its random events and characters always give me something new. A great choice if you wanna sit back and COOL IT!!!"
76561198044430654,Recommended,252610,25335314,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,RadioMars,"I want everyone, including developers, to know, that, as a cat person, I am personally OFFENDED, that this game missrepresents cats and promotes DOG SUPREMACY over other pet minorities. In this game dogs are portraited as distinct individuals with different character traits, while representation of cats is reduced to a single random event in which it behaves as a total♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted to play this game with my cat, but because of lack of characters to assotiate itself with, my cat won't even pick the controller.So my first suggestion to you is to recognize your canine privilage(which is nothing to be ashamed of), and include more feline characters with dveloped personalities in future updates."
,Recommended,252610,25361790,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Clintar,"There are certainly ups and downs to the game, like having the procedural map generation bone you at times or your team mates not pulling their own weight during a fight despite you telling them what you want them to do. These few grievances never seem to affect my gameplay however, as I usually find myself rising to the added challenge this presents for good or bad.My first play-through I didn't know what to expect, most of it is hard to differentiate between my many play-throughs since but I will never forget a particular moment where my group happened across a strange old woman running a bed & breakfast; there were a few choices I could choose from but none of them really beneficial so I decided to throw the dice and selected ""Say it don't spray it!"" expecting the absolute worse to follow. To my surprise the old woman not only gave us a place to stay for the night but fed us the next morning, after recovering from the initial shock I laughed out loud for a good minute before trailing off into sporadic chuckles while I continued my journey to Canada. I couldn't recommend this game enough to anyone who has a fondness for rogue-likes with a sense of humor and a nostalgic love for Oregon Trail.Extra Tip: If your vehicle is destroyed or runs out of gas and you don't want to lose your ammo (which might or might not happen until you find another vehicle) try loading up your character's inventory with as many guns of each ammo type as possible. I've found that you won't lose ammo if it's loaded into a gun and carried on your person, just be sure you put it back into your storage when you do get a vehicle or don't if you like to live dangerously."
76561198002326322,Recommended,252610,25767066,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Captain Sporadic,"Death Road to CanadaGame is fun, funny and technically endless as you and your team trek from the wastes of Florida to bristling perfection that is Canada in the zambi alpacalyspe.Throughout your journey you must maintain proper fuel levels, car damage, food, and the health of your survivors by exploring randomly genereated towns full of the undead and rest stops that allow you to buy and loot supplies and weapons to use or trade. There are random events with skill checks and also little hidden events in towns to help boost ratings for your travelers. Comabt is simple and addicting, however knowing when to run is often a critical choice. Side note: kiting skills are a plus.You can also create your own team of survivors, equip them with certain professions and skill sets like Pistoleer- Good with pistols, or Car nut - Bonus mechanic stats. You can take up to 2 of them to start the game and hope to run into the other on your journey to canada. Your teammates can leave you depending on their stats so be careful of who you choose, or they can bring your morale down if they are annoying or a whiner.The games old 16bit feel is welcoming and is good for a quick periods of gaming. My only gripe is that the events arent as vaired as I'd like but that is very fixable with patches and more writing from the dev team. All in all good game to play."
,Recommended,252610,25864085,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Edgy,every one in my party was replaced with dogs and was 1 day till canada when the dog farted in the car and every one left my car..
76561198328573971,Recommended,252610,25809390,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Scrub.exe,"It's enjoyable experiance I would total rcomend it. If your not sure I would watch a steam of it, Vinny vinesuase has had some great runs."
76561198375630603,Recommended,252610,30898887,Posted: 2 April,all,henrystickman1234,"this game is the bombi heard of this game from spacehamster and let me tell you its a blast. everything about it is so cool and original, the Oregon trail type mechanics, food being a double edge sword everything i love this game."
,Recommended,252610,26338389,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zag,"Oh my god. This game is unbelieveably fun.-Great music-Great writing and humor-Fun to play over and over, and to watch your friends and family fight amongst themselves and/or get eaten and/or robbed by swole bandits."
,Recommended,252610,26336920,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Philip Screwdriver,COOL IT!
,Recommended,252610,26355133,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,EvinTehNerd,Day 1 - Evin and Jack go on an adventure. Evin gets hit twice. He escapes. So does Jack. They go to get hot wings. Evin IRL : I hate spicy things. Evin then burns to death in hot sauce. Game : That was worth it.Evin IRL : nope
,Recommended,252610,26366369,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fliplike,I have had so much fun because of this game I even shared my feelings to my friend here is the chatFliplike: I DIED INSTANTLY IN CANADA DAMN IT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ASSFliplike: IM GONNA ♥♥♥♥INGFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: I DONT CARE IF YOURE OFFLINE THIS IS JUSTFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥Fliplike: I LOST IT ALLFliplike: I DITCHED LUIGI FOR HANNAH AND HANNAH JUST LEFTFliplike: I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE EVERYTHINGFliplike: ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥Fliplike: ONLY ONE SURVIVED THE SIEGE BEFORE CANADAFliplike: AND THEN I DIE IN CANADAFliplike: THIS IS BSFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: IM SO MADFliplike: ♥♥♥♥ AGAINFliplike: THIS WILL PROBS BE AN♥♥♥♥♥FOR YOU TO READ BUT I DONT CAREFliplike: IM SOOOOFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: IM GONNA CRY NOWFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: SOMEBODY KILL MEFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: ITS HARD TO GET OFF MY KEYBOARD BECAUSE I HAVE TO BE SILENTFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: I WANT TO STOPFliplike: I CANT STOPFliplike: ♥♥♥♥ING WASTING TIME AWAKE FOR NOTHINGFliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: ♥♥♥♥Fliplike: im calm nowFliplike: finallyFliplike: well have fun reading this11/10 would die in Canada again.
76561198285006327,Recommended,252610,26366539,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Shark,Love it. just wish it was online co op
76561198256023872,Recommended,252610,26363773,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,8bitzodiac,"Zombie games are one thing.Roguelikes are another.Together they form an amazing game!I personally found out about this game after watching some youtubers play it, and I haven't put it down since. This addictive rougelike quickly became one of my most played steam game of all time.Throughout the game you'll find yourself making custom characters and using them to create a dream team that has to brave it to Canada. After picking a team you must hoard food, gas, some food, medicine, more food, bullets, and even more food. And then tough it out in your SUV/hot dog car/dog van until you get to Canada, occasionally running into new friends.One adventure could go something like this.--------(beware spoilerish thing [a few scenarios kind of spoiled, if you want to go in completely blind just skip this])------Your character starts and gets supplies, normal day right?No, you soon meet a gnome riding a rat. He seems nice so you invite him to join.Then you meet a dog wearing a trench coat. He joins your team to.But then you accidently leave him behind in a raid :(Afterward you see a sasquatch.Then break into a twinkie truck, and go on an entirely twinkie based diet.You die shortly afterwardsDang it!-----(spoilerish thing over)----------------------Seriously, buy this game. It's challenging, hilarious, and generally really good."
,Recommended,252610,26371280,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DannyTheGrumpyAnimal,fun for a while can't play it for hours but play for half an hour or an hour and take a break then after a while start playing againwhen a character you made dies it hits you hard especially if you went with the me and my lover route
,Recommended,252610,26373892,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,FettFläsk,"-Good team with good stats-Guy with mask wants to hitchike-I pull over to see who he is-Masked guy named ???-??? kills leader so he can fit in car-??? has OP machete and chainsaw-??? has low morale, girl in team vanish and ??? gets good morale-Only ??? and Kung-Fu master left-Picks up girl on the road-Girl vanish and ??? gets good morale-7 days left to Canada-Loots a place and ??? dies-Only Kung-Fu master left-4 days left and Kung-fu master dies and ??? comes ack from the grave-??? feels lonley with no one else-??? ditches trip to canada and gets drunk next to lake10/10 Canadas, would stop for masked guy again"
76561198176533758,Recommended,252610,26314590,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Person Guy,"A powerful demon possesses your friend""hey, can I have a slice of pizza?"" the demon asksyou give him a slice""thanks, can I have soul to wash it down?""umm... no""okay.... thanks anyways, I guess"""
76561198035767311,Recommended,252610,26409249,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,heavyarms99,"I have never wrote a review before but me and my cousin had so much fun with this game that I figured that it deserved it.  To start off this game's encounters are random as f&ck, we have played through this game a few times and most every playthrough we would run across an event or action to that event that made us just go ""what the hell lol"".The gameplay itself for this game is pretty well done, its a little  wierd sometimes when the leader goes into another room cause your not sure when the second character is going to show up sometimes (this is also partly because my cousin who was the leader would enter a room while I was across the room from him). Anyway back to gameplay got distracted, the combat is intuative for the most part the heavier the weapon the quicker you get tired, the more tired you are the longer it takes between attacks and the less damage you do.Also, I haven't mentioned it but you can also create your own characters and base them off whatever you want.  We found this to be a fun aspect since we could make the story kinda our own (with the addition of alot of dogs) I mean what can beat having your cousin kick your character out then next event have your other buddy steal the car with all the supplies? (ha take that u @ss thats what happens when u kick me out)Over all this game is a ton of fun to play and will have you stressing out after you start getting surrounded and are down to one health (time to pull out the guns), The events add enough variety that you will probly run into something new everytime you play it (hot wings whyyyy) while the limeted resources keeps you on your toes on when to use said resources. Not sure if i mentioned this or not but this game also is local only and i have not tested to see if you can play with more then two people at a time.  Anyway just go get this game grab a buddy, a few controlers, use an hdmi to hook it up to your tv, make custom characters of yourselfs, and go to town. Litterally go to town I mean why would you not go to Yallmart?"
,Recommended,252610,26412046,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,|R|E|D|,Great little game .. Hard but very fun
76561198294271970,Recommended,252610,26469961,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,All of Venezuela,"A fun, apocalypse style game, with unique and fun gameplay.The stage is set in a zombe outbreak, with rumor spreading of Canada being safe from the zombie infection which is ravenging the states. You must enter a roadtrip through hell with your group of custom survivors (either randomly generated, or personalized) along the death road leading to Canada.Along the way you must collect resource, fuel, medical supplies, and allies, or your going to die.Each character is unique having their strong points and weak, which is evident in combat and various choices you must make along the road, which could very well decide your fate.Strap on your Cowboy Rifle, and grab a kitchen knife, because It's this game is kill or be killed."
,Recommended,252610,26444973,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,The Italian IceMan,"Just climbed on board after watching Projared do a quick LP of this game and I must say, this game is fantastic. The first thing I'd like to lead off with is that I play with a controller and have yet to play with keyboard beause controller just feels so damn good! Although the turorial is only for keyboard it takes less than a minute of experimentation to draw the parallels. The game has three sections: Driving, where you can view your vehicle status, equipment screens, progress, and make important party decisions; Exploration, where you send out selected party members to scavenge for materials, weapons or to trade with caravans; and Seige, where all members must fight a formiddable horde of zombies for a set amount of time before they have the opportunity to escape.Pros:- Customizable characters adds investment- Random events keep the game interesting- Training stats levels up custom character perks- Great mix of bad♥♥♥♥♥ery and Unexpected ChaosCons:- AI will trade thier weapon slots at thier discretion- RNG can be brutal or too forgiving- Minor/ rare bugs can spoil a good run- A pug had better 'Wits' than meThe first thing I would suggest is creating yourself and your best friend or significant other and playing through the normal campaign three times. Then, once you strart to understand how the game generally works, fill the first 2 of the eight pages with other friends, family members, or any random people you've always dreamed of surviving the apocalypse with and play through the 'custom characters ONLY' campaign - this is where I found the most enjoyment.This game is absolutely worth the $15 spent, and I highly reccomend it to anyone who is looking for something fresh to play by themselves or with a buddy."
,Recommended,252610,26466183,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Johnny5point6,"Damn. This game is something special. Surprisingly, it is one of my most favorite survival games I've ever played. It just feels intense, I love the variables you come across along the way.My last run I was doing so well, I was full of ammo, and health. I had a good team. Then, I came across a guy...a guy on the side or the road...he had a bloody blade and a chainsaw....I should have known better.This game is spectacular."
,Recommended,252610,26399654,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[fa],"Game's a great little bit of fun, with a kickass, relaxing soundtrack. Honestly, there is no way this game should have a soundtrack this good."
76561198157438247,Recommended,252610,26462202,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SirDoggington,"I Loooooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee this game. It starts out a bit easy but then punishes you for thinking that it is easy. The only reason I got far to the end is because I got lucky and was able to hire a witch, but even then I still didn't make it. The Seiges seem like just a stressful event every now and then but when you get deeper into the game you get Seiges where zombies fall from the roof... kind of like that one episode of The Walikng Dead. This game is also great for local 2 player coop, infact it is almost impossible with out a friend. Buy this game if you enjoy a good challenge and a fun time."
76561198098268680,Recommended,252610,26518345,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Hakooru,"I feel like the key phrase from ""Martian Gothic"" fits well here...""Stay alone; Stay alive""It may be nice to find a group of survivors to roll around with you, have them grab extra weapons and such to keep your journey to Canada alive...but eventually you'll walk into an Office building riddled with grenades on the floor, to which your step-dad will grab one and proceed to blow up the ENTIRETY OF YOUR GROUP!!!...Overall; 10/10 would get blown up by family again."
,Recommended,252610,26489253,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Raviioli,"Oh man this was so much better than I was prepared for. This is like River City Ransom 2016 style pixel graphics with a fun soundtrack. Run around small maps searching for loot in the form of food, gas, ammo, weapons, and other miscellaneous items. Find other survivors in need of rescue, or they may just wind up rescuing you...or killing you. Its simple to pick up and play and its entertaining in a way that the challenge or lack thereof depending on how things are going doesn't actually matter. Its a fun experience for sure!"
76561198122563656,Recommended,252610,26446770,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MajorAw3sume24,Oregon Trail with some hands on action in a zombie apocalypse with tons of funny moments and 2 player local co-op!Great game that i wish more people would buy. Developers are releasing updates all the time and who knows maybe it'll have multiplayer sometime.
76561198021098098,Recommended,252610,24699875,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AdrianGenerator,So good! Like 50+ hours good!
,Recommended,252610,26456575,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Demonmachine,You can make your friends and family then go on a whacky zombie and event filled road trip from Florida to Canada. Its like The Oregon Trial mixed with a Co-op beat 'em up. Awesome pixel graphics and great chiptune soundtrack.
76561198221537128,Recommended,252610,26528492,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Red Wing,"Death Road to Canada is an extremely fun and well made game. The idea of the game is assembling a party and getting to canada alive whether that be you and your friends or other characters such as Link, Rambo, Elvis, A magical anime girl, or even a dog. 10/10 money well spent."
,Recommended,252610,27825968,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Excalibur,"Combine old school Nintendo vibe and style with today's fascination about undead zombie invasions with a twist of snarky humor and you've got Death Road to Canada, eh? A blast playing this couch co-op style!It really is a flash back to the golden era of console gaming in the 1990s, but with a PC. :-)"
,Recommended,252610,27758736,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Akaritomi Gunchideka,"Trip #13~ gathered amazing weapons and guns with plenty of ammo.~ Found the count in a grave, seems cool~ Found ??? by the road and decided to invite him~ I (character based on me) disappeared (murdered) and ??? took my place~ friend 1 disappears = ??? gets happy~ friend 2 disappears = ??? gets very happy~ ??? and the count get ripped appart by an army of zombies10/10 would disappear again!Trip #29~ Gathered amazing gear and team of randoms who seem ok~ Watched a magical girl decimate zombies and decide to invite her~ Magical girl wrecks zombies while i gather more amazing gear (small army much?)~ We destroy an undead army seige with no trouble thnx to Magical-chan~ Magical-chan happy about victory she becomes more and more anime by the day~ Magical-chan becomes TOO anime and explodes from too much Magical energy killing herself and all of us instantly10/10 would ANIME again!"
76561198199808295,Recommended,252610,27759357,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BassManticore65,"Make choices, get supplies, gain party members, and die. Rinse and Repeat. Yet, I still love it."
,Recommended,252610,27713223,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rothdog,"-Rusty and Leonardo hit the road-On our first part of driving the two bicker like teenagers.-Raided a Mall and found enough food to feed a bus full of the elderly-Had to make detour due to a tree in the road-Met and recruited a chap named Craig-Had to hold out during a siege! Only for one hour, it'll be easy-During the siege Leonardo ran out on ammo, the zombies took him down, the horde quickly grows-Escaped but left Craig behind-Rusty, now alone, plows on-Run out of fuel, start walking-Rusty gets too depressed and wanders off10/10"
76561198012458634,Recommended,252610,26496177,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Skelet0nMan,I got someone who was good at engineering to fix my car.He did it in seconds without a hitch.We start the next level at a K-Mart.Car blows up and we all die immediately.10/10Also I beat the game as Link with a shotgunWith three dogs
76561198200028650,Recommended,252610,27719548,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gamrboi,"It's a really awesome game and the only problem is you can't access full screen. (even though I barely care) I'm totally nominating this game for the ""just 5 more minutes"" award."
76561198070007526,Recommended,252610,27731997,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hefty,"Zombies, dogs, and now even cats... it's good. I love it."
,Recommended,252610,27734260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sons of Tyranny,Phenomenal game. It is simple and easy to jump into with gameplay that is good for multiple playthroughs. You will definitely be doing multiple playthroughs as this is a somewhat difficult rougelike game. By far the best feature of the game is the ability to create custom characters that you can use and interact with on your journey. Makes tons of opportunities for funny stories and scenarios.
,Recommended,252610,27718707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Scruffy,very fun local co-op game to play with a friend
76561198101065601,Recommended,252610,27907952,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,candondor,spent around 30 hours just laughing a playing with friends i highly recommend it for a good timeas long as all of your friends have basic motor controls aka not walking into the zombie horde so you have to commit seppuku just to reset and let others play
,Recommended,252610,27902226,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,hyperscope,Perfect pick up and play style game.
76561198068889340,Recommended,252610,27895492,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Skrote MkNutly,This is the most stupidly annoying greatest game ever.
76561198019642558,Recommended,252610,27309119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,darkhand14,"Really fun. Gonna take a long time to beat it, but it will be a fun journey"
,Recommended,252610,27119447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bizerco,"May be the most random and crazy game I've played, the amount of random events that can happen are amazing and make the game incredibly fun but I wish it would go even further out there into the random"
76561198229007956,Recommended,252610,27164293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kernal Sanders,MY life in dr2cbrody and ryan start out and brody is the leader but they are both custom. Aparently i made brody bad so he died. ryan found recruit [octodad] and survived for a long time. they then found dysd. they survived for a long time until recruit died to zombies and dysd pooped his pants and ran away. ryan was left alone and died by getting cornered by zombies.10/10 would poop pants again
,Recommended,252610,25042190,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,pizzasoda,so i was driving along... then suddenly i had link on my team 10/10
,Recommended,252610,25932506,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,~x666xBL00D3MPER0Rx666x~,"A fantastic and challenging game where you have to tread through the (assumed) Southern United States in order to get to Canada, a safe haven during the Zombie apocalyps.Local Co-op is super fun and makes the game that much enjoyable"
76561198134188010,Recommended,252610,26185834,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Sness64,"This is a great, fun game that can be played with friends. The amount of fun I had when I invited my friend over, was huge. One part I liked is being able to make characters to look like your friends and family and putting them on your team(Reminds me of the escapist). Over all if you like beat em ups and the concept of the oregon trail games seem fun give it a try."
,Recommended,252610,30885204,Posted: 1 April,all,Booboofestu,Fun game to fill time and to mess around on. Ive barely played it at this point and im loving it
76561198006811318,Recommended,252610,26193153,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gotrek,"Failing is fun. This game is like a end of the world action Oregon Trail but to Canada. The best part of this game is risking spelunking somewhere and escaping with a bounty of items that you really needed. Nothing is ever the same and with a balance of intelligent survival decisions and zombie slaying skills. It's fun as hell finding a shotgun with your shooter and getting buckets of ammo as your buddy tanks for you. The skill system is paramount and works very well in a game like this. It's good, like in all RPGs', to have a balanced group. One should be a good car guy another a leading melee, another a medic guy. What is fun is customizing the players after your family/friends/idles for the game and then randomly stumble upon them to recruit.What I dont like about this game is that there seems to be way more failures and bad luck than the opposite. It seems that trying to balance supplies in food, gas, medical supplies never works. You either run out of gas too quick or run out of food too quick. Then when stopping for supplies you seem to always find ammo and little of everything else. Then ontop of that there are moral and vehicle levels. Bandits are the true enemy in this game. It seems like you can never detur them no matter what your skills. Admittingly the wits roll system is a mystery to me but mood and moral and other array of skills never seems to detur these bandits. You must suffer their wrath. I think the game takes a bit too much of the risk factor.The moral system is nice. Traveling with your pals into the wasteland and someone farts in the car, you blame someone and they get angry and then moral goes down. Soon someone gets kicked out of the group because of it. As I said, failing for the most part is fun. Its a good risk reward factor, many choices, skill adaptations, strengths and weaknesses and handicaps and advantages. A variety of weapons and goodies.Game example 1. Doing well, got a nice bounty of loot. Time passed too much and zombies increased in swarms, got overwhelmed. Died on day 7.  Game example 2. Was getting low on food, encountered a group of people fending off a bandit shootout.If we are successful we get 15 food. Choices: Help, build defences, ignore. I chose to help and party was wiped. (Even though my leader was skilled in shooting.) Game example 3. Junkyard swarmed with a group of people needing help. We lose 2 on the way to them. We find them and try to lead them back to the car. Died trying to detour for extra loot. Failing sucks but its also fun. Good old Rogue game throwback."
76561197995723154,Recommended,252610,26186717,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Deex,"An absolute blast! Great Sound track to go along with the good times.I really love the ""Familiar Faces"" mode where you can only meet people you know (have created in Custom Characters mode)10/10"
76561198073730560,Recommended,252610,27500061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sir Weedington,"Simple, but yet very fun and enjoyable game to play."
,Recommended,252610,30949275,Posted: 4 April,all,Superred,One of the best games I have ever played
76561198117224387,Recommended,252610,26182288,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,A Garbage Bag,"After traveling for 5 days with no incidents, my group found a mansion on the side of the road and invited themselves in, only for the owner to show up a few seconds later. I asked her to join my group, and she declined unless I would give him 10 of my food. I ignored his request, only for him to start panicking and ask us to let her join if she gave us food. We accepted, and she was a valuble member of the team, killing tens of zombies and being very productive in skill rolls. Then she stole our car and most of our supplies, leaving us to die (which we did). 10/10"
76561198067044546,Recommended,252610,30798516,Posted: 28 March,all,Pirtylo,Is fun if you put your mind into it.I mean making your real life friends into characters and watching them succeed or fail and die miserably is amazing.I love the fact that what happens is randomized everytime and the perks you have on your character really does matter.
,Recommended,252610,30819081,Posted: 29 March,all,HimoutoUmaru,"This game, although expensive, is definitely worth the price. If you like zombie games, or want some but aren't old enough, Death Road to Canada is a perfect game for you! With pixely graphics, blood and gore is still expressed however not as over the top. The way it runs is fantastic too, and the challenge makes it even more exciting.You can create your own characters, then find them and recruit them to your team in-game. They can have different abilities and weapons, so you can swap between them depending on what quest/mission you're on.The game itself, too, is really funny and so many different things can happen to alter the future of that session's gameplay, which is one key to having a good RPG game.5/5"
76561198040268987,Recommended,252610,30806253,Posted: 28 March,all,julie in furs,"Fun, chaotic run and fight game with a goofy zombie theme. Controls are good and tight, runs as smooth as butter, and always a new ridiculous situation every time you play. Also has local multiplayer. AS IN ON THE SAME COMPUTER!!!For fans of Binding of Isaac and other roguelikes."
,Recommended,252610,30759529,Posted: 26 March,all,Choke on Piss,I tried to shoot an injured moose with no gun.It chuckled and murdered my whole group.Dont mess with moose.
76561198097052503,Recommended,252610,30765700,Posted: 26 March,all,batman from suicide squad,"This game is fantastic.Although I've never made it to Canada, I feel I got my money's worth. What a lot of these reviews are neglecting to mention though is that this game is a fantastic story generator.It's almost impossible not to get attached to these characters you meet and give them backstories, interactions and lore in your head, it's also a great in-joke creator, due to it's very fun (although problamatic) couch co-op mode.This game is absolutely worth the purchase, and there are nearly constant updates that almost always ad new content(if you weren't already convinced).It's definetely my 2016 Game of the year and I absolutely reccomend it!"
76561198254241603,Recommended,252610,31335195,Posted: 24 April,all,Supernic64,Great game. But sometimes luck is not on your side.
,Recommended,252610,31210302,Posted: 17 April,all,Arty,Rambo sacraficed his life so a dog could make it across the bridge to the Canadian border. 10/10
76561198100222345,Recommended,252610,24838269,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Masamune,Fun. Waiting for online multiplayer though.
,Recommended,252610,31249398,Posted: 19 April,all,Xolta11,A fun little  rogue like game. Easy  to get lost into and  just one run becomes  hours and hours sunk.
76561198056085546,Recommended,252610,31257719,Posted: 20 April,all,King Helmkraft,"I like this game a lot if only on the premise of the randomness of each and every playthrough and the difficulty of the game. Every time is a little bit different. I've played dozens of times already and have not made it to Canada once. I honestly think the only way to do that is to be blessed with lots of preperation and luck. But the Random Event Generator will make damn sure it will be close to impossible for your plans to go smoothly & will curse you with as much bad luck as possible.Regardless, what do you expect in the zombie apocalypse? Few if any get out alive.  Grade: 7.5/10PROS:-No two games are alike (++replay value)-A whole slew of weapons-Leveling and stats-Make your own character(s)-Old school graphics-Great soundtrackCONS:-Will make you furious and beside yourself with frustration on being unable to get to Canada"
76561198293690960,Recommended,252610,31247340,Posted: 19 April,all,MustachePancake,For players who enjoy using strategy and engaging in both close and ranged combat. A pixelated zombie adventure that is both funny and challenging.#highly recommended4 stars(I swear I couldn't beat this game if I had Chuck Norris by my side XD)
,Recommended,252610,31261942,Posted: 20 April,all,ejf328,Great local Co-op. Hours of fun!
76561198164613014,Recommended,252610,31347642,Posted: 24 April,all,Dilophosaurus,"Just an example of what can happen in a normal play session:Pawel leaves his home in  Florida alone to find salvation in Canada, being a mechanic, he belives he will  get there himself and fix the car whenever he needs it. Along the death road he visit traders and eventually meets up with Kirbogon, a office man who has lots of strength, but is very out of shape. Pawel recruits him and they find a clown on the side of the road, they let her in. They scavenge and rescue a woman trapped in a factory. She repays them with training.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets bad later on and the car runs out of gas, the group fights of bandits and take heavy blows to their vitality and morale, when they find a new car, clown plays a music box, Kirbogon is about to tell her to knck it off when he notices she is gone, and amassive clown zombie hoarde outside, Clown left because her morale got too  low, and left her traveling compaions with a nice gift, PAWEL AND KIRBOGON ARE TRAPPED IN A CIRCUS WITH ZOMBIES POURING OUT OF ITS WALLS. By some miracle they survive, and have to take a clown car.They meet up with a random nerd with high wits, he leaves pretty soon. And the group finds Daryl Hall in a house, but leaves him behind as their food was low. Later on,  Pawell finds a magic toilet genie who makes his skin gray, making him have more health. They leave the clown car behind at the next trading camp due to the fact it chassis is VERY LOW. At the trading camp they buy training, and see John Oates, they leave him and continue on their journey until they find a good car and meet Nostalgia Critic on the road, and later, at the last trading camp, they replace his head witha  pugs and recruit a woman Jennife, who lost her group at the border as they were eaten in front of her.The group runs in a massive circle in the City of Crushed Hopes, and bolt it to canada, they make it to the border, while Pawel uses the last of his ammo to kill the massive horde appraching the border, A massive robo-mountie slams down to Earth and saves everyone, Pawel and his group make it to Canada in 9 driving days, and become citiznes of the last nation on Earth.All those Zombies were hosers anyway...Very adictive, very fun game. Pick this one up."
76561198265348884,Recommended,252610,32718955,Posted: 24 June,all,big moist,could not make it to canada.
76561198311663524,Recommended,252610,32733155,Posted: 24 June,all,TheLittleThomas,This game is AMAZING it is perfectly replyable so not only can you replay this game but you problaby will since it is very diffucult but is still lots of fun the only complaint i have with the game is its multiplayer but i still highly reccomend this game
76561198072950665,Recommended,252610,32778417,Posted: 25 June,all,TheGuvNuh,"A fantastic Oregon Trail style survival and Exploration game. I was extremely suprised by how fun this was, 20 hours in to this little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i still havent managed to beat it yet.  While Local Co-Op only is a little frustrating, it is super enjoyable. I definitely recommend this game as a good time waster."
,Recommended,252610,32712784,Posted: 23 June,all,Shmoo,Awesome game i actually played it on a flight to canada today
76561198121456835,Recommended,252610,32744257,Posted: 24 June,all,RIP Wall,Ruck OP
76561198093532792,Recommended,252610,32726924,Posted: 24 June,all,Lazylizard5780,"This game is fun! You get to design your own character(s) And there is a TON of spaces for characters. The violence, I don't really like seeing organs fly out, but this violence I can handle, even though you can step on them, I can't help but laugh at it xDI haven't won once (So far) but I already have 17 hours in the game and I really like it! My favorite rare characters are the Thor-Esque woman (Forget how to spell her name) And the clown cause they are both very helpful! This is my new favorite game!"
76561197993532873,Recommended,252610,32743526,Posted: 24 June,all,xALLWORLDx,"I am loving this game so far. Many various traits and characters. Definitely recommend, it's on the Summer Steam sale no excuse not to get."
76561198133294665,Recommended,252610,32748331,Posted: 24 June,all,Corder4,It's challenging for sure. But I have a lot of fun regardless.
,Recommended,252610,32730864,Posted: 24 June,all,Bunta Fujiwara,"This game is more fun that it has any right to be.Also, if you are a modder or a roleplayer, than you will be very glad to know these things.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=833753074http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=749219319Modding game files is surprisingly easy."
,Recommended,252610,32746363,Posted: 24 June,all,Lime_Soda,A zombie beat-em-up with emphasis on tight melee combat and rogue randomness. The random gen features are very well orchestrated and the devs really care about balance and the overall lasting longevity of the game's novelty. A fantastic couch-coop game to play with friends. Reminds me of good times with l4d or blackops zombies. Also bonus points for the fun character customization <3
76561198040227755,Recommended,252610,32903281,Posted: 27 June,all,aemora,fun game
76561198027973224,Recommended,252610,32887309,Posted: 27 June,all,hokunfei,Fun 8/16bit top down action zombie basher with great humor!
76561198280404348,Recommended,252610,26549136,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,garhu5,10/10 would leave best friend to die again.
76561198105198996,Recommended,252610,26546895,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Necromancer Extraordinaire,Could you add online multiplayer please B0ss
,Recommended,252610,26547901,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,⛧AirStrikerAlex⛧™,Death Road to Canada is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time.I recommend very heavily
,Recommended,252610,26738070,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dissectionator,If you find T*L*B(tm) than you win
76561197970545186,Recommended,252610,27074546,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MikeR,Astonishingly fun game.
76561198051700550,Recommended,252610,30985158,Posted: 6 April,all,92.denchang,"Some games are like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get. And this is one of those games.What I'm getting at is that this game is replayable. To a frankly absurd degree. The writing and events put into the game show a creative team that really is just having fun with the absurdity that they induce.Adding facsimiles of people in custom characters is great as well. The engine for this is limited, but it is functional.To be fair though, it is a fairly straightforward game though. A simple one, at least. But from an Indie game, I think that's a fair expectation."
76561198037792793,Recommended,252610,28612711,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"I LOVE this game! You should know going in that, much like it's obvious inspiration Oregon Trail, the game is heavy on the RNG, and a perfectly good run can fall apart out of nowhere. But similarly, a disastrous run can sometimes recover in miraculous ways. Of course, I'm biased towards any game that lets me make so many characters and have them show up in your game.It's a positive and goofy spin on the zombie genre, which is far too often full of dark, depressing, and heavy-handed games."
76561198128976239,Recommended,252610,29096440,Posted: 7 January,all,3.141thon,Holy moly this game is hard!
76561198280650956,Recommended,252610,29085094,Posted: 7 January,all,bzyboys4,I got this game today and have played til 5 in the morning death road to canada is one of the most fun games I've ever played and certainly one of the best games of 2016 I hope more people buy this game and that it becomes a gaming classic
76561198095546170,Recommended,252610,29054600,Posted: 6 January,all,A hell of a heathenous fox,My entire family died horribly being eaten by zombies.10/10 would live out fantasy again!
,Recommended,252610,31247620,Posted: 19 April,all,Mark From I.T,It's Basically Oregon Trail Directors Cut But With A Character Creator And It's More Fun. I have play 40 Hours Of This Game And Still Haven't Gotten To Canada. I haven't had so much fun with a game since Left 4 Dead 2. It is really fun and has many outcomes and expect to die a lot.100/10 IGN
76561198314200450,Recommended,252610,31330402,Posted: 23 April,all,kamikazi vampire,great game.
76561198124415524,Recommended,252610,30306077,Posted: 3 March,all,Velocirapetor,Very fun and time consuming. It can take many tries before you even beat the game on the first three modes.
76561198080407000,Recommended,252610,30345454,Posted: 5 March,all,chizmacaroni,"Good game. Play with a controller, cleavers are your best friend, and don't be afraid to solo packed supermarkets."
76561198048698408,Recommended,252610,30359134,Posted: 6 March,all,Rigdig,"If the idea of Oregon Trail mixed with a dungeon crawler sounds interesting to you, don't hesitate to get this game. It's the perfect balance of luck and skill to make you want to keep playing over and over until you get the perfect run. The only complaint I have is subpar multiplayer (and lack of online play) but it still manages to be an amazing game regardless."
,Recommended,252610,28819480,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Walter P. Cumberdale,Cat Lady is the bestshes all you need10/10
,Recommended,252610,31381699,Posted: 26 April,all,MightOfaMillionMen,Fun game. Very good replayability.
76561198129480450,Recommended,252610,31382604,Posted: 26 April,all,yeetlegeet3eet,"Death Road to Canada is a delightful game. It has a simple, top-down perspective in combat, and the overall flow of the game is not especially complicated (fight for resources, story events, siege, repeat). But, this is a well-crafted game. Even at lower difficulties, it is a rough 'n' tumble game with its beat 'em up elements, and more than often things can go downhill very fast. The humor and eccentricity is a welcome change up from the hordes of serious zombie games, and overall this is a great game to pick up and play casually when you have even 30 minutes at a time."
,Recommended,252610,31384295,Posted: 26 April,all,Veritas,"Great Game, I wish it had (Mouse Controls) and (Online Multiplayer).I know these things will be added soon, but For now that has to wait."
,Recommended,252610,31387876,Posted: 26 April,all,dasw0nderkid,I really enjoy Death Road to Canada.It always has new wrinkles and new characters and it has enough scenarios to get the game fresh and fun.It's a definite recommend.
76561198059414190,Recommended,252610,31376835,Posted: 26 April,all,devin.francey,Tons of Fun. Make your friends in pixel form and survive a zombie apocalypse.
76561198127120555,Recommended,252610,31385153,Posted: 26 April,all,hypershadic98,Its a great idea of Orgeon Trail with the zombie apocalypse theme. Lots of replayability and fun for people that like the survival theme games.
76561198128743540,Recommended,252610,33297625,Posted: 5 July,all,Hory Shet,"This game is one of the most fun zombie games I've ever played! I love the hat tips to characters, movies, and other forms of literature. The game is customizable, and easy to play but is extremely addictive. I died at least 14 times before I finally made it to the end with a Chainsaw in my hand, Wizard who shot lightning, and a Body Builder with her punches! I had a MASSIVE super cheesed horde that was sooooo overwhelming right on the border of Canada. I can't spoil the ending, but stock up on the best weapons possible. Also at one time drove though a portal by accident and the world was a mirror world. And another time the Devil appeared the back seat of my car and had the munchies after losing a fiddle battle in Georgia. And another attempt, Thor was pleased with my zombie killing skills and sent a Valkyrie wsith His hammer as her weapon, which would fly around and hit zombies in the head whenever she desired. I sacrificed my blood to Dracula in a haunted house, and was bonded with a pitchfork that was awesome, and I got his cape. This game is worth the money hands down! I loved it so much I bought friends this game and they love it. Thank You Devs for making such an awesome game!!!  Recommend  Recommend  Recommend"
,Recommended,252610,33299791,Posted: 5 July,all,Allytootsieroll,"It is a very strategic game, so you have to really plan and think ahead! It's really hard to get to Canada, even I haven't reached it yet tho I'm already here. You can choose your CHARACTERS! CUSTOMIZE THEM ALL YOU WANT! I just noticed whenever I play I always have my characters die. Which is very sad. I'll keep on playing since it's a very fun game and I'm sure I'll get the hang of it pretty soon."
,Recommended,252610,33296867,Posted: 5 July,all,El Lozerath,"This is just a fantastic game all round, the pixel art is perfect, the soundtrack and audio design are exquisite and the random generated gameplay makes it fun to try again and again and again. And you will. 9 hours in and still haven't made it to Canada, but I'm getting closer!If you're unure whether to buy, just do it, it's so worth the money."
76561198355311201,Recommended,252610,33471852,Posted: 11 July,all,GoldenHawkX,"Welcome to the apocalypse. America has crumbled, and so has the rest of the world, except for one place... Canada! So naturally, it's time to move your butt to Canada, ya dingus! So pack your bags, and grab your bestest buddy, it's time for a trip to Canada!"
,Recommended,252610,33476443,Posted: 12 July,all,Ho Chi Sock,Doggo OP
76561198299024215,Recommended,252610,33408012,Posted: 9 July,all,MrDylanSim,"Bought game, thought it was going to be boring. Started playing, gave some demon my food then he turned me into a red thing because I didn't want to be his side dish, had a good friend who was a dog wearing a suit then went insane and ran away, found an alien and saved myself from a horde, found Lonk who died from stepping his toe. The I found a alter where some random guy touched it and died but got some lit loot. Saved some guy with an airhorn that was something that someone can hear from afar with ear phones on. Saved a bunch of Power Rangers, went into a bathroom where a bunch of Sp00ky skeletons were, I recruited them, they ended up dancing to make me feel better. Found a anime shop, bought its katanas with my food. Otaku Blade broke after 4 hits, met an anime fangirl whose face melted and exploded. Car broke dow, walked and got mugged. ""another friend dies from stebbing toe. I tell a witch to ""COOL IT"" she later turns me into a skeleton. Then I found a portal that flipped my name, changed my gender and hair color and hair style. Met a bunch of Muscle Men and Dogs who I challenged to a pose off and died. Then I turned off the game, went to bed, cried alot. Woke up, played again.  1/-10, if you don't have this game, you don't have a chance if a zombie apocalypse happened."
76561198125318923,Recommended,252610,26959832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bloodthirsty,"This game is like the Oregon trail, except with more exploration and zombies"
,Recommended,252610,33435443,Posted: 10 July,all,Gordon Freeman,"This may be the hardest game ever, but it is so fun to play over and over because of its fun value's non-repetitiveness.It is so fun and easy to play. As a matter of fact, This is one of my most favorite games. The best thing is that you do not need a lot of space to play the game; you only need about 70 megabytes.99999/10 - Cole Schmidt"
,Recommended,252610,33524360,Posted: 13 July,all,Lord Quackers,"Such a awesome game, firsttime to canada i recruited rambeaux just before the final 2 sieges and nearly died so many times, finally he sacriced his life to save mine! a True hero! 9/10 would Rambeaux again"
76561198140614193,Recommended,252610,30068384,Posted: 20 February,all,Dizzery304,rouge like zombie game is just one of my favorites+make your own characters with special traits+recruit talking dogs that can drive and shoot guns+cool it+special characters from movies or games+diffrent gamemodes+drive bandits away by yelling at them+have your team destroyed by everything+drive an alien car+special day events (uncle sam on 4th of july and ect)+death by milking a goat-long runs going from 30mins to 3+ hours-not 4 player-no online play-you must finish looting or survive a siege before taking a break from the game10/10 not enough carl screaming
,Recommended,252610,32332844,Posted: 10 June,all,ThatDudeInTheCorner,"There is many things I can say about this game, but I'll keep it simple-Hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥if you aren't good (It's kinda a git gud type of game)-All accomplishments feel so grand like ""YEAH, I DID THAT, TAKE THAT ZAMBONIES""-Toilet paper is an endangered species and is awesome-You can get the coolest stuf like a claymore, at a very expensive cost of yer food rations-Uhh, it's funny and also traits and perks that can really help in the events, like paranoia in the trapped town-Dogs, that's right, there are dogs, that should really convince you.(Also the dogs can learn to talk and drive and shoot guns and just about anything awesome)And that's about it, make some friends in the game, and when ya find em, you'll probably die."
76561198370029401,Recommended,252610,32371392,Posted: 12 June,all,Guava_T-Rex,"I highly recommend this game. I bought it at full price ($15) and it was so worth it. This game has a ton of content that at 102 hours I still haven't tapped into. It's mostly rare characters and achievements. You get them just by playing, so I just need to put some more hours into it. I've seen ratings of people who say the games terrible because they haven't beat the game. This game is Randomly generated and anything can happen. I haven't made it to Canada yet but I usually get to the final siege, right before the end. I've had some runs where I get tons of food and not many good weapons, or I'll get runs with amazing weapons, tons of medical, and very little food. Control wise, they're simple, and that's what's nice about them. The graphics are very nice. The game also downloads very quickly. When I was about to download it I was ready for a long 2 or so hours, it took like 30 seconds. I closed steam and opened Chrome, and it was already installed. It was amazing.There are a lot of random encounters and things that happen. This game has a lot of replayability. Random encounters, rare characters, and achievements.  This game was worth paying full price. All you have to do is play it to unlock things. There are no in-game purchases, all the updates have been free, open betas, and there's going to be a huge update coming soon. This game doesn't have a rating like E for everyone. I would rate this E10+.This game is: 20/10 on replayability. 10/10 on pricing. 50/10 on fun. And this game is practically perfect in every way.  I would 100% recommend this game to everyone. And the developers are very active in their community."
76561198320353715,Recommended,252610,32282381,Posted: 8 June,all,PublishedClover,This game is fun and INCREDIBLY funny. It's like if the Oregon Trail game had zombies and pugs with guns!!!!
76561198177112771,Recommended,252610,32394879,Posted: 13 June,all,sAdRoBoT,This game is great. I have died day 3 and its great. The best is character creation. Making my friends in the game and the act in game the same as they would in real life really makes me laugh. I have alot of fun playing. I think the co-op may need a little work. going through doors shouldn't be that difficult. all in all 9/10
,Recommended,252610,32420196,Posted: 14 June,all,Speed Weed VEVO skinhub.com,"A delightfully wonderful game taking inspiration from such classics as the Oregan Trail. Despite only having a few tracks the music never seems grading. The graphics are servicable most casual gamers will probably not find them charming and the gameplay is rather intriguing. Although, areas are rather formulaic and get a bit bland after seeing the design over and over again. Also there is no online multiplayer, only local. However, if you are looking for a challenging game packed with easter eggs and some replayability this game is for you.Objective Scale: 7.3/10Personal Scale: 8.6/10"
76561198358890533,Recommended,252610,31941733,Posted: 24 May,all,triesmcc,"This game very fun and hard, which are qualities that I like. And the random maps and characters add alot of replayability. I highly reccomend Death Road to Canada for any gamer."
76561198079712158,Recommended,252610,28196802,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CapnAwesome05,>Looks around for loot>Finds bathroom with unopened toilets>Opens toilet>Finds a fart>Seals fart in non-existant jar>Stops looting>Goes back to car while killing afew zombies>Drives off>Gets out of the car while being 37.2 Miles awayfrom nearest zombie>Goes to fuel tank>Releases fart into it's new home: Toilet --> Jar --> Fuel Tank>Fart gets used as GAS (Rimshot)>555/5 (5 is my fav number) would use fart a fuel again
76561198113391969,Recommended,252610,31913860,Posted: 23 May,all,Smiling_Crocodile,"I love this game, some much in fact, im actually moving to Canada to avoid the infection.Dogs are the best characters!"
76561198044810462,Recommended,252610,31948635,Posted: 25 May,all,burningACE,"Awesome game! I dont buy to many games here on steam for full price, since this is steam I normally just wait for it to go on sale and then pick it up, but this was an exception I had to make and im not disappointed with my decision to do so. If your into challenging, but fun rouge like games this game is perfect for you, plus its funny!"
76561198109203989,Recommended,252610,32051688,Posted: 29 May,all,pixelvvx,"Love, love, love this game. Rare characters and different game modes add lots of replay value."
,Recommended,252610,30028935,Posted: 19 February,all,shoob,10/10 would kill zombies all day
,Recommended,252610,29950244,Posted: 15 February,all,Prtl,"Pretty good if you are bored , and only takes up 80 MB like whaaaaaaaaaaa..."
76561198036842942,Recommended,252610,30014266,Posted: 18 February,all,MightyPootisFish,"Totally recommending this game, just to get that out of the way!I'm a sucker for good survivaly scavengy games, sadly there aren't many that are competent at any of the elements they promote. Thankfully this game is very simple, not only in graphics but also in gameplay! Most of the gameplay you have is looting buildings while fending off zombies which is pretty well done. Zombies are slow but come in bulks, they aren't dangerous on their own but can corner you really easily, so don't let that happen! Once you're cornered by all the zombies you haven't killed upon your entry you shall see the errors of your ways, as rushing through a crowd of zombies is not impossible but very unlikely to survive if the horde is packed tightly enough.The humor of this game is something you should experience for yourself, as there is plenty to be found!Now, the one glaring issue this game has though, in my opinion, is 1 particular map that can come up in a ""Siege"" event... A single, narrow street with 3 dead ends. To make it clear, a siege means that a horde of zombies will continously pour in from the edges of the map, you can't kill all of those zombies and have to put up a good mix of kiting them and dispatching of the ones that block your way. That is nearly impossible on that 1 particular map, as your kiting potential is next to none when all you can do is go left or right (or get stuck in a dead end!) I find that map unfair and wish you all best luck on never getting it! ;)"
76561198127899002,Recommended,252610,30014332,Posted: 18 February,all,Cat_intheCasket,This game is so damn challenging and fun! Thank you for this gem!
,Recommended,252610,30014587,Posted: 18 February,all,Rexy,"Everyone in part died except for a random recruit named SophiaAs the last member alive, she determined that someone wasn't pulling their weight and demanded they get voted out of the party, only option was to vote herself out. WIth no-one left in the party, game-over. Dang it!10/10"
,Recommended,252610,30012735,Posted: 18 February,all,johnnyskull619,"This game is a run and gun 8 bit style zombie survival game with campy overtones. Did I die a bunch? Yes. But did I have fun while doing it? Oh yeah!Pros: -Fun team up aspects with NPCS.-goofy aspects included like a toilet genie and some pop culture references-easy to play, fun for all agesCons:- multiplayer hard to access, hard to invite people to play on steam.8/10. I'm glad I bought this game."
,Recommended,252610,29840534,Posted: 10 February,all,«~Spönġÿ~»,My mom (who is majorly religious) was trying the game for the first time and she got possesed by satan... 10/10 IGN.
76561198326025610,Recommended,252610,29995227,Posted: 17 February,all,Babybear,This has gotta be the best game of the year!
,Recommended,252610,29913518,Posted: 13 February,all,Zoruad,Made it to Canada with a goat and a doggo10/10 would have goat steal from merchants again
,Recommended,252610,29888218,Posted: 12 February,all,fishman2520,"you kidding me? I met a merchant selling animeand I spent 5 food for that anime, damnnn"
,Recommended,252610,29638936,Posted: 1 February,all,Meepsworth,"Finally made it to Canada today, with my friend who was with me from the beginning. We left one of our other friends for Rambo who died in the final siege, as well as our OTHER other friend who I promptly took an Uzi off of and that baby took us to Canada.10/10 would steal an Uzi off my dead friend again."
,Recommended,252610,29232947,Posted: 13 January,all,sunfizz98,"Many times, I played this game and kept dying in the most comical fashion to the point where I thought that getting to Canada was just a thing of fairy tales to tell your soon to be dead family. Then just today, I arrived at Canada for the first time and it was GLORIOUS. Canada is REAL.Satan ate my primary crew members soul and bestowed my remaining paranaoid dude with superpowers. Recruited an awesome pomeranian dog that can talk. Gave a crap ton of food to recruit Rambo and he was the best person to have ever joined the team. Roller derby girl was soon recruited a few days later.After abandoning so many cars and robbing every campsite, I finally got to the final reach with the Dumb and Dumber dog mobile! Sure, roller derby girl died in the final siege but she will not be forgotten for her mad skills with that giant wooden log. Rambo and company made a beeline towards the Canadian border with guns a blazing and hammers a whacking. We got to the Canadian gaurds but they wouldn't let us through. DUDE!!! Our VISAs are up to date! Let through!!! I thought we were doomed. Then out of nowhere, a Canadian Magazord came out of nowhere and saved the day!Would go to Canada again."
,Recommended,252610,29685479,Posted: 3 February,all,Papa John's Pizza,"I just finished the game for the first time, and I have got to say that it is absolutely amazing. Never in my entire life have I ever seen such an accurate representation of my home country, Canada. I can tell that I will be playing this game an awful lot for a long time. I really never thought that a game where you die so often could be so much fun, learning from your mistakes and making new characters to test out new things could keep me entertained for hours. This game is a masterpiece, and it should be treated as such."
76561197993371078,Recommended,252610,29955160,Posted: 15 February,all,Waffles the Fox,explodeget eatenrun out of gascrazy cat lady's cats ate all my food!beaten by banditsNeed to try again!
76561198335549694,Recommended,252610,29913860,Posted: 13 February,all,Daddy,this game is rly cool
76561197989274778,Recommended,252610,29741564,Posted: 6 February,all,joeyfine,Love this game. I haven't made it to Canada yet (i've died alot) but the game play is fun and the story is great.
76561198313844396,Recommended,252610,29660255,Posted: 2 February,all,alphonseinabox,"Thrilling, funny, and highly enjoyable. Death Road to Canada is one of my favorite games to play casually now."
,Recommended,252610,29837172,Posted: 10 February,all,Molio,"Hilarious, hard, and fun game. That is all."
76561198336141477,Recommended,252610,29859720,Posted: 11 February,all,The Dink,"I F###ING LOVE THIS GAME. The soundtrack is awesome, the game's difficulty keeps you on the edge, and it has fabulous pixel art that can please anyone! Its so absurd that its hard not to love it! Driving dogs and cool it will forever be in my heart. I'd give it a solid 10/10. The only thing that I would like to be added in the game would be online multiplayer. I know it would be difficult to program but I'm sure it would make the experience more enjoyable!Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,252610,29820652,Posted: 10 February,all,Mr.Carl Karlson,A game where a ghost farts in your car is an amazing game
,Recommended,252610,32897997,Posted: 27 June,all,Lalrr,"Great game. Recommend it to anyone that likes Oregon Trail, zombies, and canned humor."
76561198038760817,Recommended,252610,32503573,Posted: 17 June,all,whitmania,"Funnest game I have played in a long time.  Seriously hard, but you can get the hang of it.  I can win every 3rd or 4th run-through now. ha."
,Recommended,252610,32565123,Posted: 19 June,all,Mr. Whave,"This is one amazing game. It's got a soul, a very unique one! The setting and the music is just charmingly silly, the mechanics are great and unforgiving, it's at least partially scratching that itch I have since finishing most achievments for FTL. I'm in love with this one."
76561198135146194,Recommended,252610,32059643,Posted: 30 May,all,Black Hat,"This game, oh boy this game...Death Road to Canada is a Rogue Like, kinda Beat Em Up and Resouce Management. You're a survivor in a outbreak, who makes a idea to travel to Canada where it is safe!Gameplay is simple, in the car, the game is  automatic during this time, only thing you do is make choices, which is something that can affect the lives of yours and the other survivors. Like resouces, weapons, saving someone from death, killing someone, giving the devil a pizza flavoved snack and more!Some point you'll see a choice to where to go, these are the locations where you and your buddies go slay zombies and collect items, make sure to do these. Entering the area changes the game into a Beat Em Up, you explore the area, beat up zombies, find items and make choices with certain things. People can get bit by the zombies, they have normaly have three health, but some perks and events can change this. When someone dies, they died the whole game. So be careful. anytime you want you can use the car to drive off! Make sure to find as many items as posible.Lets get into character making, you can change the gender, hair style, skin tone, cloths, name etc. But the main thing is perks and traits. Perks give bonuses while traits change how the character works. I won't spoil it!So here is my bad review on Death Road to Canada, hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,252610,32952442,Posted: 28 June,all,MagickalHack,"I first caught a glimpse of this game on Gaming with the Cooler. It looked amusing, a game that I could pick up and put down on a whim. A dash of Campy added to very simple and logical gameplay.This game is that and so much more. Once you start playing you are compelled to see what is going to happen next. Am I going to die when I enter the next room? How long will I last if I can't find a weapon? And [most emportantly IMO] Should I give a ride to ???/Mason?"
76561198010800416,Recommended,252610,32960981,Posted: 28 June,all,:TF: AC/DC Freak,Endless replayability. With great customization and unlocks. If you are a fan or Oregon Trail and Isaac i highly reccomend this game. Its a blast!
76561198042562463,Recommended,252610,32961392,Posted: 28 June,all,Oodoacer,"Everything great about FTL plus a more enjoyable combat system, fantastic music and better character interaction."
,Recommended,252610,32954002,Posted: 28 June,all,heisengeorge,"-made my friends and family character in the game-team is approached by bandits 6 days out before Canada-my friend's character threatens that if we aren't let go, he'll burn the bandit's bridge down-bandits cave into fear and let us go-my friend still burns their bridge down10/10"
76561198045915246,Recommended,252610,32954183,Posted: 28 June,all,intilujan,"You can have an Anime Girl,a dog and a Cat Lady for partners,what more could you ask for?"
76561198086611133,Recommended,252610,32960007,Posted: 28 June,all,Tony Big Balls,"Was about to beat it finally, but accidentally threw a grenade and killed my entire team. 10/10"
,Recommended,252610,29107150,Posted: 7 January,all,Ry,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING, I never review but ♥♥♥♥ this is a gem. If they add multiplayer online I might just die of binge gaming!!"
76561198073325509,Recommended,252610,29106267,Posted: 7 January,all,HumdrumKnickers,"Great hack and slash roguelike.  Difficult and rewarding gameplay.  Hopefully, the multiplayer will expanded in future updates to include online play"
,Recommended,252610,29125589,Posted: 8 January,all,dyinglow,favorite game 10/10
,Recommended,252610,29102868,Posted: 7 January,all,Orios,Day 1: Goes to super marketfinds a shotgun and pistol-le time skip of nothing special2 days till canada!some jason looking♥♥♥♥♥guy climbs into my car without askingshrugs it off and one by one he kills all my guys10/10 would die by offbrand jason again
76561198144361577,Recommended,252610,30987526,Posted: 6 April,all,asshatcat,I really enjoy this game and can't wait for more and more content. I highly recommend it to players who love co-op and referencial humor.
,Recommended,252610,29017512,Posted: 4 January,all,HerpyDerpyFox,10/10 solid game to play.Gameplay is nice and well designed.Character creation is fun to make your friends and family onText events and overall game is incredibly funny
76561198125811268,Recommended,252610,28889918,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dumb fagg,this game is insanly awesome and fun with friends. I love the replay value and the comedy in the apoc. I keep coming back to it its to good
76561198061768956,Recommended,252610,27890046,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cat Plant,"The game is random but thats why i enjoy it so much.it can also be said that this game metaphor of life, or something like that."
,Recommended,252610,27895114,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Banana Man,"Made a bald biker looking guy named Chin-Chin, and later on found an anime girl on the road. Good game. Although it was originally a Filthy Frank reference, the biker guy's name now works on multiple levels."
,Recommended,252610,27911440,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ShatteredUniverse,"It's like if you took The Oregon Trail, zombies, and an old-school beat'm'up and threw it all together. It's glorious, but I will warn you, be prepared to die. Like, a lot. This game is pretty difficult and can be brutally unforgiving if you make a wrong decision.Have fun, and happy trails!"
,Recommended,252610,30932368,Posted: 3 April,all,Magic3177,"Highly realistic. I too, wander off in despair when there is no food."
76561197997863292,Recommended,252610,27908952,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WooHooII,"I felt that I should nominate this game for something, but didn't know what to pick. ""Most Canadian"" is a reasonable award category, right?"
76561198089007260,Recommended,252610,27899136,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,downwindcrane85,is gud
76561198168670000,Recommended,252610,27899175,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pismorizzo,Pro tip if you see Garfield LEAVE HIM ALONE
,Recommended,252610,30065540,Posted: 20 February,all,advc,When you fail to get to Canada because you flex into non-existence.10/10 Would flex again
76561198028063495,Recommended,252610,30067877,Posted: 20 February,all,Aeolys,Satisfingly difficult. A Origon Trail game where you manage your resources with zombie bashing top-down exploration. A rougelike where you will most likely die in a seige on day 10. Tons of replayablity. I have yet to finish a game.
76561198323493741,Recommended,252610,29555533,Posted: 28 January,all,SpookyMulder227,Imagine the oregon trail.....but zombies and co-op
76561197975253042,Recommended,252610,29554786,Posted: 28 January,all,Squirrel,Played for 6 hrs straight with a friend.  Just when you think you've seen every zombie game there's this.  Part Oregon Trail and part 8 bit left for dead.  Really fun the way it alternates between text/decisions and the top down action.  One of those games where it doesn't grab you the first 15 minutes but an hr later you're hooked.
,Recommended,252610,29495384,Posted: 25 January,all,Kenji,"- Booted up game- Bashed some zombies with a wrench that I originally thought was some kind of limb-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off some guy because I told him to COOL IT!- Started journey with low morale- Ran out of food- Died because i spent too much time in a hotel- Booted up 2nd game- Playing as the nice old man down the street with a fabulous Hispanic thief stuck in the 70s as my buddy- Thief fell into a gas tank and died- Was happy because there were less mouths to feed- Questioned my rapidly dimming sense of morality- Drove through a trading post but didn't have enough food for anything- Some old guy gave me ammo because I had no food- Questioned old guy's sanity- Ventured cautiously into apartment labeled ""HELP!""- Bad Idea- Rage Quit- Refunds game- Re-buys game because I realize I want another go at it and I can't stop thinking about it"
,Recommended,252610,28836217,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Qwoppy,"This is a game I highly recommend for those that like Oregan Trail type games. You start in Florida, a state in the United States very far down south. You and a buddy will travel to Canada to escape the zombies. The game is all about trust. If you feel that someone will screw you over, do something about it. The game gets more fun, though, when played in familier characters mode. The characters you create come to join you on your adventure! Sure, you can only have a max party of 4, but plenty of deaths may happen by stupid desition making. If the game is a bit too easy, after beating the normal campagin, new, harder modes are added in, the best probably being the harder familier characters mode. But with a real life friend by your side, you can make it a bit easier (or harder) in co-op mode. As long as 2 people are on the field fighting, a buddy can join in to help you in your fight against the zombie hoard! I recomend you try this one out, or look it up. A good 2 player short playthrough to watch is on the PBGGameplay account on YouTube. Its where I first got into the game.EDIT: Looking through the negative reviews for tis game, I only needed to sit down for 5 minutes to see why some hate the game. Its all RNG. To that I say, that is what an Oregon Trail like game is supposed to be. In a zombie outbreak, those odds will be stacked against you. The only problems I find is that the AI sucks so bad you are better off playing Co-op. Something else thats bad, and it may be because I'm in the beta program, but there are a few glitches due to failing to load something. But despite its flaws, Death Road To Canada is one of the best games I've played on pc so far."
76561198140477558,Recommended,252610,29481857,Posted: 25 January,all,Arrow0204,"Bought this game at 3:00, customized my character til 4:00. Game play is great too. 10/10 best game ever"
,Recommended,252610,29474416,Posted: 24 January,all,Ol Dirty Bastard,"Having played this most of the day and getting so very close (end swarm) i feel like i have a grip of the game.DR2C is like organ trail, but its better to keep people around and has more skill involvedThe game has a great feel with a lot of customizing and freedom but i did find after finding your first survivor a siege happens which for me usually killed the survivor.Heres some pros and consPros:-Dogs act in this game just in real life-makes you make tough choices-put in friends and celebrities-good game play-spoopy jumpscare when exiting game-never feel stacked item wise.-so much moreCons:-sieges are way to challenging especially late game when you have about nothing-not able to fix car if mechanic is 3rd or 4th in party-random streaks that ruin runsVerdict:Had a lot of fun in this game and ill bash my head on the wall until i see a little crack and finally beat it8.5/10"
,Recommended,252610,29706644,Posted: 4 February,all,Jorse,"I've played this for less then an hour and already this is one of my favorite games.The controlls so far are smooth and the music is on point, but my favorite moment already is being a Clumsy dog, running around a junkyard and barking at zombies while the rest of my survivors die. Such happy times!If only it had Online play, the fun would never end!"
76561198079098332,Recommended,252610,31050532,Posted: 9 April,all,[Dab] Nadelock,"Game had an error for me for a while, but its finally been working for me. I love it and would rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,252610,29154076,Posted: 9 January,all,Bobdole360,I really enjoy this game can't wait for more updates. I bought for my friends too. I wish i could play with them online :D
76561198208036797,Recommended,252610,29123636,Posted: 8 January,all,BoozeHound,Super fun crazy game and addictive as all hell.i sunk a few hours into it before i even noticed.awesome that you can play with a friend
,Recommended,252610,29146815,Posted: 9 January,all,Cosmi,Look death road to canada is kinda one of the best games of 2016.Found AlvisDarin Dies on the next SiegeLeaves Alvis to dieGets another recruitRecruit diesMAKES IT TO CANADA ANYWAYS
,Recommended,252610,29240182,Posted: 13 January,all,DMUA,"If only we got swole and threw chairs at the zombies when they first showed up. If only...Well, here we are. The apocalypse! Grab your pipes and pans and get ready for Canada! You're going to need to throw furniture, get supplies, and try to avoid zombie bites!It's overall a fun game for a good price, it's even better if you have a buddy to sit on the couch and adventure with you!"
,Recommended,252610,30059984,Posted: 20 February,all,Fuzzy Crumpet Nuggets 257,"I have to say the tutorial made me not want to play this game and quit right there. Don't ask me why it just felt forced and slow as all hell and a little condescending. But once I got into the game it was great. It's very casual and I totally prefer non-indepth games as I get older and this is the kind of game that has just enough goals and rewards to keep you going and not feel like the game is making you really work super hard for nothing. You can customize your character or have a random one, there's random events that can be good or bad and everything depends on your decision making abilities and chosen skill sets. There are a ton of weapons and perks and you can raid homes, stores, and apartment complexes for items which can lead to disaster or huge pay offs. I don't really feel it's worth $15 though, wait until it's on sale. I've also found some obnoxious glitches like stuff you buy not being in inventory and sometimes even rare items you find magically never appearing in inventory which really annoys me."
76561198268572918,Recommended,252610,30048981,Posted: 19 February,all,Wegotour,"I don't know what to say about the game so i'm going to just tell you some of the things that happened to me.my sister sold my group out to bandits and had us all killedI met an evil toilet genieSome weird monster thing sent me to some death forest because he hates mondaysGot coal from santa and shoved it into my cars gas tankFound the last bodybuilderGave a panda a sledgehammerKicked my sister out of the group after she demanded that someone be kicked out of the groupShot at a tree on the road and obliterated itGot killed by a beeTold everyone to cool itProceeded to get killed everytime I told someone to cool itSomehow got lucky and saying cool it workedHad a dog evolve into a super dog who learned how to operate a car, shoot a shotgun, and just generally be man's true best friendHad a magical anime girl explode and anime the carAnd made it to Canada"
,Recommended,252610,30161929,Posted: 25 February,all,illwill,Nice little game :)
,Recommended,252610,30162192,Posted: 25 February,all,Stonefight,"This game is f*cking amazing.This is a roguelite zombie survival oregon trail game. The music and the visuals are amazing and work so well together.This game also has some nice humor that only slightly forgives the brutal difficulty.Ah yes, the difficulty. This game is REALLY hard, rng will f*ck you so hard in the a$$ it hurts, many times a good run will get ruined by one bad roll of the dice. But hey? This game is still a joy to play and the local coop is even better. If you want to have a blast and have some spare cash buy this game"
,Recommended,252610,28700236,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,EL Pacha,Found a Panda......Killed everyone in my group 10/10 RNG killed me
76561198031035302,Recommended,252610,31191699,Posted: 16 April,all,The_Tron,"I've only got a few hours played of this game but it is a very unique experience compared to the mass of other zombie related titles out there. as many other reviews have stated this game comes across like Oregon trail in a modern zombie apocalypse. with different game modes you can range from the semi realistic approach and even make friends and family to include as characters you can recruit in your party. or you can have a playthrough where you can get murderous clowns, a link alternative, a sailor moon knockoff and anything in between. the game is great at not taking itself too seriously especially with some of the travel banter between characters.gameplay while simplistic is a lot of fun. theres something satisfying about hulking out and throwing a couch at a horde of zombies and knocking them all down either for the get away or an easy cleanup. the game does have a ton of depth however due to its rogue like nature and replay value is throguh the roof.my only complaint is just some more variety in a couple of regards. for example while i havent had a successful trip yet thanks to some very challenging sieges I've had several repeat encounters and locations. though it does look like the devs have been great at adding content which is awesome. overall for thr cost of the game and the hours upon hours of enjoyment you can get this is an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,252610,31179493,Posted: 16 April,all,Smoke,Everything that is done is done well however more content would really make the game feel more open and random.It would also be better if it was more playable/Lootable areas rather than an RNG.I'd say its worth a full $15 but you will feel much more satisfied if you got it on sale.Overall a very entertaining rougelike
,Recommended,252610,24488891,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Potato McGruff,"I tried it. Seems like a fun game, but it crashed twice within my 11 minutes of game play. Requested a refund.Edit: I played this game almost a year ago last time and had refunded it. A comment suggested to try it again now. I've not invested a lot of time into it yet, but so far I've had fun with what I've played and it hasn't crashed (which was my issue last time).I look forward to putting more time into this now (and trying to find a friend to play it with me!)"
,Recommended,252610,26995895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pachito hijoeputa,A very cool game :)
,Recommended,252610,30174941,Posted: 25 February,all,chowder1101,after playing this game a couple hours with a friend i have found that its really fun with a great premes and diolog and the music THE MUSIC best i have heard out of a game in a long time i give 9.9/10
76561198108921885,Recommended,252610,30188681,Posted: 25 February,all,NeenCuh,This game is amazing. It deserves more attention.Seems heavily rng based but perfectly blends in with humor element.
76561198284810934,Recommended,252610,31139678,Posted: 14 April,all,(france) koolkows,an incredibly fun game with funny story and SO MUCH CONTENT each time i started i got something new happening from an anime girl joining and blowing up to having a pug shoot a shotgun this game makes me laugh who ever wants a fun oregon trail style zombie game that has humour should 100% pick up this game
76561198040070207,Recommended,252610,28638628,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jewbaka,so you might think this game looks nicea somewhat normal looking gamethen you find a magical school girlshe gets a puffy face as time passesand then your team dies for she explodesso is this a good gameyea
,Recommended,252610,29024179,Posted: 4 January,all,/thetilde,"I really enjoy playing this game after a couple of rounds. The game is fairly simple control-wise and is really easy to pick up. There is a high skill ceiling however because you are supposed to not only dodge the zombies, but manage the survivability of your entire group. I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys rogue-like games. I also enjoy that you have to start over after every death as it adds to the replayablility of the game.A side note: ALWAYS PICK UP WOOF"
76561198072293800,Recommended,252610,31133044,Posted: 14 April,all,Jt'sJeep.com,"I picked up a girl from an anime convention. She ended up exploding and almost killed myself, garfeild, and macho man.BEST GAME"
76561198116073200,Recommended,252610,33047413,Posted: 30 June,all,deadbones24,"VERY FUN AND HARD, CHallenging"
76561198073050877,Recommended,252610,33043390,Posted: 30 June,all,Crusty Jugglers,"♥♥♥♥ off, this game is goodThis game is really goodI don't wanna spoil itBut it's damn good."
,Recommended,252610,33009821,Posted: 29 June,all,The BIG™️ Chungo,very fun game with friends
,Recommended,252610,33066644,Posted: 30 June,all,Doomed,"This game...i cant even begin to explain my feels for this masterpiece. The gameplay is amazing, it reminds me of organ trail but the elements put into this game is amazing! the control are weird at first but because well known after 10 minutes of gametime, the random level design is a nice touch and the fact that you can customize characters is even better. why wouldnt you want to but a game where CANADA is a safe zone from ZOMBIES. always be yourself, unless you can be horse mann than always be horse mann"
76561198079436362,Recommended,252610,33060618,Posted: 30 June,all,Ttran2323,"> Buys game> Starts up new game> Gets fairly lucky with loot drops> Manages to actually get to the 4 hour seige section before reaching Canada on first try> Immediately blows up entire party because I thought it was a good idea to stick 4 trigger happy people in a tiny rubble filled single room with 3 explosive containers in it""Welp... that didn't go quite as planned. I can already tell this is gonna be good though."""
,Recommended,252610,33050075,Posted: 30 June,all,twitchy.that_was_rude;,addictive and unforgiving game at times .. very cute characters. funny combination of a text adventure with actual gameplay. just get the game and support the devlopers you a$$h0le
76561198046752553,Recommended,252610,33050688,Posted: 30 June,all,MiaowGaiGar,"Death Road to Canada has proven to be one of the most pleasant surprises in the Steam library. Despite having a lot in common with many other titles, with its randomized characters, items, events, and locations, it manages to stand out by how it puts them together, while also wrapping it in a legitimately great sense of humor that manages to parody itself without insulting itself.You begin the game by choosing a mode that affects things like the game's length and overall difficulty, then taking one or two characters with randomly a selected name, appearance, perk, and a trait, the latter two affecting how the character holds up in a fight or reacts to events that the group runs into, or you can choose from characters you personally make in the custom creator, which allows you to hand-pick each of those attributes yourself. You then have them meet their destiny as they hit the titular road in an attempt to escape a pixely zombie apocalypse. Your overall goal is always the same: Survive the pre-established number of days necessary to reach the border to Canada, and to do so you'll stop at randomly generated locations full of supplies that can help you keep you from becoming zombie chow along the way and prepare you for the inevitable final battle.Where Death Road really stands out, though, is in how that journey unfolds. Every single playthrough will have you meet scores of randomly generated characters, pre-made rare characters with mostly set attributes and quirks, and/or the characters you personally created, and together they'll run into an absolute ton of different random events that check those characters' stats, personalities, and abilities to respond to them, often with amusing results. It's almost impossible to go five minutes on the road without laughing at the unapologetic absurdity thrown at you every in-game day, and the sheer volume of events means it's possible to go several times through the game without running into the same one twice. Even if you do have a repeat, the composition of your group means those same events can have wildly different results, as you may have access to new solutions that weren't possible with a prior team... or new disasters.Between braving such challenges as defeating bandits in a bodybuilders' pose-off, waking up to your lodge for the night randomly setting itself on fire, or finding out what happens when you toss the team dog into an tetrographic vortex, you'll leave the safety of your car to wade into the shambling hordes, looting what's left of civilization to find food, medical supplies, guns, ammunition, and blunt objects to help you make it another day. These segments test your skill as a player as you ration your characters' bullets and own physical stamina to help you survive, and you'll need to balance even things such as the heft of a weapon with its owner's own fitness and strength stats, or they may not even be able to swing it effectively, potentially leading to an untimely-but-probably-hilarious demise. Even these battles themselves can be hysterical fun; running into a room, hurling a twin bed at a group of undead, and beating them to death with a sledgehammer is one kind of domestic violence everyone can get behind.Ultimately, though, knowing when to shoot, when to swing, when to hold your ground, and even when to cut and run for it is all vital to your survival, and some legitimately exciting and nerve-racking decisions occasionally must be made to ensure your ultimate goal, such as leaving vital supplies behind while an insurmountable wave approaches, or sacrificing a crucial member of the group to allow a path to the otherwise inaccessible car, or even to ditch that car entirely and brave the journey on foot.As you may be able to gather, the results often amount to a pretty legitimate challenge. The hordes can be overwhelming, the random events can be cruel, and you may not always find the means, or the personnel, to help you overcome the Death Road easily. Despite this, the game is rarely outright unfair, merciful even at its most merciless, and provided you reasonably strategize in the areas you do have agency over, the random elements will very rarely force you into an inescapable corner. Bad luck will happen, and brain cramps will too, but just about every playthrough is surmountable one way or the other despite both; as long as someone lives to carry on the dream, they should find the means to do so. The most important element is your own ability as a player to do so, and the game almost never takes that from you, an extremely difficult task that some developers don't even bother to take on in the first place, with such excuses as some playthroughs are simply meant to be unwinnable. Death Road does not ascribe to that philosophy, but you may have to adjust your personal strategy now and then regardless.And since we're on the topic of game developers, this proves another area the game surprises in, as they're a highly communicative bunch continually developing the game at an almost absurd rate. Updates are very frequent, full of new events, items, rare characters, and more, and not a single changelog is without them responding to questions and other feedback from their players. This game could have been considered satisfyingly finished months ago, full of replay value, and yet they continue, providing more for the road to throw at you every time you play. The value even at the base asking price of fifteen dollars almost feels like stealing.It adds to the game being one of the best examples of this kind of title: it's challenging without being sadistic, it's formulaic without being monotonous, it's silly without being stupid, and it's funny without being a brainless meme storm. It's not perfect -- stamina management can be tedious, especially at low Fitness levels, there may be a few too many outright bad weapons, and the trading system doesn't always give a lot of incentive to give away your food when you're not guaranteed to find more any time soon, and the consequences of not having enough can single-handedly doom a playthrough -- but it does more than enough right, and doesn't outright crush you beneath what it may not do quite as right. Ultimately, Death Road to Canada is everything great about independant games -- while being little of what isn't -- and Rocketcat Games is everything that's great about independant game developers. If a challenging-but-fair, randomly-generated adventure more focused on a raucous good time than navel-gazing has even the slightest hint of appeal to you, you owe it to yourself to put on your tuque and hit the road.And remember: Beware the clown."
76561198173467105,Recommended,252610,33058592,Posted: 30 June,all,Flinky,"This has got to be more one of the most amazing, wacky, frustarting, and hilarious games I have ever played. Part of Death Road to Canada plays like Orgeon Trail: There's special events and encounters that you indirectly navigate through by picking one of a few different choices. and the outcome of the event is based on your character's stats. The other half of DR2C gameplay is played like a rouge-like, as you control one of the characters in your party and loot abandoned cities and run through zombie-infested sewers, all the while making sure you don't run out of gas or food. Now, a problem a lot of people have with this game is that they complain there's too much RNG involoved, and because of that, the only times you win is because of luck. This is not true at all. Yes, it is a hard game. Yes, there's going to be those times when you feel like you were cheated out of a perfect run. However, you learn from those mistakes. When you run into the event you died from on your last run, you realize, ""Oh, I shouldn't do this option because it killed me last time. I'll do this other option instead."" Another thing that really helps in these types of cases is the character creation, and more specifically the traits and perks. The traits and perks are just added things to your character, that improves somethings, but decreases others. If your the type of dude who's a freaking expert at the combat, but always gets screwed when they encounter bandits, you can create a character with the charming trait, who might be able to cut a deal with those bandits who want all your food. If you feel like if you were just a bit faster, you would be able to juke those zombies, use the travel light perk. Or, if your feeling suicidal, create a character who's a theif and annoying. I guarantee that never has, and never will work. The game is really fun and lighthearted, and there's always new things to learn about. Thanks to a new update, there's EVEN MOAR perks, traits, and special events! Have fun on your way to Canada!"
,Recommended,252610,33009934,Posted: 29 June,all,drawsome10,Fun and exciting!
,Recommended,252610,33015338,Posted: 29 June,all,Scout looking at a can of Bonk,i wish i could think of a meme good enough to describe this game
,Recommended,252610,33026109,Posted: 29 June,all,jmtsy,love it
76561198010612168,Recommended,252610,33011401,Posted: 29 June,all,zerb,Sod your CoD or BF crap as nothing beats a good old top down 2D game! I've only played the game for 2 hours and I'm already addicted to take this useless bunch of people to Canada.The game's flow is perfect. Every action subsequently leads to something more challenging on every level. You can go at it alone or recruit people along the way to help you on your adventure. It's a quality and fun zombie smash'em'up game with a hilarious dialogue to keep you entertained. There are plenty of upgrades and bonus levels to keep you occupied too.I bought this for £7. An absolute steal.
76561198155244277,Recommended,252610,33093730,Posted: 1 July,all,zilver04,EPIC for 2 player and on your own 10 0ot of 10
,Recommended,252610,33093154,Posted: 1 July,all,Heaven's Devil,Iz gut gaem. Much memes. 10/10 IGN.
76561198058586645,Recommended,252610,33072803,Posted: 1 July,all,Cappy!,"Highly enjoyable game. The difficulty is frustrating in just the right way: Keeping you going to try and make it to Canada. The character creation really makes this game something special, I love the fantasy of road tripping to Canada with my buds and taking on hordes of zombies. I haven't made it so far, but I'm going to keep trying! The unlock system gives a highly satisfying sense of progression, as does the stat handling. And from the view point of a budding game designer I really appreciate how much they did with so little. Plus, if character creation isn't enough as is, it's incredibly easy to mod in even more costumes and appearances to get you or your friends looking a little more like yourself! ( A quick google will show how, recommended that you use an art tool with a grid to make sure all the assets line up properly on your character sprite. ) Which is great for immersion. I saw this game on a Let's Play, and now I want to make a Let's Play on it, couldn't recommend it any more than I do!"
76561198004387279,Recommended,252610,33098027,Posted: 1 July,all,Pentalis,Funny as heck and REALLY fun to play 2 player. Don't throw the controller at you buddy after he decides to wrestle a moose!
76561198028097818,Recommended,252610,33106639,Posted: 1 July,all,Gorephyndir,My main character was a dog who is now an honourary citizen of CanadaHappy 150!
76561198202807497,Recommended,252610,33114283,Posted: 1 July,all,Egg Boy,Solid game. Would recommend.
,Recommended,252610,33119124,Posted: 2 July,all,TrashyCSGOPlayer,-Team comprised of Kurtz from apocalypse now and Karl from walking dead.-Greeted with a message saying that I have been pranked by the Canadians and was given a car full of 255 hockey sticks and a beaver party member.-Eh?.pdf-Go to raid a building.-Kurtz is insistent on picking up a random hockey stick on the floor instead of a f***ing pipe bomb.-Finally get him to use pipe bomb .-Throws pipe bomb into a crowd of zombies.-Kills entire team in one blast leaving nothing but bits of our bodies and that god forsaken  hockey stick.-Mfw I still have nightmares to this day about that hockey stick mocking me from the far reaches of my recollection of that traumatic experience.10/10 would get f***ed over by Canada Day Shinanigans again
,Recommended,252610,33148503,Posted: 2 July,all,「 ラ ブ サ ー チ ャ ー 」,fun game
76561198142750887,Recommended,252610,33703959,Posted: 21 July,all,[LFG]Falsecaclio,It was kewl
,Recommended,252610,33702369,Posted: 21 July,all,RaienAsami,You can play as panda shooting zombie with shotgunso good game eh?
76561198049495062,Recommended,252610,33638916,Posted: 18 July,all,Tikipunch5,I haven't had the chance to play 2 player on this one. But the single player is realy challenging and fun.
,Recommended,252610,31645534,Posted: 9 May,all,Scoot,Great sunday road trip. 10/10 would trip again
,Recommended,252610,33301383,Posted: 5 July,all,Bambini,"Another game I've spent hours only watching.  It's so nice to look at and listen to, I find myself amused and Infuriated at the same time! Games that have replay value each run helps make it worth the agony of spending money."
76561198278950127,Recommended,252610,34726314,Posted: 3 September,all,KerfuffleTriumph,This game is very fun and is a great way to burn off your time if your bored! my friends love it and we play it all the time.. multiplayer would be nice as well
76561198138814039,Recommended,252610,24565927,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,stoner1822,Amazing game! Honestly can say it's one of my favorites!!
,Recommended,252610,34736867,Posted: 4 September,all,Tohru Adachi,"Death Road to Canada is a Oregon Trail-type game released in July of 2016 and became a pretty popular game. I personally found out about it in early 2017 and purchased it about a month later. I have logged on 7 hours or so (As of Review) I recently got back into it after seeing the new update. I really enjoy the game. I have never completed the main game,but have come close. I think it needs a newer character creation system, with a determined starter weapon that can be player determined (Not by traits) I also think the game is a good game and all the choices you make through your drive can determine if you die by bandits or by a siege. I think it belongs on consoles aswell as the gameplay is kinda odd on keyboard with the standard layout. I also think the choices are a a good implementation for some sense of control and it really is good game."
76561198078116012,Recommended,252610,34738034,Posted: 4 September,all,MEGA-POTION,10/10
76561198342532940,Recommended,252610,33813443,Posted: 26 July,all,DeerSlayer04,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198086770623,Recommended,252610,34745934,Posted: 4 September,all,EdgewoodDarkbottom,"This game is just tons of fun to play, especially with a friend. Just finished making it to Canada my first time and the feeling of accomplishment and success were very much at the forefront of my mind upon crossing the border. At times the game can be downright hilarious with moments of funny and bizarre comedy spread throughout the loose, emergent narrative. There are multiple narrative junctions in which you must make decisions and choose certain outcomes for various members of your party. Depending upon group composition this can lead to some surprising, funny or downright terrible outcomes depending on your luck.The game is surprisingly slow at times giving the player time to plan and talk amongst friends or themselves adding an enjoyable layer of strategy and depth to what would be a mindless top down shooter otherwise. DRtC also features an intuitive and integral item scavening system in place that adds constant tension throughout as you juggle between items/weapons on you at any given moment.You must constantly be aware of your supplies. Food, gas, meds, etc. all share the same pool for the party and must be balanced and incessantly managed, especially on the harder/ longer game modes. DRtC's art style is colorful and detailed with most character models being distinct and very stylistic, especially those that are more hidden or of the easter-egg variety. The game also boasts a rockin, chip-tune soundtrack that makes your zombie slaying that much more enjoyable.Overall, I had more fun than I ever expected and plan to play more, hopefully with friends again. My only complaints are the lack of enemy types; different kinds of zombies/infected would have been an added bonus. Also, the lack of an online functionality is surprising as I don't always have access to a friend sitting next to me to play... at least not nowadays. Hopefully this is something the devs will add in the future perhaps.Regardless, for 15 bucks it's worth the cash. You've got multiple hours of laughs, thrills, and  numerous means of replayability all awaiting you on your  wild trip to the Canadian border. Do yourself (and your friends) a favor and grab this one if you're on the fence about it."
76561198097016045,Recommended,252610,34764449,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr. Mann,"So, I've played little less than two hours and have;-Befriended Bogan, the man with Feisty Claws.-Found a Greatsword in a burning building that can cause things to burn. Probably what caused the house fire in the first place.-Exclaimed ""YEAH SCREW THIS NOISE"" after pulling out two teeth, but before spontaneously dying.-Told someone that I wasn't a dink when I was, in fact, a big dink.-Charmed a few people into giving me free goods in a zombie apocalypse.All in all, a good couple of hours. 10/10, would screw that noise again."
76561198082528056,Recommended,252610,34764068,Posted: 5 September,all,Lord McCheezy,"Yeah, it's alright. Why? Well...The game is a large and very comical zombie road trip simulator that almost never takes itself too seriously. It's like Organ Trail if the point was to get to Canada instead of Oregon and you deal with everyone being a jerk while fighting through an endless flood of zombies. You try your best to go from the bottom of Florida to Canada while scavanging food, fuel, and weapons to survive until then. So, yeah, same old stuff.But...There's a lot more that seperates DRTC from the overwhelming majority of zombie survival simulations (excluding Organ Trail). For one, it's a rougue-like, which means it's so hard that you are almost never going to beat this game unless you are blessed with the luckiest Irish blood in all of the world (or just lucky). It's also filled with an ENOURMOUS plethora of weapons, road scenarioes, and various characters, including characters from games and movies, to generic pop culture people, several animals, the infinite random generator, and any more you create yourself. There's a great selection of comedic situations and dialogue options that may at least give you a few genuine laughs. Plus, since that huge anniversary update, there's almost no bugs and plenty more stuff in general to enjoy.However, this game may frustrate you or leave you without any smiles, depending on your opinion of these types of games. So, if you don't enjoy humor along the lines of the following scenario, then you have been warned.""Your group has been ambushed by a group of bandits who're asking for all of your stuff or else they're gonna beat you up. How do you respond?""A. Fred knew this was coming - ""Fred, since he's paranoid, saw this a mile away. While everyone else went on ahead, he came around in the car for a double ambush! The bandits are so surprised, that they run off while you drive away.""B. Dave tells them to 'COOL IT!' - ""Because telling someone to 'cool it' has never worked in the history of ever, the bandits become so enraged that they begin to beat up Dave mercilessly. Since he was already injured, Dave dies. The bandits, preoccupied, ignore the rest of your group as they drive away.""C. The Last Bodybuilder challenges them to a POSE OFF! - ""The leader of the bandits, a large and burly guy, steps up. The Last Bodybuilder was hardly able to break a sweat as the bandit leader slinks off in shame and lets you guys through.""**I am not quoting this exactly, I am guessing from memory!!!**Besides that, my final verdict is this: it's a great game that has a childish and endearing sense of humor, a well designed character roster, and many great qualities that make it quite fun if you don't try to play to win. So, yeah, it's alright, and as long as you have a similar sense of humor, then it should make for a fun few weekends' worth of good times.7/10, It's alright."
,Recommended,252610,34786400,Posted: 6 September,all,SAD PANDA,"Just a really fun choose your own adventure type game, you will want to keep replaying it again and again. Totally worth the dough!"
76561198111857797,Recommended,252610,34805724,Posted: 7 September,all,THE S U C C,IS FUNNY GAMEHAHA I SEE FUNNY DOG MANHA
76561198107371645,Recommended,252610,34801398,Posted: 7 September,all,PtrckG_0759,"I’m Canadian and I fully endorse this product, eh. Though lacking in Poutine, Maple Syrup and Celine Dion, it has a robo-Mountie – and that more than make up for it.Devs, please more of… well, everything. This is awesome.Non-devs, go click ""Add to Cart"" if you haven't done so already. Seriously, this is awesome."
76561197964892738,Recommended,252610,34888111,Posted: 11 September,all,La Douche Chaude,"What do you get when you cross River City Ransom with Oregon Trail, add a heavy dose of humor and zombies?Death Road to CanadaIf this game had online multiplayer, it would be a candidate for my all-time favorite game.  As it stands, we still can't get enough of it with local co-op."
76561198172512857,Recommended,252610,34833574,Posted: 9 September,all,Monkeyking22222222222222222,good game
76561198205656203,Recommended,252610,34819668,Posted: 8 September,all,bluepenguin1002,>make charcter based of me and freind>Picks up dog>Me and freind die>Dog takes the car>2 days from canada>Find an overturned truck filled with chicken wings>Open it>Die becuase of hot wingsIf this doesn't make you want to buy the game then I don't know what will
76561198155881956,Recommended,252610,34829693,Posted: 8 September,all,The War Against Cats,An easily acessible version of DnD set in a post appocalyptic wasteland? Hell yeah!
76561198313404587,Recommended,252610,33775255,Posted: 24 July,all,congra95,"Very entertaining. I have played for hours, and each run through is totally different."
,Recommended,252610,33781144,Posted: 25 July,all,Toastacrone,"Solid 7/10Pros:-Nice pixel graphics-Character creation lets you put relatives or other people and characters into the game-Offers a very hard challenge-Rare characters mode has some funny cameos from other video game charactersCons:-Can cause extreme frustration when you get unlucky with looting sprees or weapon spawns-The difficulty can be overwhelming when you get bad weapons and bad resource spawnsOverall, a nice game to play every once in a while, but overplaying it can lead to extreme frustration, and you may not want to play it again afterwards."
,Recommended,252610,33795698,Posted: 25 July,all,Xxx_KelpKushQu1ksc0p3r_xxX,"Me and my friend joked about getting a little girl as swole as possible.Little Susie benchpressed cars, wielded a sycthe handed down from Death himself, and could handle the recoil of an uzi.Unfortunately, being a little girl meant having 1 hit point, which in the end did not bode well for her.RIP Susie she went and got bit.Oh yeah, the game is pretty good, I'd recommend."
,Recommended,252610,33797653,Posted: 25 July,all,Butt3ryToas7,"REALLY ADDICTING, ITS GOT AMAZING GAMEPLAY LATE GAME, GREAT HUMOR, AND YOU WILL LOVE IT IF YOU LOVED OREGON TRAIL OR ANYTHING ALIKE IT"
76561198101861475,Recommended,252610,33809349,Posted: 26 July,all,"FATĐAMИ AkA ""MAUSER""",♥♥♥♥ing beatiful. Evertime I get bored of those AA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t games I open this game and have pure ♥♥♥♥ing fun man! Everytime I want to have fun and kill time I play this game. We want more games like this and indie developers like this our only chance in the industry.
,Recommended,252610,33896866,Posted: 29 July,all,Cat Origins,"-I start up a new game-I get some clown on the team-Some giant black hole thingie comes up, Clown is now nwolC-Rid uses D O G    P S Y C H O L O G Y to get a bunch of ammo-Turns out nwolC is a she, I should've not assumed her gender-""Rid is a secret nerd""-Rid dies-I have the choice to fight some Godzilla thing, I refuse-DYSP is added to the team-Cat, my character, dies-nwolC is now at one health-DYSP p**ps his pants and leaves the group (:C)-I get some Rambo guy to the team-Rambo-guy's gun is really, really OP-I get some drunk girl on the team-nwolC dies-We survive the second-to-last siege-We die on the last oneThis was my adventure, but all of them are different. Go out there and start your own!"
,Recommended,252610,33904920,Posted: 30 July,all,aw3som3n3ss,"Good Game. The controls are weird and hard to get the hang of, and you can't use the mouse to aim your weapon. I'd give it a 7/10. Much like the Oregon Trail."
,Recommended,252610,33913081,Posted: 30 July,all,MegaMatt,"This game is amazing!! Overall the gameplay is smooth and simple. It's comparable, at least in my opinion, to binding of Isaac. It has a variety of weapons and challenges. Buy this game."
76561198187397575,Recommended,252610,33920727,Posted: 30 July,all,LTAdkins06,SO MUCH REPLAYABILTY AND CAN GET SO ♥♥♥♥ING DIFICULT. 10/10 good game. if your reading this buy the game . its really good. and it has lots of modes what are difficult.woof
76561198292214801,Recommended,252610,33941943,Posted: 31 July,all,Legolover9876,"Great replay value. Big Oregon trail fan, so when I saw PB and Jeff play it on youtube, I had to have it. Had it for a few months now and haven't won."
76561198078059879,Recommended,252610,27369480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mereblear,Amazing! Fun game with a sense of humor.
,Recommended,252610,33986320,Posted: 2 August,all,Ranylyn,"Do you like games with high stakes, where every playthrough can end in failure and needing to restart, and character customization? Do you enjoy a hard game that doesn't take itself too seriously and eases the tension with silly moments, parodies, and just a general sense of fun? Do you like dogs? Not specific breeds, just in general?If not, feel free to move on. It's not an easy game, and not for everyone, especially not for people who hate dogs. There's nothing wrong with that.Death Road to Canada is about survivors from Florida trying to escape to Canada in a zombie apocalypse setting. There's a character creation system with a LOT of slots to save to (I believe 80) with perks and traits to make everyone unique and useful. You can run into and recruit these custom characters just like anyone else in the game, and there's even a game mode to increase the odds of running into your people instead of other ones. In addition, there's also unique characters, many of which are parodies, and some of them may surprise you.There's a very real sense of progression and resource management as you start off with barely a stick to your name and slowly acquire better weapons and ammo for said weapons - ammo you can't waste because then said weapons are useless to you. Your characters also have chances to become stronger, better mechanics, and the like over the course of the journey as well. Stronger and more fit characters can swing weapons around without tiring as fast, and characters can become so fatigued that they're easily overwhelmed. You need to play smart. Keep moving, save your ammo, and know when using it will make the difference between life and death.It's never too stressful simply since the game is amusing. The comedy basically runs damage control and keeps you entertained even when things look bleak or even if you just died, with one of my favorite game over screens ever. I want to give examples. I want to give them SO MUCH. But I also don't want to ruin the surprises that lay in store, and there's so many great moments that I can't decide what to pick! If you don't care about spoilers, you may as well check the Screenshots in the Community Hub.As for the fairness of the game... knowledge is power. Even when bad events happen back to back, knowing what each choice does makes it far easier to mitigate. For example, if bandits are trying to rob your team, fighting will always result in people getting hurt, no matter how strong and well-trained you may think your team is. As such, you learn to go ""Okay, low on health, fighting will be bad, what about the other options?"" Depending on your team, you may even find new options based on their skills and personalities - options to completely bypass some of the worst outcomes, in some cases! Due to this, every playthrough is different since you need to make different choices depending on the situation, and you'll only learn the best ways to do things through repeated playthroughs.If this sounds like a good time, then do yourself a favor and give it a try. If not, hey, that's why my review is detailed; my reccomendation isn't an upvote, the review is here to help inform your decision to purchase or not!"
76561198154940057,Recommended,252610,34023546,Posted: 4 August,all,Awsomenova1,I beat the game with a fedora wearing martial artist and a chainsaw-weilding girl in a Godzilla costume after my explorer friend and a janator died and after turning down a professional wrestler.In a previous playthrough I died as a governmet agent after making a deal with Death himself.Buy this game on sale.The humor and gameplay can cheer just about anyone up.
76561198154676902,Recommended,252610,34027776,Posted: 4 August,all,YockPop,Really good game.
,Recommended,252610,34019530,Posted: 4 August,all,Tiniest Lizard,"Its difficult to really have an opinion on this game for me as its both good and bad in many ways. If you know Organ Trail you can imagine a lot of what is going on here, but the game replaces many text passages with in character momenty where your party scavanges actively for items, food and weapons... maybe even other survives. The game does this reasonably well be it not perfect but its fun, and rather challanging at times too!The game has a rather... interesting sense of humor to not say ""dank"" because the memes here are all over the place. Some of the jokes are very random or just plain stupid in a good way. This also means tho that its not as serious as Organ Trail is. Not even remotely. This sadly broke the atmosphere a bit for me, because the dire feeling of fleeing an undead nightmare was much more present in the basically imageless Organ Trail than here, even when the hordes of zombies should to the same. But in fact they don't always... bring the atmosphere i believe they were trying to make. This game is as far as im aware also involved in the Alex Maurer-Controversy... and as far as i am concerned i wouldn't put my name on that soundtrack since it just... didn't feel very interesting to me. Anyway...Speaking of things i don't like: The game is roguelike. In the sense that many things can kill you and when your character died they are dead for good and the next in the party takes their role. If all of them die, the game is over. Characters can not only die on missions tho - and here is the part that annoys me a bit - but also die in random events... And sometimes i wasn't even aware there was any possibility of dying. While i had a great laugh at what happened there... the fact that my character got ""flexed out of existence"" was turning my playthrough from a decent, succesful run into absolute ♥♥♥♥♥torm even with the addition of another strong character. The RNG is a bit to strong at play here at times. Fair is very little about it."
,Recommended,252610,34001625,Posted: 3 August,all,Rowdyruffboy1,"This game was not only fun, but it was a challenge like I haven't felt in a while!If you just started, or are having a difficult time, no need to worry! There is a skill upgrade system using ZOMBO POINTS (ZP)That allows you to have better Traits/Perks!Overall, you'll find yourself having a blast with the multitude of modesw to play.(Don't forget, there are secrets!)"
,Recommended,252610,34032885,Posted: 5 August,all,CrimsonZero,"Now that the game's on sale, i just have to come out with my thoughts and give this game a review. So, here goes.First of all, this game is replayable. Very, very, very replayable. with a bunch of diffirent gamemodes to unlock and try out and some that are difficulty increases from other modes (example: Normal Road and Deadlier Road). So there's plenty to go around in terms of gamemodes. Next, the gameplay. It's honestly difficult to explain it, but it's in the trailer. That saves me some time :p. Next up, the soundtrack. What can i say, it's amazing. Seriously, the soundtrack is AMAZING! The sounds of zombies and some rare characters are abit weird but it works. Next up, the extra content. First of all there's custom characters, i created me and my friends for the heck of it and it is hillarious to see the characters argue like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. These custom characters can have one perk and one trait, wich some you need to unlock by surviving certain events in a run wich drops you ZP wich you can then trade in to unlock a perk/trait in the unlock town. The perks can also be level'd up twice for ZP. Traits are not upgradable. Some traits give a bonus to Strenght, Fitness, mayby a hidden something like the Paranoid trait, wich is not made to influence stats but rather make characters be able to do usefull things in dreadfull situations. Perks mostly boost stats. Next, the humor. It's quirky and clever, not much to say there. Some people call you a DINK, some people are named HUMONGOLOID or something XP. There's also''rare characters''. These are mostly references to other games. For example, Link is in the game (and gets declared a retard often). These rare characters are funny and worth recuiting, also there's alot of them so yet again: REPLAYABILITY!the game is very difficult at first, but you will get used to it. There's ALOT of diffirent events so you will rarely see the same one's on the same day. I seriously see no flaws in this game, honestly. I see no need for online multiplayer, the thing where only player 1 can operate room exits is a good mechanic, it lets the devs focus on more important things while it's forgiveable on it's own as it encourages the 2 players to stick together. It can run on a toaster, so the game takes little room to download. And that's about it, i highly recommend this game, period."
,Recommended,252610,31593312,Posted: 6 May,all,Antagonist,"I had to change my review after seeing they had posted an update. I thought for sure when I bought and played this game and got a good 10 hours out of it that it was ""What you see is what you get"", and to be fair, that would be perfectly fine. 10 hours of entertainment for 15 dollars is an incredible deal. But this game is deeper than that. It really has a lot of heart that I really wasn't paying attention to the first time around. Not the characters really, but the sound, the way everything is written. It's a zombie apocalypse (obviously) and yet it is so upbeat and chipper. The graphics look like something that you'd play on a Commodore 64 and honestly, they're absolutely perfect for this game.My only real gripe with the game is that it completely and utterly lacks complexity. Go around, beat up some zombies, recruit new people to your crew, try to make it to Canada. A crafting system would really go a long way. Maybe for DR2C 2.But would I recommend it for 14.99? Abso♥♥♥♥inglutely. Usually zombie games are depressing, regardless of how fun they are. The Last of Us (although not true ""zombies""), State of Decay just off the top of my head. Yet with this game instead of walking away feeling somber or moody like you would with those games (especially The Last of Us) you can't help but be happy. This is art right here."
76561198177913502,Recommended,252610,31964372,Posted: 25 May,all,ÐïåmðñÐ462,"A game were you try to get to Canada by driving on the death road by avoiding zombiesIts a pretty fun and awesome games with 2 parts into 1The first part is when your driving and there will be events that happen that can either give positives or negative effects to your characters depending on your choice or if it just happens.The second part is the scavanging part.This is when you go into different leves searching through houses and other places you find but just be careful of zombies and check the time before it gets too dark.This game can get very hard especially on the harder modes but its still very fun.I love the custom characters that you can make,just make yourself or your friends and see if you can make it to Canada Yourself!I would say this is a 9/10   Also this games RNG can get really against you so if you dont like that this game might not be for you. because well...you dieTHE END"
76561198383999802,Recommended,252610,34069930,Posted: 6 August,all,Sapper_36,"Have ever wanted a game similar to Oregon Trail, but with the top down style of, something else that I can't think of? A game with cameos of your favorite characters from other media such asGarfield, Link, a stereotype anime girl, Octodad, and more.This game has all of that and more, a brilliant zombie game that isn't just pure beat 'em up, but is also a strategy game, that makes you think before you do ANYTHING. And it's very hard, not for casual gamers. All runs will be different because of varying characters and events. Like said in the game, ""Everyday on the Death Road is a new adventure."""
,Recommended,252610,34205659,Posted: 12 August,all,HolyJunkie,"so my brother broke into the game files and turned regular punches into superweaponsand i like, got into the spritesheet and changed some of the hats into ♥♥♥♥♥♥and we still can't make it back home because i can't stop stealing things and failing to book it to the car.this game is for those who just love good things, and an accurate portrayal of canada's military in the 1820's."
76561198285528106,Recommended,252610,34196267,Posted: 12 August,all,sebastian-hart8,its fun maybe it should be a little less but i reckomend
76561198328038664,Recommended,252610,34189760,Posted: 12 August,all,darkcharmander28,"Wow This game is really good. I'm just going to make a list of all the awesome things.-VERY replayable, you can encounter new characters every time you play (like L*nk [yes it's supposed to be Link it's actually like that in the game]).-Challenging enough were it's hard but not easy. The difficulty increases the farther you get.-A lot of character customization. You can change the appearence a bit, but you can choose perks that boost certain stats or gives you a special ability.-the fighting is really simple, which may be a bad thing to some people, but I love it.All in all it's a zombie Oregon trail were you take times to go and fight zombies and it's much more eventful and fun."
,Recommended,252610,34189113,Posted: 12 August,all,RetroGaijin,"Amazing game, highly recommended!"
76561198099142564,Recommended,252610,34185311,Posted: 12 August,all,Collis,"This game is fun, but it may not be for everyone but the developers really let you know what you get when you see the gameplay footage. I really liked the game for the randomized playthroughs each time I would load up a new save. It felt excited each time I would hop back in the car. Some of the annoying grips are that the game can get a tad tedious when you are running through each house to loot. I feel like most players will not be bothered by this until they get their money's worth. The point is that if you are looking for a game that is like the oregon trail then I would put my money here. Especially since the developers are so involved with the community so far."
,Recommended,252610,34183668,Posted: 11 August,all,-=(Alien)=-,">Hint at start of game tells me that dogs are very fast and I should try to lead a mission with just a dog to get supplies>Tries to have main character rest and have dog lead mission>Told by game ""Sawyer can't lead the mission by himself because he's just a DUMB ANIMAL"">Main Character goes in with dog>They both die10/10 would get false info again(seriously though, buy the game... it's good)"
,Recommended,252610,34148739,Posted: 10 August,all,nasenkobold,so much better than many so called AAA games.i must have started over about 20 times by now and every time i discover new crazy stuff!a truly fun and funny game. highly recommended.
,Recommended,252610,34123441,Posted: 9 August,all,Jexter,"Fast paced, funny, hack'n & slashy, original, rewarding one moment and very punishing the next. Did I mentioned it has great humour? Really great game!"
76561198371051559,Recommended,252610,34221018,Posted: 13 August,all,Jesse,This game is great! It is really hard and RNG heavy. Butt It isnt that bad. It took me about 25 attempts but I finally beat the game. After that it was much eaiser to beat the game again. It took me about 3 days to beat the game. It takes a while but eventually you will probably beat this game.The graphics are beatiful and the music was pretty good I like the Titlescreen track and the tracks that play in Seiges also the track when your walking.(SPOILERS) Also this game has many memorable moments like when you get Link or The Last Bodybuilder. Or when you first lose your car. And my favorite was when I got to the 2 last battles the 4 hour seige and the bridge to canada. The music got me so pumped up to beat these levels!In conclusion I think this game is awesome and 15 bucks is worth It. Ive beat 2 modes already and it still hasnt gotten old!
76561198356394463,Recommended,252610,34472283,Posted: 24 August,all,tavares_x,Incredible game. I beat Rare Characters on second try. Crashed a car on final mission. Forgot that they explode killing 2 out of four people. My Caveman got cornered into an igloo which makes sense. Then a random person that I did not custom with the worst stats and least focus. Somehow survives with the best shotgun and only 40 bullets and a useless pistol. I don't think it even said she had any perks or traits. I've been addicted and I am looking foward to updates. The RNG is fair and not absurd but difficult. I find it funny how a smaller game company can make a better game then ones with huge budgets. I give the game 8/10.
76561198398472550,Recommended,252610,34467521,Posted: 24 August,all,Fizz,good
76561198232308236,Recommended,252610,34473871,Posted: 24 August,all,Loading your face,"If you like an awesome but not too gory pixelated zombie game. Then buy this game. It's awesome! But disclaimer it may say multiplayer and it might kinda work multiplayer but its unplayable. The controls don't work, its awkward and it just sucks. so if you want multiplayer then you better be ready to try reeeeeeaaaaaaaaalllllll hard."
,Recommended,252610,35139183,Posted: 22 September,all,Epunk246,Easily one of my top ten games! I love the all of the choices and custom characters! It is so much fun!!!!
,Recommended,252610,35139266,Posted: 22 September,all,Catauro,I really like this game. However this game is one that you would more than likey play with friends when they come over to your house and get board or IF YOUR BOTH NERDS and get all the dumb referances that they make.
,Recommended,252610,35144175,Posted: 22 September,all,Jon873,"Every new game has the potential to ruin your day in different ways. Be it the horse who just neighs or a sudden zombie horde attack which kills you (custom character). It's just a pity that it's only two players multiplayer. I demand for 4 players multiplayer! Let me ""accidentally"" kill my friends!"
,Recommended,252610,35180188,Posted: 24 September,all,Silva,"This game becomes really really fun when you take the time to make your own characters and add in a ♥♥♥♥ ton of friends and family with traits. I wasn't impressed on the first playthrough and savescumming my way to finish was sucking the soul out of the game, it wasn't until I let go and allowed characters to die that this game truly came alive. The magic is in the stories you get out of it.Love this game. It's not for everyone and I'm surprised it has such a positive score, I thought a lot more people would hate it, but I guess a lot of folks figured out the magic is in the replayability of this game."
,Recommended,252610,35205133,Posted: 25 September,all,Rulez,A wonderful little game full of interesting characters. This game is great for people who love management games or like the old school style. It reminds me a lot of the Oregon trail games. The unpredictability makes each new game different and even more crazy than he last!
,Recommended,252610,31714480,Posted: 12 May,all,Initiatecrab934,"This is a great game it has humor,action,and great local co-op play. You should grab a friend for this one because some of the ""events"" are insane. Not to say it will be easy though it took me 27 tries to get a single victory. The game has many game modes including rare charecters more where you can  get famous, or wacky charecters including, Rick Grims or the game says ""Rick Rhymes"". other less notable mdes that explain themself are Short Road trip, Marathon mode, KAPPA mode or very hard mode are to note a few. Its a great game if you havent tried it give it a chance and if i'm wrong and you hate it just refund it."
76561198179459466,Recommended,252610,35230419,Posted: 26 September,all,philipstar1234567,"I Get exp for this...Other than that, this is a good game"
76561198021543878,Recommended,252610,35189175,Posted: 24 September,all,Heffla,"Spawned in the middle of 15 zombies, threw my grenades on my team because I couldn't see what I had equipped. 10/10 would play 10000 times again."
76561198192470249,Recommended,252610,29122350,Posted: 8 January,all,Balloonicorn,"-Be me on Marathon mode (30 driving days)-Recrutes Sumo Wrestler-Siege happens early on-Survives, with injuries-Stop for supplies-Leaves, ends up in trading camp-Loses all food for an uzi-Everyone in group gets mad because there's no food-Im♥♥♥♥ed.jpeg-Trapped in a factory-Everyone dies but Sumo-Sumo becomes zombo master-Recruits a mechanic, and a medic-No more gas and no more car-Tries to get car through tunnel- Rip mech and med-Sumo Remains-Gas guzzling truck, little gas-Gas runs out after another run-Robbed blind-No ammo for uzi-Final Trading camp-no food = no recruits-giveup.png-Sumo gets mad at himself because no food-Drives straight into horde-Zombo ammount: ""NO HOPE!!!!""-Rip Sumo :skele:-Rip DRTC, 2 days away from Canada11/10 would sumo again"
,Recommended,252610,34224864,Posted: 13 August,all,Popcorn Shrimp,"THIS GAME. THIS GAME, MAN. The premise of this game is that its like the Oregon trail meets a cheesy zombie survival movie. It lets you assign character perks to each character you create to give then different stats, oh did i say you can create your own characters, because you can. You can throw taylor swift and your best friend into the same story where random things will happen to your crew as your traveling to the zombie free safe haven of Canada. This is gives so much replay value for the price, (I've only scratched the surface on features). If you can find it on sale, grab it faster than super bowl tickets on game day."
,Recommended,252610,34219104,Posted: 13 August,all,kylecrackwhoredile,Very good
,Recommended,252610,34208087,Posted: 13 August,all,RedMonkey1993,love it i like that you can make a team and its funny to see a dog hold a gun keeps me busy
,Recommended,252610,34236322,Posted: 14 August,all,DiamondAxolotl,"Started way to Canada with friend. Entered machine, becayse strong and bald. Met two people. One kicked out. One joined, One joined. Found UFO and used as a car. Original friend enters other machine and becomes a dog. Everyone but last friend dies. Last friend goes to graveyard and shakes hand with the grim reaper. Has only one health maximum but is buff and fit. Dies in a corner. 7 days left to Canada. Mhmm, mhmm, checks out."
76561198177707323,Recommended,252610,34240051,Posted: 14 August,all,❤ Mann-lySpy ❤,"Death Road to Canada: YOU GOT THE CAN-DO ATTITUDE DON'T YA?Hello and welcome to the apocalypse. Canada is the safest and last nation left on earth, with nothing left while waiting around in Florida, you embark onTHE DEATH ROAD. Now, I haven't beat the game, but got so close that I might as well write a review. 10 Different gamemodes to survive and pass beyond your strengths and weaknesses, recruit weird people like L#NK or G#RF, or even Gordo. Tell people to ""Cool it!"" and may have a miracle happen. Try not to lose your car or your mind while driving onTHE DEATH ROAD. Amazing visuals and soundtrack to make you addicted to the music while being eaten alive by zombies! oh yeah there is also zombies. Trade, survive, and live while you try to make it to Canada! But, it can get pretty annoying making it all the way, then die at ""The City of Crushed Hopes and Dreams."" and just to die randomly, forcing you to start over and you can get pretty screwed by RNG. But after that the game is 8.2 - 9/10, worth the $15 or wait till the Fall or Winter Sale (as of the time of this review)"
,Recommended,252610,34269625,Posted: 15 August,all,MercilessEarth,"Outstanding game inspired by the likes of Oregon Trail. Imagine that combined with Dead Rising, combined with action RPG elements, challenging difficulty and almost endless replayability. For the price, there's no better buy on Steam. Death Road To Canada sucks you in and keeps you wanting to play just once more to see how your next journey will go. The ability to create yourself, your friends and family and take them out on the harrowing trip is an added bonus, and there are plenty of unlockables and quirky characters and events to discover. I would say this game is as close to perfect as you'll find on Steam. Could not recommend more, and would tell anyone to pick up and give it a try."
,Recommended,252610,34281347,Posted: 16 August,all,The 3 Kingdoms,I dont know what to call the people who dont have this game - Plebs!This is an fun game... Just get it if your reading this... 8/10
,Recommended,252610,34321010,Posted: 17 August,all,chardee,"I can't stop. Please send help.Seriously though, this is one of the best time killers I've come across. I could not recommend this game more. With as many updates that have been released, every playthrough feels like a fresh experience."
,Recommended,252610,34228025,Posted: 13 August,all,Wolvesfires,Good.
,Recommended,252610,34183226,Posted: 11 August,all,Fright Attendant,"I planned out my trip to Canada.After 40 games failing to reach the Maple Leaf State, I created two characters I thought would make the best combination for the long road ahead. I calculated their odds for survival based on skills and personality compabtibility, taking into account who they might meet on the way and how their morale would hold as a result.They died within the first four days.I was left with a ragtag group of three weirdos and a found dog named Bunny. Those three weirdos died on the road three days before reaching the border and I thought the game was over for sure. ""This is my 41st attempt,"" I thought, ""I'm never getting to ♥♥♥♥ing Canada!""That's when Bunny took the wheel of the sports car and continued driving to Canada with determination in her heart.She made it solo through 3 days of zombie sieges, bandit raids and an infested Canadian border using nothing but a hatchet and barks of rebellion.After crossing the border, the game informed me that Bunny happily lived out the rest of her days  barking at small creatures for no reason.This is one of the best games I've ever played in my life."
76561198127572234,Recommended,252610,34338650,Posted: 18 August,all,BrogLTD,"Death Road to Canada is a great show of Rocketcat's best. Incredible music, easy to master controls, and simple graphics create a game that one can sink multiple hours into.Disclaimer: This game is quite a difficult challange. While same may say it's too RNG based, one will find that certain choices depending on your certain situation will turn out better than others.  After a good amount of practice, you can find winning a piece of cake, and advancing to other gamemodes.Something I would also like to mention is the game is also a little insane, for example, my main character has gotten possesed, driven a large hotdog, and also morphed into a dog.All in all, I would highly suggest buying Death Road to Canada.P.S. Beware the Clown"
,Recommended,252610,34524298,Posted: 27 August,all,DrweamNetwork TTV,This game is especially fun when you put you and your friends through this B-rate horror film adventure to Canada. The situations that you will find yourself and your friends in is extremely hilarious.
,Recommended,252610,34483046,Posted: 25 August,all,John Salad,10/10 Bee's.
,Recommended,252610,34518983,Posted: 26 August,all,Jaena,"I've played a ridiclous amount of time on this game with people who come over. It makes you feel like you have real friends, haha. Buy the game. So worth it."
,Recommended,252610,34531807,Posted: 27 August,all,!GoatMan!,> Makes it to the final siege with 4 people> bomb blows up killing two of your party membersFeels bad man.
76561198155751035,Recommended,252610,34563314,Posted: 28 August,all,VampyBitMe,"try to start the car to get away from the somewhat small horde of zombies , didnt start the first time , try it again , and the damn car exploded, killed a teammate and a dog :3 God I love this game!!!!!!  :3 ibeaten it 6 times"
76561198135649680,Recommended,252610,34623799,Posted: 30 August,all,CHICKEN_HERO,"Do you like blowing the heads off zombies with shotguns , rifles and pistols? And playing as your friends family and random weirdos... well i hope so."
,Recommended,252610,34664102,Posted: 1 September,all,Lunar Feline,It's like Organ Trail if there was a stronger focus on the scavenging/minigame aspect and also you get to kill a bunch of zombies that have hair like Bernie Sanders.
76561198354734510,Recommended,252610,34666608,Posted: 1 September,all,sandstormag,"This game takes us back to the golden age of videogames, where story is less important, the pixels are heavily usedand most importantly:Its very, very hard.This is one of those games thatyou'd pick up one time and be like: ""TODAY MY CHACTERS SHALL MAKE IT TO CANADA!!!""one (too spoilery but hint: Japanimation) girl leveling your team faster than an atomic bomb later you'll play a different game for a while, but you'll get the felling, that TODAY YOU SHALL MAKE IT TO CANADA! half an hour later a (Spoiler) will give you terrible luck, 12 seconds later the zombie hoard quadruples in size and slays your entire group.Your adventure will be randomly generated, so be ready for ANYTHINNG!"
,Recommended,252610,34087191,Posted: 7 August,all,⬜ LockPic,"This game is worth the money:So i was playing the game and i WON and now i think i should tell you my review i know i might sound like IGN or something but here’s the game;(SPOILER ALERT!)So the game is that you hear stuff about canada being a safe place free of the threat of the zombies” this sounds like some kind of alternate universe one of the reasons why is suggest the game is that it has A LOT of replayability i mean A LOT, there is multiple citys, safe house, bar, the possibilities are ENDLESS you can go anywhere! When i first played this i just thought there was a random generator but NO check the updates and they all are made not even generated now thats effort for sure it’s not like one of those hardcore games (yes i am putting it into hardcore games) where it’s all there fault it’s one of those hardcore games where your like “NO! That’s all my fault!” it is sooo good i’ve been trying to win for 11 hours! And when i won i cried (don’t call me a crybaby please) I was so happy winning! But there is one bug in the game that i would like you to fix-when your at the end at the death road and at the wall it’s like the guessing game go on the right side if you want to win the left side just allows the zombies to chase you and the canadians are blocking your way and you just die… it’s so stupid i almost died on the last part of the death road because of that luckily one of the people on my team went on the other side i think i died because the canadian robot only appeared on one side so please update it so the canadian robot can appear on 2 sides (or was that just meant to happen ((that would just be mean if it was a yes..)) ) and if you think that’s all they have oooooooo no your SO wrong it has so many game modes like 12 game modes (i don’t know the names) but it you want the easy path if your just starting the game and you haven’t completed anything of the game go for the rare characters mode it’s so easy in the game but it could sometimes screw you up SO hard and also here's a tip:-if you have four characters and good weapons go for the deadly/packed yall-mart you might lose ½ people but it’s soooo worth it cause you can get over 30 foodand as funny as it seems i am in canada XDSo i hope you enjoy the game if you have it cause IT’S SO GOOD (oh and sorry if the grammar isn't 100%, deal with it…)"
,Recommended,252610,34670811,Posted: 1 September,all,Foxzen the Pyromancer,"When a zombie game meets pixel-art, supply managing and arcade-like gameplay! Death Road is up there on my favourites, and I really am glad that i bought it. Just about EVERYTHING is randomized at every attempt to reach Canada... do this alone, with strangers or with your friends! I remember my first 8 hours, constatly wondering about it... I really do recommend this for people of just about any age, and anyone who's fine with a few spooks. Character customisation - although limited - is a great part of the game, making it so you don't have to play as a randomized character!Overall, this game gets a 9.5/10. There are still a few things which could be made better, but appart from that, this game is perfect! Keep it up, devs!"
,Recommended,252610,32557199,Posted: 18 June,all,nice shades dude,"great, wacky zombie game thats kind of oregon trail but with more interaction and ZOMBIESamong other weird stuff lmaoi usually don't say that games are worth the prices they're sold at but damn this is completely worth 15 dollars"
76561198314823017,Recommended,252610,27768780,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MonkeyMan5004,great music+great gameplay+zombies=great game. 8/10
76561198031394701,Recommended,252610,34568696,Posted: 28 August,all,Willow Ufgood,"Really fun and humorous. I read someone compare this game to Oregon Trail in a zombie apocalypse and I think that's pretty accurate. Replays provide something new every time. Even 1 year later, devs continue to roll out additional weapons, situations, characters, etc. Controls are simple and XBox controller works well. 2 players feels more difficult because the AI is so good, but another player can help you pick up items faster. Only player 1 is able to enter new rooms though, but 2nd player automatically will follow.Highly recommended!"
76561198090969018,Recommended,252610,33086782,Posted: 1 July,all,Zap312,"This game is a fun game that is actually hard. On the very last seige I had 2 people with chainsaws and 3 with guns, but two still died. When I got to Canada me and my dog were holding off hundreds of zombies we got to to the border and I was afraid we would die, but the the Canadian Laser Death Robot came!(no actuall name for robot as far as I know) It took out all the zombies. I later learned my character, Carl, spent his whole life trying to elect my dog for Prime Minister.10/10"
76561198089949853,Recommended,252610,34724084,Posted: 3 September,all,pLasma,"I most certainly enjoyed my time with Death Road to Canada. The premise is fun, gameplay is enjoyable with a hint of unfairness on the higher difficulties that keeps things interesting and the situations the game employs never cease to amaze, even after a bit of repetition. Definiately one of my favorite indie games and would whole-heartedly recammend."
76561198165367641,Recommended,252610,34723551,Posted: 3 September,all,inscantu,"Ok, this is my first review on steam, so don't expect muchDeath Road to Canada is one of the best games I have ever played on steam. It has comedy (get irritating perk and spam usage), epic zombie splatting with a pretty big variety on weapons, skills that make keeping survivors alive very recommended, a huge variety of locations (along with rare locations with special loot/effects), 2 player local co-op, and 10 gamemodes to put it in a summary. A potato can run this game, and a potato can win this game. I honestly do not see the trouble people have, because the game only becomes borderline impossible by the last 4 gamemodes. Anyhow, the only reason to not buy the game is there is no online multiplayer. Besides that, 10/10 would get eaten alive again because I forgot to bring my chainsaw. If you go into the game though, a few pieces of advice:1. Set up custom characters, probably 1 to two dozen. They are MUCH better than random characters. This helps a lot with getting a balanced team!2. Don't forget your unlocks on the main screen! This becomes very important because you spend points for beating events on the long road to get better perks and traits3. Only take as many people/guns as you need! The more people you recruit, the more food you need, the less weapons/ammo you can buy at traders, and the more guns you bring to sieges/looting events, the less ammo you have, only use it when you need it or you will run out!4. You have to learn the basics of where good looting and bad looting are ingame, so try and try again! Be aware of how you are losing so you don't do the same thing over and over again5. Actually worry about skills! And I'd advise bringing a very strong/fit buddy with you."
76561198376988758,Recommended,252610,35380875,Posted: 1 October,all,ShadowWolf1205,"My expierience with DR2C:Start off with me and my best friend, Keegan,We find my doctor friend named Jack,Jack dies in the first siege,We find my brother Andrew in a trader camp,Andrew joins the party,We survive the sewers, and recruit a mechanic named Mason,Car breaks down, and we run to the next siege,Morale is low,Then we find a chainsaw at a trader camp,We survive final siege but Mason takes damage,We get to the border and zombies kill most of the guards,Mason and Andrew get swarmed by zombies and nearly die,Keegan gets lost in the flood of zombies,But then a robot appears and kills all the Zoms,Me and my 3 friends become honorary citizens of Canada, YAY"
76561198125523465,Recommended,252610,35361280,Posted: 30 September,all,WaterDude,"I am totally addicted to this game... It's replayibility is so amazing... It's just breathe-taking in every aspect... The humor is supprisingly funny for a family friendly game, the action can be so tense, in a good way... The music really pumps you up. The custom characters make for funny moments with your pals with it's 2 local player system.. It's just all in all a amazing game that i think everyone should give a shot with..."
76561198081229311,Recommended,252610,35483806,Posted: 4 October,all,shortboi,is fookin great
76561198347835200,Recommended,252610,35460793,Posted: 3 October,all,BBQ Mustache,This game is good for anyone one who wants a tough but fun rpg game with many twists on it and is funny and not incredibly serious. And I love the soundtrack and art of the game. So I reccomend this strongly to anyone.
76561197961324577,Recommended,252610,35459319,Posted: 3 October,all,Keeeet,Make your friends in the game then ditch them on the side of a highway. Hang out with bootleg elvis siphoning gas from behind 7-11's. Ramp a mustang over a crevasse and scavenge wally world for cans of corned beef hash while pelting enemies with shopping carts.The best of 2 player couch coop.
,Recommended,252610,35482534,Posted: 4 October,all,JThePilot,"my friendPunched a guy in the face, knocked him out, stole his stuffPunched a bear in the face it ran off scaredandScared a bunch of bandits making them flee"
76561198326305501,Recommended,252610,35483257,Posted: 4 October,all,Colton Oholley,i went to walmart yesterday and this black lady was looking at me like she wanted to kill me and i tried my best not to stare at her but she was ♥♥♥♥ing determined to make me uncomfortable and she suckseeded
,Not Recommended,252610,35506766,Posted: 5 October,all,Iraq Lobster,"I Like The Game, The mobile edition is good however the control scheme on this port is way to broken to even be fun. Love you rocketcat games just add a better control scheme"
