user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007218654,Recommended,252710,10823839,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gorger,"Released in 1997 during the final stages of the golden age of point-and-click adventures, the game was eventually a commercial failure and out of print nearly a year later. It was extremely expensive to make at the time, and a lot of effort was made to make it as historically authentic and convincing as possible. They even found an old abandoned Orient Express stowed away for 50+ years on a rail yard somewhere in Athens giving them first hand sources to make the legendary train come to life.The game itself in a nutshell is a murder mystery. You have received a telegram from your friend Tyler Whitney to meet him on the train to take a journey from Paris to Jerusalem, as he has found something that might interest him there. Unfortunately the protagonist misses the train thanks to unforeseen circumstances with the law, and the only thing Tyler is greeted with is patrolling police on the lookout. Still that doesn’t stop the protagonist from boarding the train thanks to a friend and her motorcycle. On board you are free to explore the train, but your first task is to reunite with your friend whom should be waiting in his compartment. As you open the door you are met his mutilated and clawed up body. Determined to find out what happened you hide his body, take his identity ready to seek out and find the killer of your friend.What makes this game so unique and not like anything you have ever previously played is how the whole game is played in real time. The clock is always ticking on the Orient Express and you have both passengers and crew going about their own things no matter if you’re there to catch them in the act or not. By making it this way you never feel like the game is tailor made for you. Just sitting in the smoking car eavesdropping as the passengers babble on might give you important information or clues to your case or impertinent discussions about anything 1914 related topics or just ordinary daily life stuff - which is still very interesting mind you thanks to some of the most realistic and deepest characters I’ve ever seen in a video game.  Never have I played a game with this level of historical authenticity, you are immediately immersed in this game and convinced that you are a passenger on the Orient Express on the eve of World War 1.Being in real time you will obviously miss tons clues, discussions, dialogue and events the first times playing it. Every time I come back to this game I always find new and undiscovered information. You are of course still able to rewind or fast forward the game at your leisure if you feel like experimenting with different routes. The game features a bunch of endings and only the most determined will make it all the way to Constantinople and find out the truth about the fate of his friend.I highly recommend this game for any fans of point-and-click adventures who wants to try something different. It contains a compelling story, excellent characters and great voice acting who all speaks in their natural language; may it be Russian, English, German, Serbian, Arabian or French. The graphics are cartoony, but very stylish – I think it fits great for this game. All the characters are based off real actors who were mo-capped into the game so it still contains a very realistic look despite having cartoony colours."
,Not Recommended,252710,11285758,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Andre,"The Last Express is a classic adventure game with a riveting story and brilliant atmosphere, it is perhaps my favourite story told in a mystery adventure rivalled only by some of the LucasArts classics.I've played through this game multiple times over the last decade and I always enjoy the experience, it's like watching an excellent mystery movie, with interesting narrative and likeable characters and conversations which stick with you even after the game concludes.However.DotEmu has sacrificed what made this game a 'must have' in any collection, marred the game play with tool tips and icons which ruin the atmosphere of the game.Sure, it plays in a higher resolution, and has compatibility with newer operating systems, but in the process DotEmu seem to have removed sound effect files such as the bustling wind from the carriage windows when they're opened.I know it seems silly to nitpick on such minor details, but these minor nuances are what made me fall in love with this game.Back on the subject of tool tips, the achievement icons that pop up in the middle of the screen when cinematic are playing.And these can't be turned off. Not at all.There is no option to turn off achievement or character bio/unlock popups, and they linger on-screen for up to 10 seconds.The inclusion of (but to merit the ability to disable) tutorials is an insult to this game. Sorry you had to take the time to write them into the game, sadly they don't scream ""GOLD EDITION"" when the original title was a test of wits and observation skills, rather than telling you that the person you needed to talk to was currently having breakfast and you should annoy them.I wouldn't recommend this VERSION of The Last Express solely that there are better, unadulterated versions available from other distributors, and simply put the term GOLD EDITION only exists because of a unlockables screen, which ultimately ruins the experience.If the above could be toggled on/off or even removed, or even a purist setting, which disables on-screen prompts and hints, I would instantly regard this as the best version of the game available."
76561197984558897,Recommended,252710,7767146,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Lassen,"The Last Express is in many ways a truly classic adventure game, with its inventory puzzles, escalating plot and tried-and-true interface. However, its extreme nonlinearity, the inclusion of violent scenes, and a sense of being what is in reality a completely timed game set it apart from standard pure adventure fare. Quite frankly, I haven't clenched my teeth this hard since 1994 when I was in labor with Mini Minnie! I also have not played one computer game for this many hours in a row in years. By the end of my train journey, poor Mini was penciling up signs for what she wanted and waving them beside my computer desk!Will the Orient Express make it to its final destination in Constantinople? How many passengers will live to see it? Will Robert Cath find a ""happily ever after romance,"" or will it be ""duty before cutie?"" You'll just have to buy your own first-class ticket and find out! The End"
,Not Recommended,252710,13338625,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,AV Archivist,"Note on my playtime: I keep the original version of this around at all times and have completed it over a dozen times over the years. I got this thinking it would be the same and I was sorely mistaken.Compare starting a new game in this to starting a new game in the original. Within 10sec of you getting in control you'll see how horrible this version is. Just find and play the original. There are no improvements to be had here and this version is a dog's breakfast of Facebook generation pop-up trash. This is one of my favourite games of all time. The -original- is a masterpiece and I -would- recommend everyone play that instead of this weaksauce, tooltip-filled ambiance-murdering piece of garbage.The original game had one of the simplest, most intuitive interfaces imaginable and it went hand it hand with a deeply immersive atmosphere and memorable story. How does the ""Gold Edition"" improve on this? Apparently by filling all four corners of the goddamn screen with bs tooltips, unwanted hints, permanent options/toggle buttons etc etc to the point that they may as well throw an ad banner on there. Then there's the constant bloody pop-ups and the stupid chapter intros. They've completely ruined the game. If you've played the original, this version is not playable.As far as the ""improved visuals"" go, there are none to be had. Seems they've just taken the original work and stretched it. Framerate is noticeably lower than the original during FMVs. They've cut out sections of the FMVs as well for no goddamn reason whatsoever.Just please, for the love of god, don't financially support this sort of dumbed-down ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of gameplay. This is an atrocity against the original masterpiece. Needs moar refund button."
,Recommended,252710,10411550,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,A fantastic adventure from Paris to Constantinopolis. A unique gameplay where every action count. Robert Cath's story on the  Orient Express can stop at every station. You will need to play it a few times if you want to know every detail about Tyler Whitney's plans and past. I never finished the game like it should when i was a kid so i'm really glad they made this Gold Edition.There's really nothing to dislike about this little gem. All i'm hoping is that Jordan Mechner will make a sequel/prequel so Smoking Car Productions rises back from their aches like afirebirdand make us a real adventure game. Not some mash button party.It's such a unique game. There's no reason not to buy it!
,Not Recommended,252710,17809433,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,McGarnagle,"I love this game.  One of my all time favorites.  This version is unfortunately broken.   Issues I've noticed in the first hour of playing are:  Missing sound effects and sounds that sound worse than the original somehow (open a window on a moving train and theres suddenly silence, all ambiet noise gone.  close the window and hear the train again) , Buggy cursor that wont change context (always stuck on left arrow or turn around for example), and also there are some strange resolution issues.Now even if all that were fixed I can't honestly say that the ""improvements"" add that much to the game.  It's pretty much the same game as before but with more (annoying) popups and hints.If you're looking to revisit this game or just now discovering it, know that this version is a mess and that 2 years after its release it still has a seriously amatuerish and  hacked together feel.  I guess it's fairly cheap though, so thats something...."
,Recommended,252710,10152772,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,NONMOOD,"What starts out as a murder mystery takes a sharp turn into a twisting tale of espionage, political intrigue, and danger in The Last Express, a mixture of Indiana Jones type adventure and Alfred Hitchcock storytelling in pre-war Europe. You are Robert Cath, a doctor-turned fugitive about to meet his old friend Tyler Whitney onboard the Orient Express. Upon opening your shared compartment, however, you find your friend has been murdered in a rather bloody fashion. To continue on the story of the game would spoil its magic. The Last Express features intuitive gameplay that is composed of mostly walking around the train, piecing together the lives of the people living on it. Your choices heavily impact the game, which is something that many games even today lack. You meet a prince, a Russian revolutionary, a German who appears to know you, and more witty and well written characters. There's no adventure game quite like it, especially now, and it's just damn good. Damn good."
76561198104120145,Recommended,252710,7818797,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,jd5team,"Really the best mystery game I have ever played. The graphics are not mind blowing but, artistic, I suppose. Its very simple stills animated together to look like movement combined with live action/animated movement. Really a great game for people interested in mystery. Very well done."
,Recommended,252710,10537300,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Matt,"One of the best games I ever played with unique mechanics, memorable characters and touching story which is also history lesson of a kind.A real gem!I'm really happy to finally see it on steam!"
,Recommended,252710,7882392,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,no,"Definitely something to be remembered. Has some very unique twists, especially how things revolve around the clock, and are in real time. For instance, train passangers will go to lunch at noon, spend the afternoons chatting, dining, then going to bed.It's replayable, since it's very easy to miss out on important things that you never knew happened, because you were not there when it occured. It also has plenty of endings.The only downside is that sometimes, you'll be running against two clocks, or not quite sure how do go about doing something. And there is also a portion of the game around the ""concert"", where the train turns into a sort of wasteland, but other than that, it's enjoyable and recommended.The movement system could use some tweaks, but remember that this is a game from 1997."
,Recommended,252710,15176689,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mizuno,"Let's get something out of the way: this is an amazing game, a delight for experienced adventure game players with an awesome, complex and rich story.HOWEVER.On this ""gold"" edition they completely ♥♥♥♥ed up the interface and they tried to dumb it down to a level that makes me twitch. Unsuccessfully - this will never ever be a game for casual gamers or the ""hey I feel like trying a point & click game"" kinda guy, no matter how much they destroy the game's atmosphere with their stupid tutorials, pop ups and help icons.In summary:I 100% RECOMMEND THIS EPIC AWESOME ONE-OF-A-KIND GAME. Plus 1%.I 0% RECOMMEND THIS RIDICULOUS GOLD EDITION. Don't support their views that they can make more money by ruining something that was never broken in the first place. You don't need the stupid achievements, you need to experience this amazing gaming and cinematic experience the way it was meant to be experienced!You will fall in love with it.- An old school nerd."
76561198017408182,Recommended,252710,7768660,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ang_fou,The best example of classic from the Golden Age of Adventure games.
,Recommended,252710,10029366,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TheGojiraGamer,"No wonder people say this is one of the greatest adventure games ever made. I'm tempted to agree with them.There's just two things I have to say: One, eat your heart out, Nancy Drew. and two, buy this game."
,Recommended,252710,10789422,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SunshineSlayer,"This game is and always has been fantastic.  Definitely play it if you haven't. It is a timeless classic.  However, DotEMU, the company that has done the Steam version has made some misteps - the menus, hud, and inventory are not as good as they used to be.  There were also a lot of little glitches throughout the game that were not present for me before, but nothing game killing  I was also disappointed to see that the closing credits have been axed. (those who played the original release know what I'm talking about.)The game itself though gets a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,252710,29958350,Posted: 16 February,all,Dr. Strangelove,"SummaryAn old cult classic that unfortunately flopped at box office. It's very unique for its time, features a pretty well-written story and memorable characters. I can definitely recommend this one if you don't mind playing games from the 1990s.Pros1. Story is pretty interesting and is supported by a ton of memorable characters.2. The setting is amazing, and the most astonishing is that many side-stories revolve around you, even without you.3. Graphics aged pretty well in my opinion, and while not perfect, look pretty nice.4. The game is stable and I haven't encountered any bugs during my gameplay.5. The game is really cheap, especially considering its value.Cons1. Some puzzles can be a bit odd, but that's a nitpick really."
,Not Recommended,252710,7844116,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Paul,"The game itself is amazing, but the unresponsive interface, lag and number of bugs (including a severe game-breaking bug that was carried over from the old version) make this edition very hard to recommend. Don't get this unless you need achievements."
,Recommended,252710,13398963,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pointnclickster,"Don't be fooled by my one hour play time. I owned this game first on GOG and have beaten it already...OK read on!What a game....where to begin? In my opinion, this is one of the definitive classic point and click adventure titles. Put it above LucasArts (I love Monkey Island too), this game has it all. Mystery, danger, romance, and intrigue. Some may be put off by the screen resolution, but that just adds to the reality of the game. You are on a train, so don't expect to play this fullscreen or widescreen mode. It will feel like being on a train. The graphics are definitely dated, but they go with the style of the game. It adds to the charm. I don't want to spoil the plot but it is definitely a cross between Agatha Christie and Alfred Hitchcock. The characters are all memorable, and the voice acting is never cheesy. It may interest you to know that for a lot of the shots, the actually filmed live actors doing the movie scenes and then computerized them to add the reality of the characters...I thought that was neat at least. The music is also a big character, great soundtrack. The moments in which you have to fight can be a bit awkward but luckily if you mess up, you can start right before the confrontation.  The pacing may be slow for some,  but it only starts slow so it get more exciting and complicated as the game goes along. There are multiple ways to achieve goals (not common in point and click) and there are multiple endings. Also, there are 100 ways to die in the game. Have fun achievement seekers! Overall, a great classic game that you will not want to stop playing until you reach the end. Then you may want to play it again..."
,Recommended,252710,12035254,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dr. Mircow,"The Last Express is, surprisingly, a unique point-and-click (P&C) adventure game in first-person perspective taking place on the Orient Express train, journeying from Paris to Constantinople in 1914; only a few days before the First World War starts. While it is an adventure in its own right, it combines genres such as murder mystery, suspense, romance and an Indiana Jones and Sherlock Holmes like adventure all together in one solid package.The story starts off with Robert Cath, a young multilingual American doctor, getting a telegram from an old friend, Tyler Whitney, about a recent discovery he made while Cath was retreated in Paris after a firefight involving Irish nationalist and British policemen. The proposition is to meet on board of the Orient Express going to Jerusalem, but just when Cath manages to get on board illegally (since he was followed by policemen), he soon discovers his friend was murdered in his own comportment. From this point on, the game begins as a simple murder mystery case, but the plot thickens as the story progresses. With Tyler gone, Cath takes Tyler’s identity throughout the journey as means of disguising himself, making his task of finding the murderer a lot easier and safer without anyone else knowing he actually died. This is where the game shines because it always provides something fresh and keeps the player invested in the plot. There is always an unexpected twist just around the corner, and you will eventually discover that everyone on board is not who they seem to be at first glance; a solid inceptive to find out what is actually going on. In fact, almost all characters are related to the main plot to an extent, like a big masquerade. Ultimately, from start to finish, this is one heck of a journey. Something big and eloborate is behind the plot and Tyler's death is only the catalyst. A memorable adventure throughout the 10-hour plot, at a normal pace.What is unique about The Last Express is the real-time simulation mechanism. Nearly all the events happen in real-time, giving the player a certain amount of time to complete tasks non-linearly on board of the train. These can range from talking to characters, eavesdropping conversations (which can provide invaluable information on characters’ backstories) and searching compartments for clues. Time does indeed pass in the Orient Express, with every single clock tick. Moreover, all the NPCs are excellently programmed as well, since they go about their own things in real-time, so there is always the possibility of missing out on their acts in any playthrough.It is correct to say that everything can be approached non-linearly within a time gap in the game. However, there is at least a certain point in the game which may require the player to do the specific tasks in an exact order since otherwise you end up to a dead-end due to a bug, I believe. In my case, avoiding any spoilers, I was supposed to put a certain briefcase (what is in the briefcase is for you to find out) which I retrieved in my own comportment but due to the chronological order I approached things, the briefcase would always disappear from my inventory when I was entering the comportment. Nonetheless, the simulation is nothing I have ever seen in an adventure game before and it is entirely functional and, yes, revolutionaly.And this leads to another interesting thing which is the number of possible “deaths” the game can offer. Since tasks are meant to be done in a certain time gap, failing to accomplish them can result in different outcomes ranging from simply being killed to getting arrested (in different circumstances). Most of these trigger when you are too late since time never stops. For instance, at the start of the game, you have to find Tyler before anyone else on the train, otherwise they will find the corpse and stop the train to check every passenger on board, ultimately discovering that you do not have a ticket, leading to your actual identity. Thus, in a way, it is rather interesting to see the different ways you can “die” and increases the tension without actually being a frustrating experience. There is almost never that feeling that you are running out of time, forcing you to rush. How come?Well, even if you die or made a mistake, The Last Express features a functional and unique Rewind button which always you to go back to whatever point in time you want. This way, you can approach things differently without getting the game-over screen. It works like a save file, albeit much more immersive. In reality, it works like in Prince of Persian (2003), but instead of seconds it can range from minutes to hours. And this is not a surprise since the same person who designed Prince of Persia also designed The Last Express, so the similarities can be spotted in this rewind feature.The bottom line is that the player can take different paths in the game, leading to different final endings. Thus, chances are no two people will play the same game, increasing the replay value. For example, without any major spoilers again, there is a point in the game where you can either run away with the briefcase or hand it back.The puzzles are definitely not hard to solve and the hint system in the Gold Edition is useful if the player ever gets stuck. In general, the puzzles are adequate but hardly a strong point of the game. Not because there are poorly implemented or illogical, but because they are less memorable. Actually, there are not that many puzzles in the game in the traditional sense of combining inventory items and placing them on things to see what happens. If applicable, the puzzles are mostly of “be there, at the right time” for the event to trigger.While The Last Express shines brightly as an adventure game with a great plot and believable characters, it is visually outdated by today’s standards and did not age well. While the character drawings are acceptable, it might put off a number of people used to more realistic 3D graphics by how pixelated they look. Since the game back then (in 1997) used up 3-CDs, it can be clearly noticed that the developers had to compromise in the animation department to save up space. For example, travelling in the game is more or less static, along with the cutscenes. But bearing in mind the circumstances, being a 17-old game at the time of writing this, I strongly believe it does not break the overall immersion and spark if you accept the fact that the game is old. In fact, it might have been a great looking game back in 1997 on the 640x480 resolution monitors given that the developers tried creating characters which look more human than some cartoony sprites like in other old P&C adventure games. I respect that. Also, there are some fighting scenes with required QTEs which can be frustrating at times though. Lastly, one last grip might be the advertised length of the game. On Steam, it says the plot lasts more than 20-hours, however myself and other people completed it around 10-hours. While it is still a relatively lengthy game, especially for when it was originally released, I personally felt a bit disappointed by that because I always had the impression that there would be more stories to tell by the time you arrive in Constantinople.Conclusively, as an adventure game, despite being visually outdated due to its old technology, The Last Express is an amazing game and a true masterpiece. It has everything: a great branched plot with many twists, well-written and voiced cast of characters, realistic circumstances with a choice-and-consequence mentality, and most importantly a unique and revolutionary real-time simulation mechanism to advance the plot. Easily one of the best adventure games ever made. If only the visuals were to be remastered accordingly, I would easily see this game wiping the floor with most other similar games out there, new or old. And to hear that the game flopped commercially at launch, it breaks my heart!"
,Recommended,252710,10704790,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SamuelT,"Ah the last express! A masterpiece when it came out, hundred years ago... But it kind of still is a masterpiece, and now it looks like a real peace of antique art. It does have something great to offer though, if you can see past the technical aspects.You are on the last voyage of the famous train the oriental express, just before the first world war breaks out. You arrive on the train just after the departure, finding out your friend has been murdered. Slowly you learn about the passengers and their complex stories and motivations, who all seem to intertwined. You really feel the tension of the situation and the looming war. It is a great murder mystery that you would snuggle up with in your sofa, but this time, you are really there, seeing and experience the train as the main hero.Well, sort of. Due to restrictions of computers back then, scenes are more like gifs with few colors. I think the whole game was filmed, and then more than half of the frames had to be taken out in order to run well and save space.But the style, and especially the colors work in favor of the game. It reminds of how commercial posters were designed at the time. The characters and writing is well done. It is particularly refreshing that people speak their languages, instead of everything being in English. Your character knows a few languages, and in those cases, subtitles are provided.This is one of those games that made me interested in gaming: a chance to participate in a movie, an event that you have dreamed to be a part of. The whole idea of not just watching a murder mystery happening on this beautiful train, but to actually be the hero was what really drew me in.What really makes this title even more special is that all passengers have a deeper story that happens with or without you. Instead of just running down a corridor, while a normal game would feed you events in specific order, in this game you can explore the train at your own leisure. You listen to people in order to understand their motivations and backgrounds. All the passengers have their own agenda and the game feels alive. Great AI considering when this game was developed (1997).  You have to behave, think and act like you were really on the train. You have to think: ""What would they do now? Where are they now? How can I get to them?  What are the consequences?""  It is not about just finding objects and pulling levels. Also, you could argue there are multiple endings. In my mind there is only one good ending, but then you can end the game in other ways as well.The game has a nice chapter system, and instead of saving, the story has ""time"". You can rewind the clock if you mess up.The game is also not trying too hard to entertain you constantly with music and fantastic events. You are on a train, that behaves like a train. People behave like passengers from the time. But it is not boring at all, there is a real mystery going on of course. I for example love it how you can choose to interact with your romance interest. What would you do in real life?So what is not so good about the game?Well, the game is a sort of a port, because the original would not work on today's PCs. It is quite buggy. It crashed a few times, and the language files don't work as I write this. No matter what you select in the menus, the game will set the language to whatever your OS language is. There is a hint system included, which is both good and bad. It is good because the game does not behave like a normal game, and there is no hand holding, which can be confusing. Some help might be welcome. It is bad because you can just look at all the hints and the game offers no challenge what so ever. I recommend you don't use the hints, and just rewind the time if you mess up, it makes you interact more with the game like you are there. There are some quick time events. Not too many thank God, but they are not forgiving and some of them you end up doing 20 times before you win.And, this title is not for everybody. This is a great old piece of art which really focuses on atmosphere, immersion and story. It is not a ""gamey"" game which feeds you constantly in fear of you being bored. You have to assume what to do yourself. It is more of an interactive story, and I think younger players are not going to dig it very much. It has nothing of what newer games provide (of course).I'm not pushing the ""older games were better"" cliché, because it isn't true. But I miss these kinds of elements this game offer  in newer games. I would love it if someone did a reboot on this one, with today's technology. Or if there were more games like this where you are in a specific situation with developed NPCs, where the game assume you are not a complete idiot.Recommended."
76561198159865004,Recommended,252710,28983491,Posted: 3 January,all,netasmail,"No doubt this game is special.This is the second time playing this game after several years.I really love the art direction, the story and the real time mechanism worked wonderfully.It wasn't hard for me to get around in the train.The music and atmosphere are great.The inventory was a little hard to use, wasn't coherent enough.Also, the hints were giving a little too much, too early for the point in the game,but they do save you from being stuck and frustrated.It's a gem"
76561197989008307,Recommended,252710,7811144,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Juanluke,"Legendary game from 1997!REAL-TIME adventure: while you are in a train car doing something, you could be missing a conversation taking place elsewhere in the train...It makes you feel like you are a real detective.A sweet jewel, I wish we could enjoy more games like this nowadays...Let's see if you can reach Constantinopla :-)"
,Recommended,252710,11219640,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,𝔂𝓾𝓷𝓰 robbi rotten 😏👌,The only thing i disliked about this game are the controls as they are a little outdated but overall its not that big of a problem and you get used it quickly.I found myself intrigued by the characters throughout the game always wondering what else i could discover about them and how they may be related to the situation at hand. The game is played in real time and there are many different endings to the game which make it fun to keep rewinding and tackling situations from different angles to see what the outcome may be.This was my first point and click adventure game and i really liked it!
76561198041639309,Recommended,252710,11775197,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,crelledge,"If you like point-and-click noir-style adventure games, then this one might be worth checking out. It was made in 1997, but as i was playing I found I didn't notice that fact as much as I thought I would. I think it's the combination of the unique art style and the solid voice acting that drew me into the story and distracted from any graphical shortcomings. The gameplay stands up on its own as well, and though the clicking system can be a bit clunky at times, overall it's a fine interface once you get used to it.Another strong point of this game is the cast of characters. Over the course of the journey, you come to know each of your fellow travellers and have to piece together the mystery that, as you proceed, you realize everyone else has a hand in as well. Despite the fact that the characters all come from different backgrounds, for the most part the tired stereotypes are avoided inasmuch as they can be in this style of noir investigation. If the game doesn't create all new archetypes, then it fulfills the existing ones very well.Overall I'd say this is worth the asking price, as it will probably occupy a good 3-4 nights of gameplay for the casual gamer, all while offering a new perspective and a rather unique gameplay experience, the likes of which are rarely seen in titles today."
,Recommended,252710,13304825,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Geri Halliwell,"The plot and the setting of World War I are really good. Knowing how much work has done to make this project force you to respect this game. The characters are remembering, and they are talking their native languages - this is a good finding for linguists. And I can't say anything good about interface, controls and screen aspect ratio. These aspects of the game made me cry so much that I'm really happy having beat this game like I never was before. Anyway this is a very good game still."
,Recommended,252710,24517757,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Goldi! Goldi! Goldi!,"This is a classic adventure game first released in 1997. It was very ambitious by its time and remains so twenty years later. The game is set on the legendary Orient Express in the wake of the Great War, meaning you will encounter many different nationals on their journey across Europe, all with their own missions, motives, and intrigues. They also speak their native  languages (subtitled), adding to the immersion. The selling point is that the complete game is set in real time, meaning time flows continuosly and events unfold with or without player interference. Don't worry though, as time can be rewinded allowing players to adjust their actions. While there are numerous ways to die, there is not always one definite solution either. The game has aged acceptably due to the motion-captured toon style. Regardless of whether you are interested in videogame history, or simply want to enjoy a good story: give this a try."
,Recommended,252710,10813312,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Officer K,This game is the best.A mystery on a train with genuine characters and a great plot.Makes most triple-A $60 games look like the overdone nonsense they are.
,Recommended,252710,15759914,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,novurdim,"A game that feels ""fresh"" even almost 20 years later thanks to the real-time mechanics and an evocative story about the society on a brink of World War I. The setting is brilliantly detailed and Cath's misadventures are interesting enough to follow even if you (like me) won't care much for the erratic love story or will have troubles accepting a pretty absurd conclusion to the main murder mystery. Everything is more about that stunning atmosphere than an actual story. I'd like to specifically point out an amazing work with the voice acting, when despite a game's crazy language diversity, every actor is a native speaker. It adds a lot to the overall experience.With the release of this ""Gold Edition"" and its hint system The Last Express can now actually be enjoyed even by those who are not prone to hours of aimless wondering. TLE is closer to the modern walk-and-talk approach and doesn't feature any obscure puzzles, but the problem is that an original game gave you little to no direction, betting almost everything on the timely and lucky eavesdropping. So you may just walk in circles for a while, not realising that you've missed a key event and need to rewind the time. Some may argue that it was a part of the special charm and added to the immersion, but it clearly averted quite a few less hardcore lurkers from the experience. Still while I wholly support the inclusion of the hint system itself, in the reality it has been added in a rather... ugly way, seriously damaging game's aesthetics. Sometimes it almost feels like you are playing some sketchy shareware hidden object game.The Last Express deserves to be played even if only as an example of probably the most ambitious adventure game of the late 90-s. Especially since now it's a lot more accessible to the not so dedicated gamers. Just live through the tasteless design decisions that followed with the Gold Edition.3.5/5PS:I really wonder what would happen in the end if I didn't find that random beetle. Would the intended finale simply become unattainable? Would I never be able to hunt people with my glorious жар-птица? =/"
76561198077145145,Recommended,252710,11324690,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,rivenjen,"As a fan of adventure point-and-click games, I decided to take a risk and buy The Last Express to see if it actually lived up to all of its hype.The short answer? Yes. Yes, it absolutely did. Buy this game. NOW.Weirdly enough, I almost stopped playing this game after the initial five minutes. My one  caveat to anyone playing this game is to expect a very narrow game screen. After playing (and being spoiled by) modern games that fill up my entire computer screen, I was surprised and temporarily frustrated by narrow gaming window (can't remember the name for it, but basically black bars on either side of the screeen with the game ""window"" in the middle). While this screen does open up for cutscenes and certain areas, if you give the format a chance, you'll be used to it in no time. After about 15-20min, I got my bearings and roughly knew the layout of the train, as well as important functions like looking around.Unlike the vast majority of games out there, The Last Express is in real time, so conversations don't wait, people move around, and important events may unfold regardless of your presence, which often lead to a very abrupt end. Not to worry though; the game has a handy ""Rewind"" button which allows you to go back before your mistake, so the ends aren't that problematic and occasionaly are even funny. As such, you are immersed into a living, breathing world set just before World War I, where every moment contains actions and dialogue that can be caught or missed. If you turned left during one playthrough, turn right during the next, and so on; you never know what you will find or overhear! As far replay-value goes, The Last Express is a gem: the script for the game was apparently over 800 pages long.You play fugitive Robert Cath who has managed to get on to the Orient Express at the behest of his friend Tyler Whitney. On board, you go find to find Whitney, and are quickly swept up into an engrossing tangle of murder, political intrigue, covert operations, and even a bit of romance. I'll be honest, I didn't expect to become so invested in the story, and there's no two ways about it, chances are you will (unneccesarily) rush through your first run because of the inital pressure of real time (turns out, you can actually do and explore a lot more than you think), but by the end, you will be right there with the characters as plots intertwine, secrets are revealed, and the world stands on the brink of World War I. By the time the credits roll, you'll want to start it all over again."
,Recommended,252710,11425010,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,MikeUFC,"I keep travelling back to the old school and the next stop is ""The Last Express"", an adventure game by Jordan Mechner, who is most famous for creating the original Prince of Persia. In ""The Last Express"" you play a man who answers the call after recieving a telegram from a friend who is bound for Istanbul on the famed Orient Express train. That's as far as I'm going plotwise because it would be doing a disservice to future players because it's one of the best things about this game. It's like a historical spy adventure murder mystery with some romance thrown in. The story, voice acting and music are all top notch. The graphics are ""rotoscoped"" and are early examples of all that sensor wearing/green screen technology so common in movie making today and they work very well. Another thing of note is that the game runs (mostly) in real time. The passengers will go about their business so if you miss something, you'll really miss it. However you do get a lifeline with a ""rewind time"" mechanic which allows you to run back the clock. It's pretty helpful when you make a bad decision. Unfortunately you will do quite a bit of wandering waiting for the next action to occur and the train isn't terribly big but you will know the layout very well by the end.  Some of the QTEs are somewhat wonky but you get used to them fairly quickly.  If you're an ADD type player looking for quick satisfaction, then you may want to look elsewhere. But if you savor slow burn, plot driven games where you take your time then this is for you.  The story gets a 10/10 from me. Overall an 8/10 though."
76561198014798428,Recommended,252710,13289349,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,nik69,"This is truly one of the best games ever made.  The sound is phenomenal (play with headphones on!) and the atmosphere is practically unrivalled.  I've purchased this game 3 times now--the original for the PC, for my Android tablet, and now a version that can run on modern Windows.I know my way through now since I've played so many times, and the experience is why I keep coming back.  I wish Jordan would make a sequel.  This game truly deserves it. This game was created when PC games were intelligent and true all-encompassing experiences, not just console ports.My advice when playing this game--take your time and soak up the atmosphere.  You won't find another game like it."
,Recommended,252710,12407462,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Elder Gias,There are many paths to a good game. This game found its path by taking a realistic approach to an intriguing story. Beautiful atmosphere.  Interested in reading more?  Check out the full review here:http://www.thecareandfeedingofnerds.com/2014/10/guest-post-last-express-gold-edition.html
,Recommended,252710,22076185,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,heybabyxxx,"I haven't played the original game, so I can't compare it with the Gold Edition. I've read people saying that the game was dumbed-down, but it still can be hard. Even after reading all the documents and eavesdropping on several characters, at some points it's difficult to figure out what you have to do, so I had to use a walkthrough on the few times I was stuck.This is a point and click adventure, but very different from the classic mold by LucasArts. You move around Myst style, but it's on real time, so you have to perform all the required tasks running against the clock. If you fail (and there are several bad endings), you can rewind and try again. Sometimes, you have to backtrack quite a lot.I liked the graphics and rotoscope animations. The writing and the actors are also very good. Felt a little claustrophobic to be on the train the whole game, but the set is peopled with several interesting characters, even if they're not really important to the plot, like the lesbian couple, the family with the kid and the eunuch with the harem.Aside from exploration and solving of puzzles (not really difficult; the inventory is very small), there are several fights, in which you have to be quick to dodge and attack; the last one of these was really hard, I think I had to play it about 30 times to advance! (Catching the beetlewas also a pain.)It was an interesting game, but not the most exciting or unforgettable I ever played. I finished it in a little over 8 hours, with 2 of the 15 achievements left. I recommend it with caution, because I think it's not everybody's cup of tea."
,Recommended,252710,8935490,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Exsul Aeger,"Truly, a beautiful game that may probably be even considered a piece of art. It may not be perfect in some departments, it may not boast fancy graphics, stellar animations and whatnot, but the amount of love and life put into the game by its creators is simply enormous, much more than into any AAA-title. This makes it a worthwhile purchase, especially for those who enjoy point-and-click adventures."
76561198086567923,Recommended,252710,10172369,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,R0kkan,"The combination of point&click and time pressure is quite unique. The interface is tough at the beginning, I kept loosing my orientation, but you get hooked very soon and get used to the very oldfashioned but somehow vivid design. After some short time, I loved it, and couldnt stop.It's like reading a book, the longer you play, the more you get sucked in and your fantasy will keep filling the descriptional and visual gaps, letting you live in and focus on the story alone. And thats quite necessary, as I had to take many notes to keep up. You will need to be at certain time at certain places for not missing out on someone or something."
76561197976993483,Recommended,252710,11282227,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kim Jong Crusher!{PoopDragon},"By far... One of the best games I have never been able to finish. I've purchased this twice on cd-rom, again on android, and now again on steam."
76561197970983403,Recommended,252710,10820860,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,killingyouguy,"My favourite adventure game ever (and I've played 'em all). It is such a shame that this game is so little known and was not a commercial success upon release. I can only imagine the successors we might have been treated to.You're solving a murder mystery on the eve of the First World War, confined to an oppulent train filled with an array of suspects representative of all the various factions and ideologies of the period. Being a history buff and a mystery lover, I was in heaven! There are some puzzles, there is some point & click, but the main puzzle of The Last Express is the train; the train, its passengers and their various (often conflicting) relationships, motivations & desires. You'll spend the whole game trying to figure it out. Brilliant."
,Recommended,252710,11393691,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,gordonfreeman01,"This is one of the best adventure games of all time, sure you've probably heard this many many times, but when a game experience is so polished that it shines almost 20 years after release and offers a setting, pace and gameplay flow that is still unique (not unparalleled or unrivalled, there is literally no game like this before or since) after all this time you know there's a gem right here. Great characters, great art (so what if it's a bit pixelated) and music along with a gripping story and a true detective-style gameplay all come together beautifully, highly recommended!"
76561197995064190,Recommended,252710,12294702,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Galbraith,"This game is unique, interesting, and well-written. It is also somewhat buggy, so be warned. The game is perfectly playable if you don't mind infrequent crashes, and audio glitches."
,Recommended,252710,13292237,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Ghost,"Love these old school point and clicks mystery, murder and espionage around every corner excellent"
76561198057474484,Recommended,252710,9883214,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,rhynochotel,"Interesting, detailed and unique. One of the best adventure games out there in my opinion."
,Recommended,252710,10088987,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,murr,A unique experience in adventure gaming. I would wholeheartedly recommend it to any intellectual gamer interested in history.
,Recommended,252710,11567397,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"When you think about how long ago this game was made it really is a classic. Some of the things that take place are far ahead of there time and really worth your time if you are interested in where it all started. I was amazed by how alive the world is and the voice acting is still some of the best I have ever come across in any videogame thus far.A true love letter to all the great adventure movies from back in the day. This game is by far one of the best point and click games money can buy, despite the aged graphics and animations. If you are a lover of adventure games, this is a must own title from one of videogames legandary  creators. I got this on sale and maybe that is why I am over the moon about it, yet if you are a point and click gamer, this is still a no brainer.The story is well written and keeps a nice pace from start to finish. The voice acting really does shine and has to be the best part about the game. It is as if you are watching a film sometimes and every now and the game just looks amazing for when it was made. The world around you functions without you having to set all the events into motion. The way things play out is very entertaining and you are rewarded for searching the entire train.There are a few bugs here and there for windows that you might notice. These are not at all gamebreakers, just a bit annoying. Your character from time to time will get stuck in an action, for example you might move too many paces ahead of yourself and have to turn around. Also, the icons to move and interact with things get mixed up from time to time. These bugs can be fixed with a quick reload and don't happen often enough to destroy the fun.If you are a lover of the classics and have some money to throw at this gem, then do just that. It won't let you down unless you allow the age of the animation and graphics bother you the entire time. Everything you need to get invested into a story is right here. Enjoy your adventure."
76561198011790923,Recommended,252710,10111786,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,welshman5,Really cool point and click adventure. If only games focused on this type of gameplay today...
,Recommended,252710,13418625,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Vyse777,"""The world is changing and one does need to choose sides, and sometimes things change so fast that its hard to tell one side from the other. """
76561198103346917,Recommended,252710,20251324,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,xmaster13ag,Good classic quest in real time. IN REAL TIME!8/10
76561197984324400,Recommended,252710,30808197,Posted: 28 March,all,SonOfThunder,"The setting, the gameplay, the atmosphere, the story, the animation...everything about this game is unique. It confidently defies so many genre conventions.In most adventure games, the passage of time is either non-existent, or at best awkwardly driven by player actions. Characters exist only to interact with you, and nothing happens until you make it happen. But in The Last Express, this whole concept is out the window (along with a few other things).The passage of time is the backbone of this game. Time within the game world flows along with or without you, as do the other characters. They go about their business, moving around, doign things, and having conversations, whether you're there to witness it or not. This really adds to the immersion factor, and gives everything you do a feeling of importance and urgency. There are specific windows of time for you to see, hear, and do certain things. And one wrong move or missed opportunity can, and often will, lead to death.This is balanced by your ability to rewind time. The game will put you back on track (as it were), and it's up to you to learn from your mistakes and figure out how to avoid the same fate. The game pressures you the whole way to solve its mysteries, without feeling punishing.This game is a masterpiece. Some will find it confusing and frustrating, but the gold edition makes it a little more accessible to the casual adventurer. Treat yourself to a unique experience."
,Recommended,252710,8558922,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Spüdley,"A very good point-and-click mystery game.  Yeah the animations are clunky but it was made in '97 so what do you expect?  However, even now the animations amaze me.  The voices are in great quality considering the time.  I played the physical copy many years ago and I have a copy, but it wouldn't work on my computer.  Also, it's pretty linear, but the game takes place on a train.  Could not recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,252710,11354442,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ynto,"Rating: 5/10Well, it's without any doubts very interesting detective/action point'n'click adventure, with great not quite linear story (they are some multiple solutions through the whole game) and I understand the high overall ratings, but I just can't get into that ""unique"" laggy animations. I found the clicking ale walking through the train really annoying, not mentioning that absurd fight sequences. Nevertheless, you should definitely try out this game for yourself, you might enjoy it."
76561198028478986,Recommended,252710,8148342,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Evil Genius,Great game. Atmospheric. Immersive. Proper hints system. Cool story. Pacy - apart from the tedious unskippable concert in the middle. A bit confusing at first. Can become unwinnable if item is missed. Overall well worth playing though.
,Recommended,252710,9749595,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Pickler,demon game took over computer
76561198081877851,Recommended,252710,12453522,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,GarenBlackwing,Favorite Pc Game ever. Since i was 6 lol
,Not Recommended,252710,28286042,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,alison,"I really wanted to like this game, because one of my favorite ""new"" games was heavily inspired by it (CONSORTIUM), but it's just too dated. I have played adventure games since the 80s when they were all text, so it's not that I can't deal with poor (or no) graphics, but this is seriously janky. I love the idea of a real-time adventure game, i love the setting of the Orient Express, but the controls of this game are incredibly awkward, and the movement is some kind of Bard's Tale (the original) right angle 3D stuff... It looks fine in screenshots, but as soon as you start moving it's just a mess. I know this is one of the most acclaimed adventure games ever made, but unless you've been in a coma for the last 20 years you are going to need a lot of patience to get through the janky interface. Personally, i don't have the patience - not when there are so many other amazing adventure games coming out these days."
76561197971877162,Recommended,252710,7716059,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Asses of Fire,If you grew up loving games like Myst and Riven then you will adore this 90's classic.
,Recommended,252710,7715324,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Deihunt,The best quest ever
,Recommended,252710,10021632,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,tomcasey,"If you're new to adventure games or never found yourself too interested in them, this is probably the best adventure game you'll ever play and it's very different from most other games in the genre. The game puts you on a small train with an infinite variety of paths to take. The controls are very simple. Everything is in real time, so you can play through the game more than once and discover multiple different endings. You can even finish the game and then rewind time back to a certain point. You can truly experiement with how you perceive the story.Most of the achievments are easy to accomplish, except for the 101 ways to die. This mainly because there are many, many ways to fail in this game. This doesn't mean the game is unreasonably hard, it just means that getting this achievment is very hard and few have done it.This game is currently on sale, and it will most likely give you around 8 to 10 hours of lots of fun. I recommend playing it WITHOUT a walkthrough because the puzzles aren't very challenging and the story is very fun to experience without any spoilers in your head. With a game this good on sale, this is definitely worth the purchase."
76561198025743719,Recommended,252710,11302870,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lord Admiral Sloshmud,Fun game that really got you thinking.
,Recommended,252710,10511996,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,This game is cool. It is more like a moving comic than a detailed game. But the game is fun because time is always ticking and the stuff you do impact what happens later on. I did complete this game after a few tries. When you realise in the future you have missed something in the past you can rewind time and do it which changes the game when you reach where you were before. If you enjoy puzzle adventure games you need to play this.
76561198023246499,Recommended,252710,11282256,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,JabRightHook,"Retro, World War 1, adventure- what more does one need?"
,Recommended,252710,11514015,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,daniel.jozsef,"It is a wonderful game, a great shame that it wasn't a success when it was new. I absolutely recommend it to anyone who enjoys classic adventure and mystery games, especially the fans of historical settings. And I have to say, re-released on the centennary of World War I, this game is current as ever.There are a few minor caveats though, that I need to mention...First, the control scheme is extremely unusual, and not very intuitive, especially if you are used to point-and-click games. It definitely takes getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, you won't even notice this.Second, the Windows version at least seems to be somewhat buggy - I have ran into a few crashes, peculiar slowdowns and speedups, and action icons getting mixed up randomly (like ""turn around"" being shown instead of ""go forward"", or having an item icon stuck as your ""interact"" icon, even after you've disposed of the item...)Third, there are a few genuine design glitches, especially surrounding the artifact missing from Tyler Whitney's compartment. It is nothing major, but it's definitely something that the creators, or the remastering team could really have tackled better."
,Recommended,252710,10069202,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,IrkenLurker,"I've worked with a man who helped to develop and produce this game. Some comments I've received are the advanced forethought went into the real-time experience, which creates a near individualized experience with each gameplay, similiar to Silent Hill. I've also been told of the time and effort went into the filming of the reference work for the art in the game, there's much to be said of the character's emotions and personality because of this. Lastly, I'd like to express my feelings for the burning turd productions which created the game. If Jordan Mechner receives even more royalty because of games like this, is it no different than the movie, television, fashion, and music creators who feed capitalism without obvious benefit to society? Is there any meaning to producing media for the contentment of people if there's still needs to be met on the lawns of the other side? Regardless, adventure allows many to divulge into greater aspects of life, teaching themselves to appreciate so much more by the end. Now we can hope Prince of Persia sells more copies, it would inevitably help the plumber who isn't eating mushrooms and stepping on turtles. Now back to exploration of a life not necessarily scripted..."
,Not Recommended,252710,16114501,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,J3kylll,"Couldn't really get into this game although if I had the patience to start over I might of enjoyed it enough to finish it.Great graphics, kind of abstract. But if you miss anything or do something in the wrong order, it's hard to catch up and/or progress effectively through the story.Good for people with a high attention to detail and who can figure out what path to take in a short period of time, just not for me personally.If I hear the conductor tell me I'm at the wrong room again I might cry."
76561198007702090,Recommended,252710,32749145,Posted: 24 June,all,jcalof,"Did not correctly work on my mac i kept getting a black screen at startup or I was not playing it properly and forgot what im supposed to click, but i loved this game on my old macintosh. That is why I recommend the game too bad it's not working well.I am running OS 10.12.5 so not sure of the requirments are."
76561198136972048,Not Recommended,252710,11742185,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SolLunaAme,"**minor spoilers for the beginning of the game ** This game has a lot of positive reviews, and I must admit there are some interesting and unique aspects to it, but I cannot recommend it unless you get it extremely on sale and are very curious. This is supposed to be a point and click adventure game where you are tasked to solve a mystery, but what I found while playing it was that you wandered around trying to find things to click on while hoping that said things didn’t suddenly and inexplicably end the game for you. This happens a lot. “Oh, that’s the E-break to stop the train? Guess I should have left that alone, but it was so shiny and clickable!”The animation style is unique and it might appeal to some people. It looks old-fashioned, and since the game is set on the Orient Express, that’s probably on purpose. The gameplay consists of wandering around the same five or six locations while trying to “catch” people in conversation to further the plot, or sometimes people simply show up and talk to you. Often times I felt like I performed an action and had no idea why until the game explained it to me. For example, very early on in the game you come across a dead body. You have no idea who it is but the only thing you seem to be able to do with it is throw it out the window. If you do nothing, the game ends on your failure to act so I threw the body out the window and wondered what the heck was going on. Later on, the game finally told me who that was and why I threw him.  I don’t feel like I’m actively solving a mystery when the game has to explain to me why and what I did after I already did it.As I said, some people might enjoy this game. It’s a bit of a curiosity and it’s not a bad game per-say, but I could not enjoy it because I didn’t feel like I was solving a murder mystery (especially when I threw the body out the window)."
,Not Recommended,252710,11631582,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MrEricSir,"Seemsl ike an interesting game, but this port is terrible!  It crashes every five minutes or so rendering it unplayable.  Stay away."
76561198073445985,Not Recommended,252710,16117758,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,FranklynStreet,"I just can't recommend this game unless you're interested in it for historical purposes.  Part of the story is somewhat compelling, part of it scattered and too all over the place.  But even worse is the nature of the gameplay.  It's less a point-and-click and more in the vein of the old Dragon's Lair video games, which means you're walking around and clicking on things somewhat arbitrarily until you learn to perform actions in a certain order.  Often you're spending a lot of time waiting for time to move forward, unless you follow the in-game hint system to learn exactly what you need to do next, which isn't always intuitive.  On top of all that, the older graphics and navigational system are pretty clunky; if the game was rebuilt on a new engine, that problem could be solved, but there's probably not enough compelling gameplay to merit that kind of update. 5/10"
,Recommended,252710,9968358,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Authorman,hey man. dope game.
,Not Recommended,252710,33366656,Posted: 8 July,all,splitbrain,I heard a lot of good things about the game and I love point'n'click adventures. However I had to give up on this one quickly. The awkward controls just took all the fun out of the game for me.
76561198035698725,Recommended,252710,30368392,Posted: 6 March,all,Too-throwed-666,lol
76561198084379253,Recommended,252710,29573750,Posted: 29 January,all,MrAbu,Better than Train Simulator.
,Not Recommended,252710,30348494,Posted: 5 March,all,geminidoesgames,"The original game wasn't really that great to begin with, and the supposed improvements made by the Gold Edition don't really help matters much.  The story is boring, the controls are a bit awkward, and the main character isn't really that likeable if I'm honest.https://youtu.be/51HWrnuIPrg"
76561198012050122,Not Recommended,252710,15032702,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,*****Player,Boring
,Not Recommended,252710,31101582,Posted: 12 April,all,LastGoodBoy,The Last Express is an okay game. The Last Express Gold Edition is a broken piece of crap. Try to get your hands on the original version and skip this one.
76561198040648935,Not Recommended,252710,10213339,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Destroyer,I can see why this game got good reviews but in my opinion I think this game is just too outdated now.  It does to some degree have a good story and if i had played this game when it first came out then i am pretty sure i would have said back then this game it very good.  Its just now there are so many other games out there and are far better but in a way i dont regret playing the last express as i have always wondered about this game.  This game would be so good though if they did a remake and changed a few things.  I dont really want to give this game a thumb down and there should be a middle option or something but for now ill have to choose not to recommend.
76561198055225076,Not Recommended,252710,9462612,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,xafox,terrible game.... i really felt scammed....
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,252710,8989900,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,hermetico,"BORING AND NO SENSE ADVENTURE GAME.Graphics are somewhat painted pictures by monet, cezanne, etc.Low resolution, uggly and old fashioned.To move around the train is a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥The point and click stuff is a pain.Ok. You found your best friend killed and, what do you do?.Easy, to throw him thru the window. A very logical decision !!!.Maybe a good game for '80s but, not for 2014."
76561198039437909,Recommended,252710,17962675,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,fairman2007,I like the atmosphere created for the game and I like the idea that they created a living world where the characters move around and talk whether you are there or not.
,Recommended,252710,18110913,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,roguefrog,Facsinating point 'n click period piece with an atypical setting and art style that holds up well through the ages. This is the stuff most adventures games dream of. I need more wine.
,Recommended,252710,19497863,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Grestorn,"One of my all time favourite games. I love how you interact with the story.In no other game the player is pulled into the reality of the story without bending the reality around the player, like almost all other games are doing it.And the historic background makes this game even more intriguing and emotionally involving.Thanks, Jordan!"
76561198159991239,Recommended,252710,19041307,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,e3mc,difficult game graphics are really great considering the year of release all in solid game
,Recommended,252710,19201846,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Baphomet,"The Last Express is an adventurous take on the adventure game genre that stars an American doctor caught in a web of intrigue woven by the passengers on a train from Paris to Constantinople (Istanbul). Along your way you will uncover the mystery surrounding a mysterious telegram from an old friend in need of your help.Gameplay of TLE resembles that of older graphical ZORK games in that you are almost entirely in a first person perspective as you move about the train and interact with its various people and compartments. An interesting point of note is that the entire game runs in real time, meaning that if you take too long exploring a certain segment or interacting with a particular person, you could miss an important event or possibly even die. Regarding that, there are A LOT of ways to “end” this game (die) depending on the choices you make as you go along. Thankfully the game also allows you to “rewind” to a previous scene or train stop so that you can make the necessary corrections in order to continueAs far as this “remake” of TLE goes, I feel like they could have expanded on the character animations a bit. A lot of the story scenes play out like old films with 3/4ths of the frames cut out, with exception to the action scenes where you have to click precisely during slightly smoother animation. The navigation shortcuts of double-clicking were entirely unnecessary and only added the timing-related headaches in the game. I also felt a bit claustrophobic in certain parts of the train as the navigation is not very clear and objects that you think you would be able to look at, or get closer to, cannot always be reached.One thing I really liked about The Last express was all the little historical details sprinkled about in newspaper articles and conversations. The voice acting was also very good and hearing people conversing in various languages added a nice bit of realism (as opposed to just giving everyone goofy accents in English). Although the playtime is not particularly long (I spent about 8 hours) this game typically goes on sale for around $3 making it a great addition to any adventure gamer’s library."
,Recommended,252710,18976209,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,allezz,Great story and atmosphere.
76561198059861937,Recommended,252710,19022891,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mirus,"The Last Express is one of the great swan songs of adventure games in the late 1990s when the genre was facing decline due to the rise of online gaming and other genres rising in popularity. Created by Jordan Mechner, of Prince of Persia and Karateka fame, The Last Express is set in 1914, during the final journey of the cross-continental Orient Express. The player is Robert Cath, an American doctor and occultist, who hitches an incognito ride in the Express alongside his friend Tyler Whitney. However, when you find friend murdered, you impersonate him try to survive the journey while playing all ends towards the middle to solve the mystery.The game is reminiscent in its mechanics to Myst, in the sense that the player moves around scene-by-scene, navigating via mouse-over arrows. However, one hallmark of the Last Express is that itisreal-time. The time actually passes in the game whether you act or not. Therefore, if there's something you're suppose to do but don't, you'll see the consequences. This feature keeps the player constantly on her/his toes, prompting you to explore, eavesdrop, examine.Graphics consist of real-life photography, rotoscoped in the style of Art Nouveau. Aside from a few occasions of fluid action, the game plays at visible framerate. The surroundings are from an actual Orient Express train car as well, lending an air of authenticity.Voice-acting and music score is quite astounding. Having played the game when it was first lauched in 1997, I've noticed in a recent playthrough how much I could still remember from the dialogues after more than 15 years.The plot of the game, in my opinion, still remains one of the best even when compared with the storytelling benchmark set by developers like Telltale. The year is 1914 and the entire Europe is an armed camp waiting for spark. The train is full of the European high society of the time, which were after all whom the Orient Express caters to. Russian aristocrats, French socialites, a German businessman, an Austrian artist, as well as Serbian soldiers present a microcosm of the European society across various nations and classes therein. The player should tread between all these potentially dangerous people to reach Constantinople as well as to uncover the murderer of his friend. Dialogues are well-written, plot is well-developed and well-acted. Despite the multitude of characters from many countries of the period, the game doesn't resort to clichés in their representation and portrays them in fleshed-out, developed fashion.The game gives you copious amount spare time between mandatory actions (or evasions) so you may employ these moments to explore the train through subtle means of breaking and entering, which allows you to see the sheer amount of detail invested in even the peripheral characters. Each compartment is filled with items pertaining to its occupants' private and/or public life, whether love letters or indicators of their intents. Even a chance passing past a compartment may turn up a chit-chat amongst the passengers.The Last Express, despite 18 years past its making, is still one of the best adventure games ever made, combining fantastic writing with staggeringly beautiful art direction and sound."
76561198086350474,Recommended,252710,15150605,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Madul,"the last express is a noir point and click game, which allows player to race with time to do something rightthis game has a lot interesting character, to befriend or investigate, or usedthough, you'll find many glitch on deck7/10"
76561198048495716,Recommended,252710,15575550,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,adam_beals,"This is a must have for fans or adventure gamers, or history buffs.  Set onboard the Orient Express just before the outbreak of WWI. you are drawn into a mystery like no other.  The game's graphics are beautiful to llok at and the sounds are great too.  An international cast voices the various passengers and crew of the train and look lifelike as they go about their enviroments.  I found the story very interestiong and enjoyed the setting.  And it all plays out in real time.If yoiu make a mistake you can rewind the clock to give it another try.The Gold Edition is adapted from the Android version and adds a hint system, and revised menus and a helpful map of the train.  As you meet the charactors, you can read a shory bio of them in the menu.The price is just right too!  5 stars!"
76561198088380930,Recommended,252710,15923865,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,emasterslake,"The Last Express tells a tale of an American passenger on board the Orient Express during a pre-WWI era. Upon his arrival he discovers his own friend being murdered and suspects that one of the passengers is the murder. Throughout the game the main protagonist must find the guilty party and make it through the train ride alive. This was a very innovative game for its time which consists of an older use of cel shaded animation mixed with motion capture animation on the characters to give it a stylish yet interesting look to the game. There are various endings and fates that allows great replay value for those who like alternate story driven games. With a cast of interesting individuals, great voice acting, and a well written story makes this a must play classic."
,Recommended,252710,22905804,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NeoTM,"This classic and heavily stylized point-and-click adventure game is just as exciting as it was back in 1997.  With the new features in the update and the inclusion of Steam Support, The Last Express is still a fresh and unique experience for modern gamers."
,Recommended,252710,26014689,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,cagcag,"The best game nobody ever played.Even though in-game enhancements feel like they weren't really necessary and break the original atmosphere of the game, it's still a classic that everyone should play. Trading cards and achievements are nice addition."
,Recommended,252710,32908978,Posted: 27 June,all,One Step Ahead Delcat,"I was given this game by a friend at the age of 7, and managed to get through the first six chapters with long hours of arduous trial-and-error effort.  22 years later, playing again, I now realize there is a plot.  It's a rather good one involving espionage, World War I, tense political climates, intrigue, mystery, creepy nightmares, a dog, and a piano, but that's not the important part.  The important part is that after 22 years and weeks spent in frustrated childhood effort, I have, with the aid of a guide, managed to catch the beetle in the dining car that eluded me for so long.Then I died because I saw the emergency brake and went ""Hey can I pull this"" and the answer is ""Yes but you really shouldn't"".This release is a gift to Windows 95 players everywhere, and while people coming to it fresh may find the graphics a tad dated, it's a gift they don't know they wanted."
,Recommended,252710,34746330,Posted: 4 September,all,browneyedbirdie,"I first played this game way back in middle school and I couldn't figure it out. I tried again in high school and did a little bit better. I was very excited to play this game on my PC after so many years.The game takes place on the fabled Orient Express as it travels from Cali to Constantinople in the weeks before World War I. Robert Cath, an American doctor races to board the train to meet up with his old friend Tyler Whitney, who has sent him a cryptic telegram about an ""interesting find."" When Cath boards the train, he's pulled into a mystery filled with political intrigue and danger that you the player must steer him through.The gameplay feels like a visual novel. To get information and knowledge, timing and listening is important to success. And the time the developers took to be historically acccurate to the look and the feel of the day gives the whole game an immersive feel.I want this game to get a huge burst of popularity and perhaps someone can take up the task of giving this incredible game the sequel it was meant to have."
