user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252830,11126339,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),"Who this game is meant for:Fans of Lone Survivor, Clock Tower, Haunting Ground and Silent Hill or survival horror in general.What bothered me: This game is too similar to Silent Hill and Lone Survivor.There are tons of references to Silent Hill. I understand being influenced by a game, but it really goes far.Even the menu sounds like the menu in Silent Hill 2.Who this game is not for:I'm not saying this is a good game or that it's not creepy, what I'm saying is that if you get annoyed by many references to other games, you will not enjoy this game. If you did not like the map layout in Silent Hill, you will not like this game.People who hate running away from enemies instead of attacking them.Also, be warned that this game is extremely similar to Lone Survivor.Although it may sound like I'm bashing the game, I do enjoy the game and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,252830,11157617,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Goldenkitten,"A better Silent Hill than the last three Silent Hills. Claire takes the Corpse Party route of using old school graphics but newer gameplay design decisions, mechanics, and general feel to create a rather excellent Horror game all its own. Only where Corpse Party was going for a distinctly Eastern style of Horror, Claire instead uses the more generalized Silent Hill approach.Though it won’t win anyone over who’s a serious graphics ***** the stylized 16-bit graphics are wonderfully detailed and manage to suck you in to the atmosphere in a way you’d never think a 2D game could. Sprites are dark, apocalyptic, gruesome, and backed up by some good lighting that really plays with you trying to set off a sense of claustrophobia. It’s put against an amazing soundscape that ranges between terrifying, foreboding, soothing, and even upbeat depending on what the scene calls for in a way rarely seen outside of games with larger budgets.Gameplay is centered around exploring an almost mazelike environment (using a suspiciously Silent Hill-esque map), finding key items, and running from roaming monsters. Claire is the first 2D horror game I’ve found where running and hiding from your enemies actually works and serves as an example of how to do this for future games. Though you can’t destroy enemies you can sprint for short distances, and even perform an evasive jump to get past them. This jump isn’t overpowered and you can get yourself killed but it offers a greater deal of tactical options instead of other games that have tried this (such as Knock-Knock) where you would wind up getting stuck and simply couldn't do anything to save yourself. Enemies are surprisingly intimidating and have even spooked me a few times but the game is well designed meaning that if there is an enemy there’s a good chance there’s a hiding spot or long corridor to run from them nearby (enemies can chase you across screens) giving you a chance to survive.Without spoilers the story is somewhere between Silent Hill and something more concrete. Though it drops you in with few answers there does seem to be a greater sense of “what’s happening” as the game continues though there are some surreal encounters with other denizens. Short version of what you can learn in the first five minutes; you are Claire, your mother is in the hospital, stuff goes REALLY bad really quick. I won’t say more than that but suffice it to say it’s kept me invested and coming back.There are a handful of bugs mostly associated with how the map displays icons. But these are few, far-between, and don't really effect the game when they do happen. But worth pointing out they’re there for the sake of being fair.So all in all Claire is a fantastic game, a brilliant triumph for the slowly building trend of using old-school graphics for horror games, and a must own for any horror game fan; especially lovers of Silent Hill."
76561198098367721,Recommended,252830,12675330,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Crulgius,"(Note:If don’t want to read long points go pass the line)Intro:In the game you play as protagonist by the name Claire who is trying search for her comatose mother while searching for answers within the darkness about herself, however be aware you’re not alone so now let explain base off my experience why I would recommend Claire.Atmosphere/Environment:In general atmosphere is important in a horror game if the goal if not scare to at least cause a form of discomfort in terms of survival-horror which for a 2D horror game like Claire for the most part does a great job in this regard when it comes to sounds, visuals and music in general will keep you on edge throughout the game now that is not to say there are no areas of calm moments but they are far in between.  For instance areas that are calm have eerie sense of sadness, loneliness, abandonment and little hope while areas that are chaotic have intense emotions of fear, suffering, hopelessness and madness while at certain times the atmosphere takes a combination of these two (To experience fully recommend not going objective too fast and also lights out and headphones on.)Gameplay Mechanics:Another thing that the game does an excellent job in keeping tension going is by putting players in the role as Claire who is put in this nightmarish world with only defense is a dog (warns of danger), blocking doors (if possible) , running and hiding.  Now when it comes to the running and hiding aspect of the game it should be noted here that when running your energy will drain quickly so use sparingly and once enemies see you they become relentless and by breaking down doors or crawling through from certain vents so it’s up to as the player to use both cunning and understanding of the environment around you both in terms of running and hiding, but understand since they are unpredictable if player is careless they will use the environment against you or if the player tries to hide in plain sight they will draw you out.  Last thing that keeps the tension going is a balance act you would have to maintain between the protagonist’s health and sanity.  Now at first the balancing act starts off easy but as progress it will become bit more difficult terms of enemies that attack you physically and/or mentally to environmental changes that you will not expect to occur.Inventory Management:Now the game Claire to a certain degree portrays a specific type of inventory management in the form of a backpack which contains a limited amount of square space and each square space can only hold one item in each one combined with idea that items must be used wisely which provides a challenge of its own, while I like this feature there is one flaw to it which the only way Claire describes the item is by the player picking it up which results in loss of space to point where you would have to use items whether you need to or not to make room for items you need in order to complete your objective and/or side quest as you progress (suggestion: create secondary storage for items for later use or create an option where it describes the item and yes or no if the player wants to pick it up.)Map:The map in general is one those learning curve type maps that you would either love it or hate it which I love it because not only does it help navigate throughout without being completely lost which provides a challenge in itself, but also the design remind me a little bit of horror games like siren.Puzzles:Now the puzzles in Claire in general come in two different types optional which you can skip if you want to (note: recommend not skipping more variety and little more challenging then main puzzles and some connect with the story in a way) and main game puzzles that you have to complete in order to progress which both of these types of puzzles not only help with the overall pacing but provide challenge within themselves.Replay ability:Now there is replay ability in terms of not only multiple endings and achievements, but also if you’re the type of player after completing want bonus challenge Claire offers this in the form of two basic difficulty modes hard and nightmare.Overall Story:The story in Claire is a mix bag here it’s excellent in one aspect and another way it struggles fully stay up float.  Now what Claire does excellent is how the game presents itself by having Claire herself narrate in the form of text her thoughts and emotions while combined with the emotions she displayed was believable to the point I find myself caring what’s going happen to her base of the choices I made, certain sequences (memories) in Claire will occur which will allow to have idea not only what her past was like but also the reason behind her situation which is designed and set up in way that never over stays its welcome combined with items you find to put in your journal that which all together seems to use a little bit of Silent Hill formula.  Now don’t get wrong I found story interesting and I don’t expect games like Claire to hold my hand, however the story isn’t perfect I just couldn’t shake the feeling off there were certain plots arguably missing, just there to be in the game or/and seemed a bit on the rushed side which the main issue behind this is that the game Claire seems reference the individual enough to point where he is very memorable but not much to go on to actually piece together what happen to him or maybe it was just simply lost in translation with me.----------------------------------------------------------------Pros:Atmosphere/environment: Will either scare or keep you on edge.Gameplay Mechanics: Will keep tension going throughout.Inventory Management: is present in terms of space and item use.Map: Provide well balance learning curve.Replay ability: Is present in terms of multiple endings, achievements and contains two difficulty settings hard and nightmare.Overall Story: Believable story due to Claire displaying her thoughts and emotions text and body movement and/or expressions, sequences that occur (memories) that don’t over stay its welcome because of how it was designed and set up.Mix:Puzzles: come in two different types optional (which are slightly more challenging and connect with the story in a way) while main puzzles provide certain challenge and do also have a connection to story but variety is not there in my opinion.Cons:Inventory Management doesn’t give option to store or pick item up or not.Overall Story: The story is interesting the problem is certain plots are either missing, just in there to be in the game or/and a little bit on the rushed side.Overall I enjoyed my time playing Claire will go back to explore for the alternate endings, atmosphere/environment and gameplay.I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan or new to both the gameplay and genre."
,Recommended,252830,11136549,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Anmy,"Even though I do like the game, I have encoutered several bugs, that affect the ability to finish it all together. The major issue is that some times after you reload after death, some certain key obstacles (like closed doors) are back, but the key item you need to open them is already gone. This literally made the game unfinishable for me, and damn near it's end too.Don't get me wrong - for once we got a really good horror game, that reminds me of Clock Tower series, and the performance is mostly memorable and well-executed by devs, so I would definetely recommend buying it. Just keep a separate save file, so you won't be needing to start all over again like I do."
76561198042386256,Recommended,252830,13879584,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Celx Requin,"A good 2D survival horror game, obviously inspired by the aesthetics of silent hill, and perhaps some plot elements from those games as well.There are a few cool puzzles, and side quests one can do that add to the replay value of the game, as well as three different difficulties, and a plethora of different endings.The game is fairly easy, so one can probably get through it without too much difficulty on ""hard"" (""nightmare"" may prove more of a challenge though).The severeal endings are contingent on how many side quest one chooses to do, which is nice because it gives one incentive to explore the world a bit more.The game can be completed in two hours if one were to rush though it. However for the kind of person who enjoys to explore and discover everything a game has to offer, I can see maybe 10 hours of playtime for this title.One feature I would've liked to have seen in the game is an option to play it without taking any damage, so I could go through it and enjoy the pixel enviorments at my own leisure, but that is of course a minor thing that doesn't detract from the experience at all.If the game does have a major flaw it would be that the dialouge, and story could have used some work, while I understand everything that was going on, the story could have fleshed out the characters a bit more.There is no combat in the game, and while this is an interesting mechanic, I felt it could have been handled better than it was, for example there were not enough spots to hide.The flashlight did not do much and wasn't required to beat the game, this felt like a missed opportunity gameplay wise, as I feel flashlight use could have been made more useful. To be specific maybe the flashlight could make you immune to being scared while it's in use, or perhaps it could temporarily scare off monsters?The biggest issue I have with the game is there are parts of it that seem impossible to complete unless you have a whole bunch of health items stacked up, and this is becuase of your ""sanity meter"". If one has low ""sanity"" they start taking damage, the worst part is aside from items, there isn't really a way for one to restore thier ""sanity"", or at least none I could figure out.Laslty it would be nice to have an option view all of the endings/notes one has unlocked.This game currently would garner a 3.5/5 from me, if the game fixed all of the above I would have rated it higher.Still it's a neat little indie title, worth one's money, and especially worth one's cash if bought on sale!- Celx Requin"
,Not Recommended,252830,12341551,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,4as,"Lets get this out of the way now: Claire feels like a Lone Survivor clone. Of course it has its own flavor, unfortunately things that make it different also make it less enjoyable.Claire's strongest point is probably its graphical design, making you wonder what will you see next, what other gruesome things will developers come up with. And that is pretty much the only good thing I can say about this game, everything else is rather... meh.To start of, the story is so vague it is really hard to care for the main character (or the world that surrounds her). Sure, she no doubt has a tragic backstory, but every hint we get of it just feels like the same old thing we already seen before.Claire also shares a problem that Lone Survivor had (but on a much bigger and thus more confusing scale), which is how they present the world - both games show 2D side scrolling view of the world with an ability to enter rooms and corridors that lay perpendicular to your current location. This gets really confusing really fast as Claire features maps that are built to look and feel like actual mazes. It almost becomes a necessity to open the map after every step you take.Speaking of Lone Survivor, one of the biggest differences and also by far the weakest element of Claire is how they deal with enemies. In case of Claire, the only real option is to simply run, and not the ""get the hell out of here if you want to live"" kind of run, but simply moving, often even passing by them - the simple fact of running is just about enough to dodge most of them. Perhaps switching to a higher difficulty could make this a bigger challenge, but lets be honest, fundamentally it just isn’t a very fun mechanic, especially compared to Lone Survivor where you could not only run from your enemies, but also kill them, lure them away, or simply sneak pass by them.In the end I played Claire for around 3 hours before finally deciding to drop it - all because a simple thought entered my mind: ""Am I actually having fun?""6/10"
,Recommended,252830,15189204,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Splain,"Rating 7.5/10Claire is a 2d psychological horror game very reminiscent of  Silent HIll. You play as Claire as she navigates multiple locals to complete missions and progress the overall story. You have no weapons, only a lighter/flightlight, your wits and your pet dog (Who will only warn you of nearby enemies, but I suppose that is more than my cat would do) to navigate through the nightmarish halls to out run and out smart the lurking monsters.Speaking of enemies, some will attack you physially while some will attack you psychologically, causing you to become scared. If Claire stays scared for to long she will begain to take physical damage, so in essence you have two health pools to manage.Like any survival game, you can explore and scavenge for health items, notes and batteries for your flashlight, not to mention some pretty interesting puzzles to find and solve. If you explore the right locations you will occassionally come across other survivors who can offer you side missions to do while exploring. These are not mandontory and can be skipped all together.There is replayability value in the game as there are multiple endings you can unlock based on what you do in game. Completing the story with a decent amount of exploration you can expect to finish up in 4 to 5 hours.If you enjoy survival horror I highly recommend this game. I also recommend the coffee, again."
76561198044337564,Recommended,252830,12501601,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Progmagnan,"This game is definitely in my new top ten for best horror games.While the graphics may not be the most high-end, most horror survival fans will agree graphics aren't what make the games so intense.What makes Claire and other great horror games like it; Outlast, Silent Hill 2, etc., great is the fact that it is immersive, the gameplay is easy to pick up, the soundtrack and audio can be described as both creepy and visceral, the story is rich and it all harkens back to the early age of horror games when they weren't abandoned or all being turned into Call of Duty/Gears of War.This game is worth the asking price and if you really want a great horror game, buy this one."
,Not Recommended,252830,12768094,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,soundninja888,"I have yet to beat this game but thus far, there's a lot of down to it then there is up.  It's extremely difficult to navigate (a mini map would be absolutely heavenly), the puzzles are obtuse and hard to understand with little to no context at all, though there are plenty of healing items at the BEGINNING of the game there are none near the END where it seems to get the most difficult (and where I'm stuck at and may just end up starting a new game entirely).  Otherwise, the graphics are fine for a 2D side scrolling game, it certainly has a Silent Hill feel to it which may or may not appeal to many fans of the series, and thus far the storyline and horror is well done.  It's showing you things that you really need to be afraid of (mental illnesses and not random monsters in the dark).  But because of all the issues, I'm going to not recommend it; if you have the patience for it and it's your cup of tea, have at it."
,Recommended,252830,29109974,Posted: 8 January,all,NateOfTerror,"Ever want to play Silent Hill as a platformer? Enjoy getting lost in map screens? Do you like jumpscares?If the answers to any of the above are ""yes"", play this game- it's pretty cheap.This game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with you- it has a few Hideo Kojima moments- such as one where looking at a specific item makes it appear that your computer has the blue screen of death- as well as a number of pretty well designed scares. The main enemies never stop being scary- mostly because they can kill you before you can say ""where are those hellish screams coming from?""This game actually, legitimately, terrifies me on occasion- but mostly it makes me grind my teeth in frustration and the fear is that I'll have to replay the same hour of gameplay again because I couldn't find a save point in time.This game is limited by its eternal flowing forward and its dearth of save points- while gathering items to survive, I stumbled into the next chapter of the story (chapters which you cannot go back from), leaving me to miss out on several completion criteria- and hadn't saved in a while because there are only 2 or so save stations per level.I can already hear the cries of ""Git Gud"" resounding- and if you play this game, you're gonna need to- enemies kill you fast, track you down mercilessly, loiter outside doors without warning, your direction walking changes depending on where you're positioned in the building- the list goes on.Al in all, if there was an option for a ""eh, play it if you have time and are bored"" rating, I'd give it that. As it stands, there isn't. Wait for a steam sale to buy it."
76561198068842784,Recommended,252830,16211899,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Niz,"Honestly, I'm a little on the fence on this game, as I write this, I am not sure if I would recommend it or not. This was another small time game in the part of the horror genre that I miss dearly, and wish there are more of out there at this point. But since this type of game has been around for a while, and was more likely inspired by early Silent Hill and Lone Survivor, I would not say that it is lacking tough competitors, I've been meaning to do this for a while, so with that, let's go over the game Claire piece by piece:Gameplay: Claire's gameplay is a bit odd, sanity management can be difficult in levels where eerie things are happening, which makes things a bit more frustrating considering one. small... detail, but I will get to that in a minute, I promise you that. Claire's mechanics mean she needs a flashlight for lighting, but there have been about 2 or 3 times where I have actually needed a flash light, I'm not sure if it helps with your sanity or anything, it's just there, and the lighter works just as well. Now one problem with Claire that is similar in Lone Survivor is the map system, oh dear lord the map system. In Lone Survivor, it wasn't as bad because they slowly, and gradually give you more and more of the map to learn and get used to, and by the time you get the new stuff, the old routes are already memorized and easy to get through, sure there's a spot or two you may miss, but most of the time, it doesn't break your game flow. With Claire, however, you are set from different location to different location very often and I do not think you go to a single one twice.This means, once you no longer need the map and you know the place like the back of your hand, you're put in a completely different area and it's back to staring at the map, and it breaks immersion. It is also a tad difficult to figure out how maps made with ups and downs works in a 2D sidescroller at times, Also, not to spoil anything, but the monster at the end is the only one you are supposed to fight, you can't fight the others, but this one, you can, which can be a bit confusing when you got so used to hiding in closets and boxes. One thing that really annoyed me is that your loyal pet Anubis was only used to alert you when monsters were nearby, and to comfort you in a couple moments, why this annoys me is because due to a majority of the puzzles being confusing and vague, all I remember is really wishing Anubis could find notes for me or lead me to hints, anything. But that might just be me thinking about Mercy in Valiant Hearts, I just might have high expectations for friendly dog characters now.Story: Claire's overall story and plot twist is... Well, to not spoil it, think of 3 typical horror story plot twists, and think of the common or overused ones. Chances are, one of those three, if you guessed the ending with it, was right on the money. This does not make the story bad, though, not necessarily, it's pretty hard to think up of plot twists in horror stories at times, especially a completely original one, it's still being done, but it is difficult. I don't think that's necessarily the problem with Claire, Claire's character is pretty well defined for the short time she is given, strong willed, responsible, hard to upset, as well as other features that I will not get into just yet. I think the issue is the game gives you too many answers, in a shady game with a lot of interpretation such as this one, giving this many clear answers may not be a good thing, I'm glad they're leaving that comfort zone, but a lot of things become a lot less interesting once their mystery is gone, but not explaining enough will only annoy people and nothing else, so you have to find that sweet spot of mystery and answers, and I think Claire leans too much towards answers.Another problem is that they give a lot of small characters that are likely symbolic to Claires mindset and past, which is all well and good, but there are a lot of them, and they all usually make one impression, or depending on what you do, technically, two impressions. So some seem to not give you any information on her, and others seem like they could have done much more if given more time, and a few are downright forgettable, you can easily end up with any of the endings not interacting with every single one, just an amount depending on the ending. The game is not entirely that predictable, and doesn't give you ALL the answers, we are not certain what happened that lead to this, what the exact trigger was, or if anyone Claire used to know is still alive or not, although it is implied in one ending (Good lord this takes a lot of beating around the bush). I feel like they should have taken the Lone Survivor route, rather than about 10 characters giving you small important things to the story, and are a part of your personality and past, have 3 different types of characters that cover three different categories of the protagonist, I will tell you I can remember more about the main three illusive characters, and likely the side characters as well in Lone Survivor than the crowd in Claire. I will say one thing, though, it takes one of those crappy childhood moves in the game, and it did not go anywhere near the way I thought it was going. When they brought up an issue in the family, and violence in the family, it's incredibly unlikely you guessed which family member caused the issues when it was happening. But let's end on a lighter note on this subject before I end up spoiling the hardest to predict part of the story, I do enjoy how this game has a bit of it's own lore, Claire has her own depiction of the Carebears being her childhood enjoyment, she even has it as her ringtone for nostalgia, it must have been at least a decade that had pased and she still remembers that song, and one of the few things I remember very well in this game is the theme song to that in Claire, and good ol' sun cola.In Summary: I do recommend this game, but not for the majority If you like Lone Survivor, and the earlier Silent Hill, you'll likely like this as well, because it's a bit more of it. The game looks nice, with a lovely bit of lighting. Even with awkward maps and a lot of side tracking, you can get a bit of enjoyment off of the development of the character and her past, it is a fairly interesting one despite the obvious parts, and there actually is some unpredictability in the bits and pieces despite what I said. If you're looking for a game that has an understandable map, more memorable side characters rather than atmosphere, something with a higher replay value than maybe 4 runs through at max, more likely than not, this is not the game for you, and with it usually being 10 dollars, I'm afraid you might be able to do better. Although I don't recommend it to all, for those who do, I bet you'll enjoy it for what it gives you.Go Elks!"
,Recommended,252830,24245703,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Out Foxed,"It's a ripoff of Silent Hill 3 as a 2D indie plataformer, but it is an intense gameplay with some scary jumps and pretty freak stuff. Not easy to play even in the ""normal"" mode. Maps are quite messy, sometimes you have no idea where you are going. I should advise that this game is really for fans of survival horror genre, do not expect anything you haven't seen in horror in general, but even not beeing a game for everyone I think it is a good one and pretty well made."
76561198022820771,Recommended,252830,14214940,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1WCvIiwylk&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAClaire is a 2d horror exploration game where you play as a girllearning about the mysteries of her life and her memories.  The atmosphereof the game is very well done.  The story is not handed to you;  you haveto explore and understand what is going on.  The spooky theme of 'dangeraround every corner' is unsettling, but not necessarily in your face withviolence and monsters.The level design, as with many 2D games is mazelike;  the reusage ofsimilar hallways and doorways causes you to have to backtrack a lot.  It canadd to a feeling of being lost and contribute to the atmosphere, but for me itwas too much of getting lost and try over and over again to get to the nextdestination.There is a lot of fetch quests in this game.  Personally I feel like thegame didn't respect my time, as most of it was spent retracing steps and goingon continual missions that just prolonged the gameplay.The atmosphere is terrific, the story is not what is expected, butenjoyable, and it has a mazelike feel that I found not to be to my taste, butif that is something you enjoy, this could be a game for you.This is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watchif you are looking for a more in-depth review.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here:http:/www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198100010946,Not Recommended,252830,28771559,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bernardchu28,"So much potentials are wasted!The game so frustrating due to awkward control and bad game design, I could not get through the first hour of playing.Good things abou the game:Great graphicsLoveable charactersCreepy atmosphereProblems with the game:FrustratingBugs (In some occation you can jump over an obstacles but cannot jump back out)Awkward controlNo keyboard control in inventory systemMap is too big and confusing. The map is unnecessarily big with too many rooms as ""Fillers"" just to add to play time.Transition between floors on the map is confusing and not clearly indicatedDoors located at the front are not obvious (especially in darkened room)On the map, you character is marked as glowing dot. The glow is too big, often visually obstruct doors. (it is problematic when you're being chased by monster)Visited rooms on map are marked in green. But sometimes, these markings dissappeared. Making it looks like the room hasn't been visited (I believe this is a bug)Objectives in the game is marked by circle on the map, sometimes the marking dissappeared. Making player confused and lost. (I believe this is a bug)There are many many more small problems with the game, each small problem is not a big deal on their own, but put together is enough to frustrate players. And I got a feeling this game was developed in rush and somewhat unfinished! Or not thoroughly tested before release.Rating: 6/10Only because of the pretty graphics and if you can be patience and get past the clunky game design, you may get some enjoyment out of this game. But not for me."
76561198040220832,Recommended,252830,18058723,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Random,"Claire is a unique game that plays well. The fact that you run from, rather than attack enemies, adds to the Horror of the game and the position of Claire as a character. Rather than fighting off minions, you'll be faced with dream like sequences that will test your perspective on what can even happen in a sidescroller."
,Recommended,252830,11171489,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jae <3,"I am only about 3.5 hours in but so far I absolutely have enjoyed this game! It is a beautiful sprite art horror game that has sent me jumping out of my seat a few times already!! I love the throwback SNES artwork and the gameplay is brilliant so far. The navigation around the hospital was a bit tricky at first but once you get the map system it is easy and fun! My only complaint is that the ghouls sometimes make it impossible to get past them and you die without being able to do anything. Maybe I am just bad or missing a mechanic but this happened a few times when I was trying to open a locked door. Either way, I love it so far, would reccommend to anyone who enjoys indie/ 8-16 bit style and horror."
76561198140442560,Not Recommended,252830,23444605,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,IAmThePonch,"You know, of the forty or so steam games I've reviewed, this is the second ""not recommended"" game I've played, the other being Outlast. I'm surprised, as I thought something like this would be right up my alley.Claire has you playing as, you guessed it, a young woman named Claire. Claire is visiting her mother in the hospital one night when things start getting really whacky. She must explore the hospital and some other areas and uncover the truth of what is going on.The game uses an attractive 2D art style and is side scrolling, much like the far superior Lone Survivor. Using a limited inventory, you must solve puzzles and avoid monsters. The inventory is almost an exact copy of the one from Amnesia: The dark Descent, right down to the health and sanity icons. The inventory sound is almost exactly like the one made in Silent Hill 2. Between that and the obvious influence of Lone Survivor, this should have been a winner.Unfortunately, a lot of what makes these games good is the execution of the atmosphere and story. Amnesia had a pretty compelling narrative, Silent Hill 2 has one of the best video game stories ever, and Lone Survivor was intriguing in its own way. This game, however, feels like a very standard and generic narrative, with obvious reflections of Claire's internal struggles and really simple writing. It doesn't have that spark that superior horror titles have, the depth that comes from the interaction with environments and unique enemies.Speaking of that, another borrowed element from Amnesia is the fact that you can't fight enemies. Instead, you must run and hide. However, this presents some problems. Much like Lone Survivor, it's incredibly easy to get lost since you're playing in a 3D map using a 2D plane. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I was looking at my map once every five or ten seconds. This is exacerbated by the sameness of the hallways. The thing is that enemies don't pause when you open your map, so when you're being chased through multiple rooms, lost and confused, it's pretty irritating. This might be remedied if the enemeis were scary in any way, but they're plain black spider things with white faces. Not very scary. And I'm not saying that good monster design is a necessity, but it certainly doesn't hurt to have something that's creepy to look at.The sanity system also annoys more than anything. There are enemies introduced about halfway through the game that don't directly attack you and instead drain your sanity, which will drain your health if it falls too low. There are several segments later on that require you to go through multiple rooms in a row with these enemies and the screen gets darker and darker the more insane you go. Stopping to heal is a bad idea since your sanity will only fall lower and lower. Again, it's more annoying than intense.There are also some side quests to go on in the form of side characters, but, to be honest, these felt like nothing more than filler. Each one is solved easily within a matter of minutes, except for maybe one near the end of the game, but even that is fine. One of them has you meet a character weirdly reminiscient of Eddy Dombrowski from Silent Hill 2 (although in this game the person is far less interesting). You go through a few rooms just next door, grab an item he wants, bring it back, and bam, done. I didn't feel that these characters really added anything either. They didn't give me more insight or understanding of the story, but maybe that's because the story is so simplistic and basic to begin with.One last thing is the sound. It's totally serviceable, but neither the effects or soundtrack stand out in any way. To me, at least.So while the game is very pretty to look at, it honestly feels like a pale imitator of far better games. I really wanted to enjoy this, as it seemed right up my alley, but alas, not every game will be a winner. It's not the worst thing in the world, but it's very mediocre, with a bland and cheap story, dull exploration (side note: this game gives you tons of abtteries for your flashlight that aren't really needed as the default lighter, which uses no resources, is more than sufficient to see with), and random and out of place side quests. If you can get it on sale and have a few hours to kill, there are worse ways to spend your time, but I'd check out other horror games first. Games like Silent Hill 2, Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Lone Survivor, and Cry of Fear (latter of which is free on Steam and it's awesome!!!!)  before spending money on this title."
,Recommended,252830,26447886,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hiiragi Dion,"Claire was a great buy for me. As a fan of Silent Hill I've been scrounging the depths of the horror genre, and part of my search led me to this game. At the time it was on sale (for only a couple of dollars), and I love to support indie developers and try new things, so I decided to buy it. Definitely worth the buy! Not only was this game similar in horror aspects to Silent Hill, but even the sounds of the game, map layouts, and story were very similar and did very well for the overall feel of the game.Do not get this game if you do not enjoy puzzles, Silent Hill gameplay (extensive map checking, awkward camera angles, learning to run, etc), or sanity levels (this is a huge part of the later reaches of the game). However, if you appreciate good stories that tie into the horror aspects, a strong female protagonist, interesting NPCs, dogs (Anubis is just plain adorable!), and exploring the deep recesses of the mind then this is the game for you!I would reach to give this game a 9/10 because it fulfilled my horror buzz, the story was amazing, Claire and Anubis were wonderful, and the graphics (though not the best in the world) were quite appealing to me. The only point I would take away would be for the gameplay itself. It got quite hard at times because you can't fight the enemies and they constantly chase you through doors all the while your sanity meter drops you down to horrified in a second in certain areas and you lose the rest of your health because you are scared. It's very hard to get away, and Claire's stamina is not very good, so you get very slow very fast. The only other problem I had with it was the bug which, whenever you hit the accept button on the menu screen made you hit the accept button on the actual map as well. I would be hiding in a closet from an enemy, pull out my map on my menu, hit accept, and I would die because it would bring me out of the closet as well. Regardless of the criticisims this game is wonderful, and is definitely worth the buy for classic horror fans!"
,Recommended,252830,25943661,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vithral,"Probably the closest thing to Silent Hill I've played, going by what everyone else is saying. Claire is an alright game. But although I enjoyed the majority of the game, I do have some problems with it. Hopefully this will be a quick read:Cons:I won't go into spoilers but honestly the games storyline is mostly ahugemesstoward part 3/3 of the game (/towards the ending). The thing is that the gameknowsthat it's storyline is confusing, and even basically says so at times. The ending clears up certain things, but there'sa lotof ""wut"" in this game. The ending only clears up maybe 1/10th of the things that it should've.Things honestly become a lot lessscaryovertime. Especially towards the end. While the gamedoesget more odd/creepy down the line the fear-factor will probably eventually wane for most people.Navigating can also be quite a bit of a mess at times. I must've checked my map over 100 times while playing this game for the 6-ish hours I played it for. It's not a huge-huge problem as the map system is pretty simple to use, it's just a tad bit annoying when you keep going in circles.Pros:Claire has somebeautifulsprites. The whole game is very pleasant to look at. Obviously there's things thataren'tnice to look at, but you get what I mean. The game is very pretty. First and foremost.The game isn't dragged out, but it's not too short either. Like Undertale the game is about 6-8 hours long. All areas are enjoyable and fun to explore.Plenty of side-quests and extra things you can do ingame. Side-quests alsomatterin Claire so they're 100% worth doing. Though most consist of looking for things.While there's no combat system you're not hopeless to enemies as well. There's plenty of ways to go about handling the majority of enemies who appear in the game.Anubis.While I did enjoy this game more than I didn't, Claire isn't a 10/10. Like I said, the games story can be very confusing and unmotivating at times. Most conversations you have with anybody who isn't a side-quest giving NPC are this way.I'd personally give Claire a 7.5/10. While it has replayability I doubt I'll be touching Claire again for at least a year, if anything. That'snotsaying it's a bad game though. It's an excelent 1-off game for when you're alone at night. That being said I personally don't think it's worth the $10 pricetag. If it goes on sale it's a nice pickup though."
76561198036368198,Recommended,252830,20619814,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lord Rutsah,"Claire, aka how to do Silent Hill's job better with 1/1000th of the budget."
76561198039112578,Recommended,252830,11805110,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,TheSpooktacularVinylScratch,"Claire is the Silent Hill game we have been waiting for for years, except it isn't Silent Hill."
,Recommended,252830,26398072,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,mckinst87,"I grew up on Silent Hill, the one I've replayed most is Silent Hill 2, this game is a love letter to that game. It's a superb creeping dread of a game buult around creating an amazing atmosphere. It's fair and actually more open than I thought it was going to be. Honestly one of my favourite horror games I've had the pleasure of playing. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,252830,11126309,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,shoggofu,"First Impressions:(optional let's play footage)http://youtu.be/6C5561SdoiEInitially the game wouldn't boot with an error message saying missing executable. The generic steam solution did not work for me. Foundsolution(yeah click there to see it yourself!) on community hub courtesy of steam user ZedNo_0. In steam more Claire/Claire folder contents into the primary Claire folder. This worked for me. Also apparently the developer's are working on an update.I've played for about 40 minutes so far to get a feel for the game.Graphics look good. Sound effects and ambience also create the right atmosphere.You explore the maze like room's of a creepy hospital hospital trying to reach one objective after another while avoiding or running away from scary ghost monsters.Navigating the environment can be disorientating at first especially when you find yourself in an area with a new map for the first time. But once you get used to the map system it's pretty straight forward and that didn't really take me that long. You can use a torch but I didn't pay attention to all the tutorial explanations so I'm not what it's purpose really was. You have no means to fight the monsters. But you often have no choice but to go through rooms that they occupy whether it be by running past them and taking damage or getting around them somehow. They move faster than you. While you can run away from them, if you only move into the next room they will break down the door to get you. So they are pretty frightening lol. I think there is a strategy avoiding them e.g. luring them to a room with a closet you can hide in and waiting for them to go past. But I wasn't that advanced.The game seem's to be pretty good so far. Reminds me of Silent hill especially with the comatose woman in the hospital bed. As long as it remain challenging, entertaining and isn't too short it should well worth the price.Clickherefor more let’s play videos =)"
,Recommended,252830,11126846,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,sotheysayy,I've never play a game quite like this before. So it's very new to me. I wasn't expecting it to be very scary but I jumped quite a few times. If you like Horror games I suggest you give this a try!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBu-mXVL_dA
76561198036158282,Recommended,252830,12420867,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Daxabyte,"Claire is a very interesting take being a 2D horror game, it captures a sense of being lost and alone, mixed with a nice bit of humor. With out really know too much of what is going on you embark on an adventure into the life of a young woman named... well Claire. The game does have an issue in it's mapping system that CAN be confusing only AT TIMES, but otherwise is a very great game any fan of horror should seriously concider, if you are still curious feel free to check out my own playthrough of the game in the link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Rxgat6FkSI"
,Recommended,252830,11126188,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ZombieTurtle,"If you love SIlent hill and or Lone Survivor, you need to buy this now!"
76561198063439803,Recommended,252830,22655480,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ElGringoBandito,"I should be upset about how this game apparently ate all my achievements for it and never gave them to me, but I'm too caught up in all the old-school survival horror influences to really care. I'm here less for the gameplay and more for the story in this case. More than anything, Claire makes me miss Silent Hill.I dated a Claire once. She never trapped me in a nightmarish hellscape, and I feel cheated about that."
76561197969875942,Recommended,252830,33607256,Posted: 17 July,all,Dvine,"Charming old school pixel graphics, creepy hospital by night atmosphere, nice interaction with the dog, cool flashbacks to the little girl, ...This game has a lot going for it, too bad the gameplay has you looking at the map all the time, trying to figure out where in the hospital you are, and where you need to go, there is also a lot of backtracking it seems. Just annoying at first, but as you advance in the game it becomes frustrating when you get killed every couple of minutes by some ghost, and then yanked back to a previous save room, only to start your way through that hospital section all over again. I know old school console charm and all that jazz but why can't we just save whenever on PC, it avoids a ton of frustration!Claire First Impression 60fps Exploring The Hospitalhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv_fWcyZpmc0:00 Starting up the game, little girl prelude.1:23 Dear Santa. Found a note from your brother Ethan.2:46 Waking up as Claire the teen.3:56 First Save Room.5:50 Answering the phone in the elevator.6:42 Coffee!8:39 Um... weird nightmare horror stuff while in bed.10:10 Gift shop, finding the flashlight.11:04 Save Room.21:28 Stuffed animal, flashback animal shelter, finding and rescuing Anubis.29:00 Found the doctor's keycard!35:35 Using the doctor's keycard. Cafetaria. Phone call. Save station."
,Recommended,252830,23777009,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rie,"A well-made horror game inspired by the likes of Silent Hill, Haunting Ground, and fellow pixel horror game Lone Survivor, with an amazing atmospheric soundtrack to boot. Definitely worth snagging during any sale if you're a horror fan."
,Recommended,252830,11364294,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Guanjyn,"If you enjoyed Lone Survivor, you'll most likely enjoy this. Great atmosphere and moments that had me curling my toes. The only complaint I have is navigation (you'll be running in circles at times wondering where to go/what to do), and a couple of puzzles seemed impossible to figure out (no clues nearby). It can be a little text heavy at times too (I skipped some cutscenes because tl;dr) and unfortunately this made me lost with the story, so just keep it in mind if you're a reader or not. All in all, I'd say it's worth it's price though."
76561198041680970,Recommended,252830,11231873,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Christoph Dynasty,"This game is a true mix between Lone survivor and the Silent hill series with a good story and pressing atmosphere.the only thing that makes me sad is the fact that there are no weapons, so the the whole playthrough felt more like awalk in a maze in my opinion. But all in all i liked it.Pro:-Silent hill atmosphere-good story-different endingsCons:-no weapons-sometimes i had been wishing for more sprinting power(this is my first review on steam plz have mercy on me)"
,Recommended,252830,24066827,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,JAB,"It's like Lone Survivor, except this game has a dog so it's objectively superior."
,Recommended,252830,13523662,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,m4gg13,"Excellent. I was shouting at the screen while trying to navigate the hospital. Some ghoulish things popped out at me and I had to quit. I really feel like I'm my 8 year old self playing Clock Tower, feeling those epic freakout feels all over again. Claire is really superb. 10/10."
,Recommended,252830,11125728,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Allar,"9/10 Scared while looking for coffee.Some UI/Controls issues but I'm sure they'll be patched out.Played game outside of Steam, thus my low play time."
,Not Recommended,252830,16270964,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Miketopus,"I really wanted to like this game. I enjoy the Lone Survivor (And ultimately Silent Hill) theme the game has going. But, it feels like one long waste of time. The very first real exploration of the game, the hospital, is just one long winding labyrinth of rooms and hallways peppered with the occasional shadow that you have to run a mile to find a hiding spot to escape from.The problem is, the game just doesn't give you enough for what it makes you go through. There's ostensibly a map section in the game menu, but I have yet to find a map. There's a flashlight that uses a finite source of energy, but it has no obvious purpose since visibility doesn't seem to be an issue. There's white butterflies you can collect, but I'll be damned if I can figure out what they're for.As I said, I really wanted to like this game, but it's just too frustrating and obscure for me to find playable. I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,252830,14029142,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Selin,"I'm not gonna write lots about Claire but atmosphere is pretty similiar to Silent Hill. Which is an advantage, you should check it out."
76561198045502107,Recommended,252830,23361840,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,XxPatrickPoPpXx,"This is a neat little horror game. Claire is actually pretty creepy, and scary at times even though the art style may say otherwise. If your still on the fence about picking up this unique gem of a horror game I made a quick little mini- series of it on youtube, just for the reason of showing the game and a bit of the story off.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sDQsf4ZoUoClaire is a very interesting game, and deserves a lot more than it has going for it. The downside to this game is that it is pretty hard to find if your not looking for it."
,Recommended,252830,23144434,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr Nobody,"Pretty good. Reminds me of Lone Survivor but with a lot more Silent Hill thrown in it. Recommend this game but bear in mind a potential pitfall is that you might get lost within the corridors of the various locations. To me it actually contributed to making the game more scary but for some it might be frustrating. The map helps a lot, shows where you are, visited locations and unvisited locations too."
,Recommended,252830,32608737,Posted: 20 June,all,Swazaaa,"Just beat the game, great story, didn't run into any bugs, game goes over some emotional topics, kept me guessing what was going to happen next. So far my favorite steam game."
,Recommended,252830,11672569,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Garro Agentia Primus,"Claire looks and plays great, it is reminds me of Lone Survivor in terms of artistic direction.The only thing I want to point out is that the map and directions take a bit getting used to, the map is in a standard layout but you navigate around in a 2D platform view and doors that line either side of a room can be confusing.The puzzles were challenging and took some thinking to get through. The storyline pacing was great as well and the ending was worth playing through just to get there IMO.10/10You can check out my Let's Play of Claire:http://youtu.be/DooYcclxbqg"
,Recommended,252830,11911410,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,InFamousHero,"I enjoyed the experience and felt quite attached to the main character, if you've had similar dysfunctions then it's probably easier to sympathize with her rather than brush her off as ""whiny.""It's like Lone Survivor in a number of ways that I won't spoil because it goes beyond simply looking similar and I appreciate there being no true combat in the game, it make things tense where they might not have been because hey, you have a weapon, nothing to worry about. Dead Space comes to mind there. (calm yourselves, I enjoyed Dead Space too)If you're looking for a game that explores feelings of guilt, isolation, grief and familial anger, then you should consider getting this. It does however contain a degree of backtracking, not to mention the potential to miss certain NPCs if you don't check every single room and thus miss out on a fuller picture of the story."
,Recommended,252830,11156754,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Rek,"Hey Hey guysThis game is actually pretty good. I went into it thinking it would be a rip of Lone Survivor but it managed to make and identity of it's own. Story is interesting, and the characters are cool (come on, a dog named Anuibus, that's awesome).My only issue is the map is EXTREMELY confusing sometimes.I am currently doing a playthrough of this on my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR8OVesNBUngC5vuHZoB9egKeep doing what your doing devs"
,Recommended,252830,11523879,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,Great ambient design and scary as  ♥♥♥♥ :) Absolutely recommended
,Recommended,252830,12116068,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Wetnosaur,"I bought this game about a day after the steam release.  While looking similar to Lone Survivor, I didn't dismiss it as some knock off since I try to give most horror games a chance.  Pretty interesting game.  Good amount of story to get into while not feeling conveluted or trying too hard to be 'deep'.  The main character can be somewhat relateable and immersion isn't difficult.Sound is great. Talked to their sound designer on Reddit and seemed like a cool guy (even took the time to give some tips in networking so + to the devs)   it was memorable and the sounds had a fit to the atmosphere. Seeing a television on felt like a safe area and/or dream like atmosphere.I have some things I did not like. and it may contain some small spoilers.Not enough dog involvement. Kind of like a radio from Silent HIll in alerting the player of enemy presense.Would like to see more.Not a fan of the map.Not too much going on in the enemy area.  Most enemies are different sizes of scribbly eyes. There are the faceless creatures but ...that's about it.  Still some tough spots and they get the job done.I really think there's a lot more that can be done in this game.  But it does the job for a short side scrolling survival horror game.  Happy with the purchase and I'd say buy it now it's on sale!"
,Recommended,252830,11593076,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Big Gulp,"Pretty great game, especially for those that liked Lone Survivor and Silent Hill, like everyone else recommending this game has said. While I definitely think survival horror fans should all try this game, there are a few things that kind of bother me that I think are worth mentioning:1. Still kinda glitchy, especially the map and inventory screens. I should be able to just hover my mouse over an item and see what it does; it doesn't always work right. Markers on the map ended up being a nightmare too. I could add one, several, or none depending on where I was, and I could never remove any. I think there are also keys or buttons you can use to throw away inventory items? I could usually just ""use"" an item to get rid of it anyway, but this stuff would have been good to know, and I don't think the game ever told me how to do it.2. Besides the narrative importance, the dog wasn't very useful for the actual game. Besides growling when enemies are nearby, I can't say I ever witnessed or was informed of anything useful they could do. I imagine it was inspired by the dog from Haunting Ground, so... why not borrow some more of that? I dunno, just having running or hiding being your only option with enemies got to feel sort of tedious.3. If you're already big on Silent Hill, this comes with the territory, but the maps can range from slightly convoluted to ""where on Earth am I or am I even still on Earth?"" It's made less painful than SH since the map loads up quickly, but you will be checking it a lot.The game definitely has its quirks, but if you like the games it was inspired by, you should be golden. Everything besides what I mentioned was either good or great. The music was all moody and sounded good enough. The graphics, which seem to be inspired by LS, manage to actually outdo it with some of the fancier lighting effects (IMO). Enemy variety is okay, but it doesn't matter too much since you just run from everything, I guess. I'd have to say that for the sake of reference, I still prefer Lone Survivor over this, but this game does a lot of cool stuff in its own right."
76561198146499327,Recommended,252830,13812249,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gms0604,"Great game so far, haven't gotten far because it's 2spooky4me"
76561198104484288,Recommended,252830,14203683,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ObsidianNEET,OH MY GOD PERFECT.
,Recommended,252830,12768754,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lead3r,Survival Suspense Horror RPG!Pixel art which creates a amazing Survival Atmosphere!Music is creepy as hell!Huge success if you enjoy your horror games scary not Shooty This is for you!~Best survival Suspense Horror since Amnesia~
76561198214824788,Recommended,252830,24233233,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DarkHero,Great little game and great story behind it. 10/10
76561197999125315,Recommended,252830,26120860,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bors de Ganis,"Pros-Aesthetically it's really interesting and works well-Sound design is good-Story/Mystery is intriguing (full disclosure, I haven't finished it yet)-Reminds me of Silent Hill (in a good way)Cons-Art design might not work for some buyers-Navigation can be a little frustrating-Setting might be a little clicheOk, now that that's all done I can share some direct thoughts in long form. I spotted this game on sale while it was in my queue and was intrigued. Personally, I love horror games and any that draw inspiration (whether or  not they admit to it) from titles like Silent Hill are at least worth some consideration. This game bears some similarities to that series which is usually a good thing. All in all I enjoyed my time playing Claire. I really need to sit down and finish it one of these days. Perhaps once I'm finally done with 14 hour school days. If you're reading this and considering going to college don't take more than 18 credits. You're gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,252830,20383814,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I'd figure I would write my last review, or you know, my pseudo reviews that have absolutely nothing to do with gaming. I guess you can say I'm tired, too tired to even give a♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore. Misanthropy can no longer be my companion, nor death my lover. I have seen a lot of things in my life, too much actually. A lot of the bad♥♥♥♥♥♥has shaped me into what I am today. I'm not actually playing the victim,♥♥♥♥♥♥ with my attitude you couldn't even tell what's affecting me. You know that poker face, but you are actually dying on the inside. Every day it feels like your flesh is being rended, and nothing, not one day thing gets better. If something good does happen, I have to worry about if something horrific is going to occur. For the last four years I have been at a stand still. I go to work, to a job I hate, with a boss I hate, and people who are nothing but druggies, pedophiles and drunks. I have to worry about If today Is the day I am going to get into a fight with one of these welfare cretins and either wind up getting shot or stabbed or me killing someone out of the shear rage I have in my heart. Out of all the years I have been working, I've only met one nice person, and she still lives at the motel I work at, she works at a job where she sees death everyday, and her and her husband drown their pain in alcohol.Now this is the point where you would normally say, oh wow, you are complaining, suck it up ♥♥♥♥♥ boy, other people have it worse. I know other people have it worse, and I know that things could be worse than what I am dealing with, it's just that I am tired, and I keep trying to reiterate this point to people. I can't live in a facade that most people try to delude themselves into. It's a joke, because most people don't even think about others. For instance, you ever lose a best friend of ten plus years, over some gold digger ♥♥♥♥♥ you warned him about, than have him spread lies about you, and it wasn't the first time he has lied about you, he's been doing it the whole entire friendship. This guy lied to my mother on her deathbed saying we will always be together. Yeah, funny how these things turn out.Than others tell me to trust again, you have to give people a chance, not everyone is the same, I was optimistic a long long time ago, I would help others at a drop of a dime, I would offer any and all assistance that could be humanly possible. I was used for money, my kindness, my shoulder, and when it's all said and done, I'm alone at the end of the day. Not even my family can comfort me, I hate them. The only people who I adore most in the world are my mother and her sister, my aunt. Every other person In my family I have ever loved is dead and buried. I still live with this pain every single ♥♥♥♥ing day, losing a loved one is not easy, and people who say it gets easier are ♥♥♥♥ing liars, it hasn't gotten any easier all these years. Speaking of the rest of my family, my millionaire aunt, not the one I love, stole my house away from me, she got my senile grandfather to sign a will stating that she would be soul inheritor of the house. So I was damn near homeless last year.It's all one big joke, if I can't see the humor in it all, I don't know what I would do. I can only preserver and continue my mundane existence. Or I would say and believe this, if I didn't want to change this, but I do, and apparently antidepressants and stimulants are not going to change the chemistry of my mind. If you haven't seen someone with medication resistant depression now you have, now I'm under the supervision of a neurologist to become their monkey to experiment on. So In closing it is what it is, and if you haven't seen me in a while, it's because I took that vacation to Puerto Rico or Thailand, or at the very least possibly died do to some unknown circumstances. Read this and laugh, call me out on it, do whatever, but know this. I wish for the best for anyone who is reading this, and hope that your life isn't as filled with pain at mine was. This isn't my suicide letter, this is my letter to know that this was the day that I took the first step to changing all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that life has fed me, and if worse comes to worse or I attain that happiness, at least I tried at the end.This has been Apostle, may my love for you, and prosperity and good fortune find you in life, and my you attain your dreams. I've been overdue for a break, and this time, I think I'm going to take that vacation, I could use some sun lol."
,Recommended,252830,12207655,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Boy Lag,test
,Recommended,252830,16627413,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"this is 2d horror survival game,i play NM in my first run, and get screwed all the time :(break your defence by atmosphere, shocked by object and ghost (and his main theme...)traps are freak and sick, never survive from those damn designs only away from them>>>>>>>>Warning<<<<<<Nightmare you can't kill monster or ghost, and increase fears very fastsometimes you must know how to find your way out and skip the trap and objectgood luck and wake up"
76561198077808520,Recommended,252830,11126568,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LMG,"Check out my video Review of Claire on my youtube channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4CczR0H8OAShameless plug aside, Claire really does feel like a breath of fresh air on the indie Scene. The story, feel, art and the overall feel just comes together perfectly. I've played games with ten times the budget and three times the pricetag that didn't creep me out this much cough*daylight*cough.Overall the game comes together very well. Only two downsides to this game. Not able to set your own controls. I feel that is a must anymore(just my feeling). And the gameplay at times does feel a little too tunnel vision linear forced on you.Highly suggest you check it out."
76561198039708236,Not Recommended,252830,13299338,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,KumikoSeph,"It started out interesting, but then it became extremely repetitive and rather boring. It was easy to get lost in the game even with the map as sometimes I would go through one door and find myself in a completely different map-area and when I tried to head back through the same door to get back to where I was before, it wouldn't let me go back and it would take forever to get back to where I needed to be. The save points aren't frequent enough for my taste and it's easy to lose track of your sanity and health. I am afraid I was disappointed with this game :("
76561198013955888,Not Recommended,252830,12805834,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Karakter78990,"Looks like a really good game. Sadly it is currently unplayable for me : can't rebind keyboard or gamepad keys. Since I use an azerty keyboard and the game presumes that you use a qwerty keyboard, it just doesn't play well at all and as I said you can't rebind the keys. No luck with a gamepad either. Just wait until the dev's fix that.I will keep my negative review, I'd just like to point out that after 2 years the games still isn't patched. The dev clearly disrespected his customers by promising a patch that never came while the game has tons of problems (can't rebind key being just one of them). So do yourself a favor and avoid this game and this dev !"
76561198012962211,Not Recommended,252830,15635586,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"A lot of potential, but doesn't live up to it. This is mainly a 2D side-scrolling hallway navigation game with some survival horror elements thrown in (elements which are the only compelling part of an otherwise tedious game) and a COMPLETELY WORTHLESS ""map"". The plot and characters are so vague as to be uninvolving after the initial revelations, and the puzzle resolutions are often COMPLETELY unintuitive -- NOTHING in the game will even SUGGEST how various puzzles could be solved, so plan to rely entirely on dumb luck or a walkthrough. Especially since the map is so buggy players should NEVER consult it -- it will be wrong roughly 75% of the time."
,Not Recommended,252830,25486100,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Rmmmike,"Developers abandonded this game after 2 years.Horror is somewhat a mix of Silent Hill and, well really just Silent Hill. While playing this my thoughts went back to SH2 and how much I wanted to play that game instead. The inventory controls are a nightmare on keyboard and there are gamebreaking bugs.The lighting is nice though, and the pixelated style makes Claire look great, but that's honestly all it has going for it."
,Not Recommended,252830,14118519,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Red Star Fox,"So far from what I have seen of the game and not playng it yet is this.The story and graphics are amazing just by reading the basic plot preview and watching some videos for it.BUTI own a windows 8 laptop and I personally have had more problems trying to the the game than playing it.Honestly I am afraid to run it because of the issues I have had trying to run it. What if I start playing, the game messes up and I can't play it?An update or patch needs to be made before I post a good review of the game, otherwise I just wasted my money"
76561198008196389,Not Recommended,252830,16341997,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,NoodleSlinger,"I'm glad I bought it on sale.This game isn't exactly bad but it's not the greatest either. The controls are ok, but the map doesn't really help much when you look at it. The map is an overview map and it's a side scrolling game. I'm sure you can see the issue.It's like a watered down Silent Hill but sidescrolling (I could swear most of the sounds were lifted from Silent Hill!). You wander around through rooms looking for helpful items while running away from things in the dark.If you're looking to be scared this game won't do it, unless you scare easy. The music and sounds are creepy  and can startle you when you happen on some unexpected monsters but you won't have nightmares."
,Recommended,252830,19757342,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vira Layton,10/10 because of dog.
,Recommended,252830,28879605,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,XirloGaming,Claire-Really amazing game I can't believe how much fun I had with this game. Honestly I don't ever play 2d style horror games but this game... Just FANTASTIC!
,Not Recommended,252830,13438766,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DracoMalus,"I'd liek to recommend this game but I can't.The controls can't be remappedNaivgation is insane..you have to keep checking the map every 30 seconds to know wher eyou are and with a gamepad (which can't be remapped as I said) it means going into the inventory menu and selecting MAP.  The game supposedly will let you remap that to a button but it doesn't work.   The place is big and side scrolling view is confusing as hell.Save points too far apart and too few.  It will be a long time between save points and sometimes it very easy to get killed (one shot and reload) and then reloading trying to remember what you have done and where you have been is difficult.  A plain old ""save anywhere you want"" is sorely needed.So far with just over an hour played it is incredibly frustrating.  I regret my purchase because it's just too annoying to play."
,Recommended,252830,22772876,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,DjGodary86,"If you like pschycologycal horror, then this game is for you. Nuf said."
76561197996451094,Not Recommended,252830,14012355,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Coldstop,The navigation in this game is annoying
,Not Recommended,252830,30039332,Posted: 19 February,all,Amadeus,"+ Atmoshpere+ Story+ Pixel graphic- Levels and gameplayI have stuck with these unlimited rooms in which I didn't understand where I should go. I walked in every rooms, but... I stuck. I did not understand how move to ""the pediatry"" or something like that. Game could have some help me with it."
76561198031597440,Not Recommended,252830,22788120,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,thunderbreak,Doors: The Game
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,252830,11178503,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,romulous,"Disappointing. The lack of save points (save points exist, but they are too far and few in between), and the insta-kill monsters make this a frustrating game to play. On the plus side, the concept is interesting, and the pixel graphics grow on you. On the downside, it is not very stable - I have had a number of game crashes, especially when clicking the Exit button on the main menu, and the high difficulty makes it a not very fun game to play. All in all, not recommended."
76561198090465459,Not Recommended,252830,11210060,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,maxdhs,The game description stated that it included a Japanese language option. There is no Language option tab in the game's preferences and when I turned Japanese language on in the main steam settings the game remained in English.
,Not Recommended,252830,12665303,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BadgerofWar,Silent Hill. IN 2DDDDD.
76561198117857596,Recommended,252830,17199281,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jessica Rabbit <3 :*,"I really enjoyed playing this game, thought the first area (the hospital) was rather dull and confusing.The school was a good section along with the Apartments. Just about to finish the game, and I'll admit the monsters did scare me at times.Over all though i would play it again."
76561198049823167,Recommended,252830,17743241,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jerry The Sea Cow,"I thought that ""Lone Survivor"" was a phenomenal game, so this one caught my attention.This games storytelling is quite different from Lone Survivor's, instead of keeping you questioning everything, this games slowly uncovers the story, and while somethings is up to intepretation, most of the story is already settled.This games strength is definitely in the tension of the storytelling. The different characters you meet, the use of young Claire's dream, and the interactive flashbacks is excellent at keeping the player excited for uncovering more.The game does bring up some really dark subjects, which I do appreciate, though, it falls short when it comes to the controls. In the length of the game it does become repetitive.It does have a creepy atmosphere, some creepy imagery and a very Lone Survivor'ish art style (which I liked so I'm not complaining). The monsters is not exactly that scary, and the hidding mechanism lacks intensity.So it really comes down to if you like the story and/or if you can sympathise with the main character. I myself were able to feel for her and while I thought that the story could use a bit more support from the puzzles and different areas, instead of only a few people hidden around the map (I loved those people interactions, though it just didn't feel like it was enough to keep my attention the whole way through), it sure was an emotional rollercoaster through the mind of our protagonist. I will recommend it to those who think that the story sounds intriguing, though don't buy it for the survival horror part of the game, since that has been done a lot better in many other titles."
76561197998608359,Recommended,252830,17542190,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,NeuroHack,"I have recorded a video review, you may watch it here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF63fXeEFdQ"
76561198045786756,Recommended,252830,16267781,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kagexkenshin,A lot fun and a great story. Worth it!
76561198063039791,Recommended,252830,16341192,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Za Warudo,"Claire is the type of horror game that evokes some kind of thought and want from its player. The game feels like a side-scrolling version of Silent Hill (especially with the sound effects), and although it isn't all too terrifying, the game makes you want to finish it. Exploration is key in this game due to its nice map system, although as a warning you might not want to explore all the areas as some of them are death traps. The health and sanity are a nice touch, but the game is unclear on how you regain sanity back (try hiding in closets). The exposition of the story however is not the best, since you might still be confused as to what is going on in the story even when you're done. I would recommend getting this game on sale so that you don't focus too much on lamenting on how much you spent on this game but rather enjoy it to its full extent.7/10 may play again in the future."
,Recommended,252830,13266813,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Blackwolfdave,"Note:Played blind on nightmare and I can't finish itShort Version:If you liked Lone survivor or you want some 2d with some silent hill vibe (and sound effects) get the game, you'll like it but do yourself a favor and don't play this on nightmare because it'll get frustrating if you go blindLong read:Design:If you fancy pixel art or have played and liked lone survivor's artstyle you won't have trouble with the design, every room is made with a lot of detail and really gives you that  creepy feeling the game aims for, unfortately the monsters that try to kill you lack that creepyness and they're just weird things that happen to shiv you to death.Another thing the game doesn't get right is the map, you might get lost a lot or run into rooms you didn't even wanted to go because the layout of the room and the map is a bit confusing (or maybe its just me) and just like silent hill when you find a blocked door the game marks it on your map but here the game sometimes doesn't mark them off when the door is bolted, minor things in my opinion but can be annoying when you have no clue where to go and wander around areas you think haven't explored but you already didGameplay:Pretty simple you move left or right, interact with things and solve puzzles, you can't fight monsters though, also you have a stress and health meter, the stress well afects your health so if Claire is lossing her♥♥♥♥♥♥she can die of a heart attack or lose health bit by bit if Claire is calm she'll be ok but if she's horryfied she'll start loosing health this prooved to be a problem to me because I could never get her stress down she'd always freak out and I'd have to use health items to keep her alive untill I'd find a saveroom this on normal difficulty won't be a problem if you go blind so as I said before on nightmare this game can get VERY frustrating.I'm at the end of the game I have 2 items left and I can't get to the last area of the game because she keeps dying on me xDSound:You'll hear some sound effects from silent hill wich are cool they add to the vibe of the game, the rest of the time you'll hear a variety of noises that will keep you tense not much to say here you'll have to experience itStory:Won't go into details here but the only thing I'd say is that it has been donde before but is interesting, some collectables add to the backstory of the gameShould you get it?Yeah if you're a fan of the horror genre it will keep you entertained for around 4-5 hours depending on how much you die or wander around, for the real hardcore people there's nightmare, collectables and various endings"
76561197996488188,Recommended,252830,13267122,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Breaker,"Even though I did not finish the game yet, but it really sticks me to my chair. It has brilliant atmoshphere, a bit depressive but it  makes an advantage for the game. The design is also great, high quality pixel art which I would really love to see in other games in this category. Cannot wait to see whats coming up next from this developer team."
76561198007982767,Recommended,252830,15314082,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Nero,Good*story*musicCons*you can't figth back*Short stanimaAdviceuse your items wisely beacuse there limited. The story is short but still great game.
76561198054997230,Recommended,252830,12920682,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Schopenhauer,"This is basically 2d Silent Hill.Is not the same, but at night with good volume could be ♥♥♥♥ing scary.I love it, im just 2hs but i can't stop."
76561198085184194,Recommended,252830,11541530,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Alpha Wulf,Like this game so far.Dont usually play this style of game (2d).But Im liking it more than I thought I would.Cool scenary with great ambience.Strange monsters/spirits(?).A dog!?! Its pretty interesting.http://youtu.be/tIl40fP0nds?list=UUq4_vLcMTV9XcHkbZy-WBNA
76561198119595824,Recommended,252830,18328579,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jacob Harper,PROS:-The graphics and the lighting are amazing!-The bits of story kept me interested.-A few clever puzzles here and there.-The atmosphere built up tension after a while.CONS:-Endless mazes of hallways and rooms that are annoying to navigate.I would recommend this game to anybody who is just starting out with horror games. I found this game to be less intense than most horror games and instead focuses on story and a creepy atmosphere.
,Recommended,252830,18377433,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Audiostorm,"The game is simple but it does the job. A sidescroll 2D horror game where a cute punk girl has to survive some freaky night. Controls a bit confuse at beginning but soon get used to it, the game go nice. System is pretty much similar to Amnesia the dark Descent, you check the char status, items and flashlight power on menu, as well as map, journal and notes. The game flows as the same idea also. Searching a huge map and try to avoid/hide dark creatures while solve a puzle. The BGM is very tense. Good to play with headphones at night.This far, a good game. Have mine thumbs up."
,Recommended,252830,18445145,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Flaherty,"Cool game, spooky atmosphere, easy to play but not so easy it's boring.  The only real problem I had was figuring out the map but once you get how it works it's pretty easy to follow."
76561198048365487,Recommended,252830,18466659,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,OmegaC,"Having played this and finished it all I can say is it's a pretty decent game.The music is fairly ambient and do enhance the mood of the game.The gameplay is basic. I played through the game with the default controls, which consists of: A=Left, D=Right, E=Interaction F=Light/Flashlight, Shift=Run, Space=Jump, I=Inventory, N=Notes, M=Map. If the default control scheme doesn't work out for you or seem kind of unappealing, then there's the option to change the controls in the Options.The puzzles aren't too hard, there are only a couple that are just worth mentioning, the last puzzle I don't think had any explanation, or I simply must've missed it. It consisted of rotating wheels and I passed it by simply turning and hoping for the best. The other one would be the 'Kübler-Ross model' puzzle where you pick the tablets in the following order that makes up 'The Five Stages of Grief'.There are a few faults that I've experienced while playing the game. When meeting people, naturally the game would leave a mark on the map where they are. In one case it didn't happen.Another one would be where an enemy somehow hacked past through the wall and while I was on a ledge and technically out of reach from it, it still managed to hurt me."
76561198155837880,Recommended,252830,13279809,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Nyxie1984,Wonderfully creepy little game with a great atmosphere and top soundtrack to match. Loved it :D
76561198078830918,Not Recommended,252830,17737470,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sheisty Individual,"boriiiiiiiiiiing as ♥♥♥♥, open a door, look at map, go to next room, bring out the map again and onand on, so cryptic and awfuly made level design, so i quit playing after, i dont remember 1 hour ,maybe.i really wanted to like the game though.HElp people out for no reason. your character doesnt react or seem surprised by the♥♥♥♥♥♥going on around her...i don't get it"
76561198008186680,Not Recommended,252830,33781897,Posted: 25 July,all,HeyApple,Pros:1.Average Art Style + Atmosphere.2.Average Story.Cons:1.Mediocre gameplay (Puzzles).2.Horrible navigation + broken map (No sense of moving forward of backward).3.Incomplete controller button mappings.4.Backtracking simulator (Feels tedious due to 2nd reason).5.Instant appearing dialog texts Instead of transitioned text.
,Not Recommended,252830,35229985,Posted: 26 September,all,Bäumchen,"Gamebreaking-BugI can't enter the pediatrics, Claire just doesn't move anymore. The hospital's map is awful and confusing, but apart from this it's an atmospheric little pixel horror game with an interesting story. Too bad that I can't play any further."
