user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,252870,28629966,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Quester,"> Watch an engineer tutorial on youtube> Join a random open match> Get in the bridge, fires up the warp drive in the middle of a fight we can't win> ""Engines are ready to engage on your mark sir""> The captain answers ""Get us out of here! Engage!""> Hit the warp buttonI've waited all my damn life to do this."
,Recommended,252870,32517458,Posted: 17 June,all,boski,"Quite honestly the screenshots on the store page make this game look terrible. Don't let it fool you, I feel the devs need to up their game with showing it off well, the video is better but still needs redone to blow customers out the water.I HIGHLY suggest you buy this, it's one of the best COOP experiences I've had an what a laugh it is. I was hesitant after seeing the store page and especially the price but ignore all that, buy it. It's an amazing game!"
,Recommended,252870,20237657,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,0Bennyman,"I played this game for 6 Hours Straight immediately after purchasing.>First Crew>Be Engineer>Say Hello>Get Kicked>Second Crew>Be Engineer>People seem nice>Start adjusting things slightly>Someone Warps>I get blamed>We get attacked>Something gets set on fire>We blow up>Same Crew>Someone is engineer>Pilot is only space left>Choose Pilot>Align Ship>Warp>We are attacked>Enemy is below us>Not sure what to do>Someone tells me to get under enemy>I do>We destroy it>Get told Good Job>This is fun>Someone gets kicked>Glad it's not me>Many warps and fights later>Told I am really good>Asked if played this or games like it before>'Not really'>Get told I'm good again, feel proud>6 Hours later we have died a couple times>Completed a lot of missions>Had quite a few different people join me and the captain>Eventually we part ways>So many memories>So Sad>Many Tears11/10 Best Damn Game Ever.In seriousness I had so much fun, I was a fan of FTL but not a hardcore fan but this game brings the feeling of being a vital part of a crew, every action you take could save everything or destroy everything. And while you're manning the pilot seat or adjusting sliders you know that there are other people also trying their best to keep the ship alive. At the moment, to my knowledge, you don't fight other players but if that could be an addition to the game It would make it 100x better!Though lacking of content, performing tasks is so satisfying that I don't even pay much attention to everything else. If you like FTL, Coop games or Space Exploration games then BUY THIS GAME NOW. You will not regret it."
76561198072204990,Recommended,252870,18223503,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,metal4,"Even though this game is lacking a bunch of content, the updates are frequent and I have yet to find a game breaking bug. What surprised me the most was how complacent you can get. There you are with your friends just chillin' like villains after raiding a repair yard to get some free Hull repairs then you all decided to Warp to the next area. With 2:30 to kill, we play a bit of fire extinguisher tag in the lounge while somebody threatens to eject the core for funsies. As we approach our destination, we all man our stations. We warp into an area with 2 ships that each have an automated Drone to assist them offensively. ""SCIENCE! GET US OUT OF HERE! EMERGENCY WARP CHARGE NOW!"" I screeched. But to the entire crew's disapproval, we have not yet charged our instant jump program and are now forced to fly the unfriendly skies. We made for an asteroid to use it's caverns as cover amidst the laser barrages while we try and figure out a game plan. ""2 Minutes until jump"" my engineering officer yells. Knowing we can't survive for that long, I have everybody suit up as I give orders to the Pilot. ""Ramming speed! Get us close!...as we anxiously watch the teleporter screen eek closer and closer to teleportation range. The ships groans and moans with discontent as I place every last XP point into Crew pistol damage and Health. Just as the reactor sends out a red alert notifying us it has reached temperautres that can nearly fuse Hydrogen into Helium, we teleport onto the enemy ship. The real battle has just begun...these enemies are on my new ship, they just don't know it yet."
76561197966267133,Recommended,252870,22799650,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Corpral Lungfish,"Upon joining the game, the acting-co-captain proceeds to order me to take 15 laps around the bridge to ""prove my loyalty to the crew""I take my 15 laps, perhaps earning their respect.We beam down to a planet on an away mission and the acting-co-captain orders me to take 5 laps around a giant mushroom to ""prove my determination to the cause""I take my laps.Acting-co-captain orders me to defend the ""tree"" with my life while they go off to fight slugs.I stay for a moment, then disobey orders and join them. Acting-co-captain demands to know why I abandoned my post. I reply, ""sir, you ordered me to defend the tree when in fact it was a giant mushroom.""Moment of silence.""You are a smart man, alright, come with us"" he says.I feel warm inside.We beam back onboard and take on a new pilot. Acting-co-captain orders him to take 30 laps. I proceed to verbally berate him and shoot at his feet as he runs by. I call him scum, I tell him he is filth, and I order him to, ""prove his loyalty to the crew""I feel warm inside. I did good.The acting-co-captain looks at me and nods.I did good. I am one of them now."
,Recommended,252870,23532379,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Rocktalon,"First time playing as engineer. Third ship.Big 'ol battle, our pilot and gunner are doing a phenomenal job, So much power is being drained that the core was about to go into meltdown.Did what any engineer would do and ejected the core.Nothing happened.Fight ends, our ship had almost no armor.Our pilot asks what the blue thing isOur experienced gunner says it's lootOur pilot says he knows what loot looks like, and that it's not loot,Gunner says it mus be a graphical glitch.Captain and science monkey, both see it too.Engineer decides to go see what is happening.Last thing anyone on the ship hears is the bridge door opening, and the engineer shouting ""THAT'S OUR CORE!""11/10 would blow up ship again"
76561197987202309,Recommended,252870,20939757,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Unicron9,"What a breath of fresh air! I haven't had this much fun playing a co-op game with people online in years.My first time trying it  out I was on a small ship with one guy, neither of us having a clue what we were doing but we figured some things out enough to get somewhat comfortable with the basics of a couple of positions. Piloting the ship was straight-forward enough and so was manning the turrets. Time to look for a game with more people.Next game I hopped in I was the pilot. Whenever I didn't know what to do the captain was kind enough to explain, and things were simple enough to learn. I played and learned with that full crew of 5 for about an hour.Next game I was the gunner, also very simple to learn if you ever played any games in your life before, and I felt good being an important part of why we made it through fights with drones and other ships.Engineer took a bit more of friendly people explaining what things did, but I found I didn't always have a lot to do so I continued asking questions so I would have some understanding of science and captain positions.The next night I played a game as scientist and the crew had to explain a good number of things to me, but within an hour I had a full understanding of my duties and we played for 5 hours straight.That's right. I played a co-op game with 4 strangers for 5 hours straight.We explored planets, completed missions, applied talent points to improve or characters, collected scrap and upgrades and sold things we found to buy better ship components, and eventually boarded and stole a more powerful enemy ship by sheer planning, strategy, and team work.I definitely got a strong Star Trek feel from the game, which was very much a good thing in my opinion, and in 2 days I felt like the game by far earned its price of admission, something so many early access games these games never do even up to completion.The only downside was that the graphics are pretty dull overall even on highest settings.9.5/10 for a teamwork based space co-op online game that is still in beta."
,Recommended,252870,20690205,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,coke,-blazed pilot-drunk engineer-blind gunner-mentally challenged scientist-captain is a ten-year-oldnothing could go wrong
,Recommended,252870,18375299,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,armorall171,"I've never really written a review but this game really deserves one. (I hope it doesn't suck)I bought this game last night and jumped on to captain my first ship! I was really excited hadn't done any research on anything just jumped straight in, As a warning this game has no tutorial [Yet].Within the first 20 minutes I had a full crew. We all jumped on teamspeak and I meet a couple of great guys that I could enjoy this game with.We were excited and ready to go! We warped we Landed, we died. Very quickly. In fact this happened several times. We weren't annoyed at our death, we talked to each other about what went wrong and what we could do to improve. We got excited to get out and kick some♥♥♥♥♥ (Finally). By the time we started to win the action heated quickly and we where all having a blast. Each role has their own tasks and they're very interesting and require intricate cooperation so you don't die a horrible fiery death. Within the first few hours of playing we'd explored planets, completed missions and killed lots of bad guys (Without dying!!!). We upgraded our ship, shields, Core, Guns, engines everything. The upgrading of the ships is unreal and one of my favourite things to do as captain. After the 4 hour mark the games difficulty started to sky rocket, we could barely kill anyone, we where getting wrecked almost every time. At this point the science guy was finally able to start his role. Running programs to keep us alive and to stop the enemy ship from moving and or keeping  shields running. We finally started to do well again and then, they attacked. the enemy bored our ship and killed us from within!!! So now we have to run a ship and fend of pirates,♥♥♥♥♥♥yeah! We also discovered we could do this, send on two crew to get inside and shut down their reactor bail and kill them with ease. This is the limit of what I've done so far, so I'll go on to points about good and bad.Pros: To sum everything up nicely.- Pulsar is very cooperative, in fact working as a team is REQUIRED! Makes every player feel needed even if they're not blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up.- Pulsar has one of the best atmospheres ever. Sounds, shacking and lighting. It really sucks you into the action even though you're in a dark room with no windows, You know when you've been shot and you're in an epic space battle!!!-  Ship upgrades add more depth and keep in interesting.Cons: Please note this is a beta (Early Access review)- The balancing needs work. The game is either too hard or too easy.- Content, Yes I've played this game for 8 hours and I'm not bored. But this game needs some content, more ships, more exploration and more missions! We've done all the missions and making credits is getting harder...- First person content, is fast paced and exciting. But is currently VERY limited and feels bland compared to space combat.- An enemies feel and move like robots.Some idea I had, thought I could share.- Further ship upgrades, Shield resistance modifiers. Science already has one, but upgrades for that would be sweet.- Drones! Little tiny helper ships of death, win/win if you ask me.Hull Breach, You're standing in a room that has hole and got sucked into space, too bad. Not only would it be epic but it would make the room useless. increasing difficulty.- Bombarding planets. You have big space guns? Why not take out enemies on the ground.- Capturing enemy ships for parts. It should be harder to capture a ship, but the rewards should be greater too.- More differences in ships, I should be able to have 10 guns on my ship! on 2 on my other ship. Or more main guns etc. OR even missile boats. So just missiles with bonuses to storage ect.- Tractor beam, to get items from a distance.- EVA, I should be able to go out of my ship in space to conduct repairs and attack the enemy head on!- Upgrade to computers to include a library of viruses. You could load and unload programs, You keep the current max, But you can swap them out in battle to change your load out. It would need to have a load time like, It will take 2 minutes to transfer this program or something.- Crew needing sleep and food, More RP like game play?I think this sums it up nicely, Hope I make sense. This game has a bright future ahead. I won't say buy it now, But I've definitely felt like it was money well spent!Keep up the work devs! You're making a one of a kind game that personally I've been waiting for!!!"
,Recommended,252870,20367850,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Gabeux,">> For a TL:DR read, check the Conclusion section.PULSARis best described as a mix between Guns of Icarus and FTL in a open-world, and on a more sandboxy setting.It's basically a very-light-starship-simulator where players take different roles. There's The Captain, The Pilot, The Scientist, The Engineer and The Weapons Specialist. So 5 players per session.It sits on a very nice spot of ""not hardcore"" and ""not casual"". So you can easily read the compact manual about a certain role, take on a game, and most captains will be really helpful if you're a new player (in my experience).For future reference, the game doesn't seem to be intended to be a hardcore sim.Regarding content, there's not enough to warrant the current price tag. It really is an Early Access project.However, there's enough fun stuff to get an idea of what's coming:General Features:- Crew levels up, which grant talent points that the players can assign to become more efficient. Each role have general and specific traits to pick.- Quest system in place that gives good amounts of money, experience and helps slow down 'Chaos' build-up (more about that later).- Inventory and Locker system. Different guns are available, and improved tools (+3 Fire Extinguisher, etc). There's also a Scanner that helps to detect enemies and loot on planetside missions. The Captain can access and move items between crew members.- Every class has its station. Pilots have the helm, Scientists deal with computer programs and viruses (like heals, buffs and debuffs), scanners, and also have passive area healing, Engineers deal with the power system and warp drive, Weapons Specialist with the main guns, missiles and nuclear devices. Captain have talents that benefit the whole crew, and he'll probably be too busy coordinating missions, routes and checking fuel/components/cargo/equipment/crew request to do anything else - but generally he can do whatever he wants.- Captain can add money to a shared crew account (""allowance"") which crew can use to buy better personal equipment. He can also, of course, withdraw money from there so a new player don't spend the last 12k on a gun that someone already have in their locker.- Ship can be upgraded and slightly customized (component-wise, at the moment).- There are AI bots if you decide to play singleplayer (or if nobody joins on multiplayer). They are not ideal, but it enables you to learn the game, and they perform well enough on their roles.However, as soon as you jump into a good session with a real crew (even on public games), you'll not want to play with AI. I already added around 10 good people in 2 days.- There's a save system, so you can revert if things go badly or if someone griefs you. I believe there are options like an ""Ironman mode"", and probably more difficulty options are planned.Combat Features:- Space battles that could have catastrophic results if your engineer decides to overheat your ship and eject your core, or if your scientist is drunk and refuses to set the shields properly or activate the Emergency Shields program.- You can already board and capture enemy ships, which include bosses that have the best ships and gear on the game. Or you can tell one of your crew members to take a walk in an enemy ship, disable their shields, destroy their Engineering Subsystem and come back.- Subsystems can be destroyed and repaired. They can also be set on fire, which can spread around the ship if no one looks at the Ship Status screen.Exploration Features:- Planets that require the team to beam down and engage different enemies, find loot (including some good finds that might make the whole crew yell in excitement), and have everyone hug the Scientist and his passive healing when evil robots start firing everywhere.- Minefields with scrap, different systems with different features, black holes, cool sights.Chaos:Chaos is the difficulty meter of the game. It raises little by little the more you play, and the more ""evil"" things you do.It also raises the speed by which civilized systems become ""Infected"" systems - which arereallydifficult to fight in.There is something of a plot and NPCs on stations tells you some stories, but everything plot-related is probably planned for a later date.Conclusion:PULSAR: Lost Colony can be VERY fun if you play with friends or people that want to go through a game properly.If you enjoy cooperative multiplayer games, and like space games enough to support them early on development, by all means, join up.However, for most audiences, there's not enough content to warrant a buy at the moment. So, at least, wishlist/follow it!If you are really on the fence, I suggest you watch some gameplay videos. I did that, and ended up buying the game.See you in space, probably dying in glorious battle against a Small Drone. :)"
76561198164669417,Recommended,252870,21377672,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Multi,captain: cant speak and pronounces missles as micchelspilot: probably the smartest person on boardweapon specilist: has terrible hiccupsengineer: wants to see what happens when you eject the warp core while in warpscience: keeps dropping out and getting replaced by some one elseall in all 9/10
,Recommended,252870,23105489,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bigus Dickus,"10/10 My friend said ""what does this button do"" and sent us into a blind jump we ended up in low orbit of a star and burned to death"
76561198043331458,Recommended,252870,19482400,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mark,"Started as a completely fresh faced newbie playing alone, another newbie jumped on.We continued to die a dozen times before slowly learning the ropes, and we passed what we learned onto our friends. Then some veterans came online and taught us all the heavy stuff, and before I knew it I was six hours in launching viruses and juggling a not-quite critical reactor core.This game is amazing. Just buy it."
76561198002156047,Recommended,252870,21350156,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SirScuttles,"This game is like playing as the crew members of an FTL game. Difficultly increases over time.  Each person has a role to play with their own responsibilities. Anyone can assume the responsibilies of another role, but there are perks and bonuses only available if you are playing a certain role.Bots are available for single player or when you can't fill all the roles. AI for bots is quite lacking yet, so it is best played with other people.Updates are slow, but consistent and meaningful. I enjoy it thoughly and look forward to each update."
76561198059187966,Recommended,252870,24865690,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kroq-Gar,"The immersion in this game is phenomenal.First game, we were chased by these things called Infected.We were chased through a minefield, I was tasked with shooting down their projectiles while the pilot navigated our crippled ship to warp-range for our escape.We took enough hits to eventually bring us to imminent death, I held the line. One by one, the projectiles were precisely shot down using the last of our momentum, and we escaped to warp-range.Cheers and praise from every crew member came about; Things like ""DID YOU SEE ME DODGE THAT MINE WHILE YOU REROUTED TO POWER, AND HE SHOT DOWN THAT MINE BEFORE I RAMMED IT ACCIDENTALLY!?""So much comradery, in such a simple and fun aspect of Gaming. Brilliant.And it's even more fun with Friends."
,Recommended,252870,24832736,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,smode,better than no mans sky
,Recommended,252870,23336156,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Robbon,"-Gets Intrepid class ship.-Gets friends to man full crew-Tells engineer to activate warp on my command-Stand up from desk-""Engage""-Jumps to warp-Mutes microphone-Has Nerdgasm-Un-mutes microphone-Feels like Picard-Pilot informs ships ETA-Relaxes in captains chair-Drinks tea, Earl Grey, Hot.In all serious this game is fantastic. The gameplay is thrilling, all classes are exciting are entertaining and you are able to play for hours on end. I am a huge fan of space exploration games and this in my opinion up there with one of my personal favorites, Elite: Dangerous. The mutiplayer seem very stable and we as a full crew (consists of five) had no problems except for when my friend pulled out a gun and it looked like a star: it went away after about 34 seconds. The subtle references embedded in the game are well placed and made the crew smile. The (as we tagged them)""Away missions"" are fun from asking people on space stations for jobs to beeming down to a planets surface and fighting huge ant mosters! Overall I recommend anyone who likes Space, Roleplay, Teamwork, Space Teamwork to buy and support this fantastic game and It's developers.Nominated for The “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award.9/10 - ""This boldly goes where some games have gone before"""
,Recommended,252870,19662627,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Rymarre,This game accurately portrays how a Kerbal feels when it knows it's gonna die in Kerbal Space Program.
76561198029614576,Recommended,252870,19312023,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,[ML] AchillesLT2,"Day 1 Captains Log:I have put together a small crew and we finally embark on our inter-stellar journey. We came underattack by many security drones who engaged us on site. They were easy prey and yielded much needed scrap that eventually sold. The crew seemed pleased. No troubles hereDay 5 Cpatians Log:We found a planet. It appears to be a molten planet inhabited by strange Lava creatures. I gave the order to exterminate them. No creature like that can ever be useful, or friendly. Of course, I would have sent a larger exploration force to the planet had I known there were lifeforms on the surface, but my science officer a man by the name of SCIBOT was more interested in the strange alien pumpkin that resides on the bridge than any of his duties. As soon as we dock at the nearest station He Fired.As for my Engineering officer he seems more focused exploring the vast expanse of the galaxy, or finding enemies to kill than manning his post twice now we nearly had to jettison the core due to overheating. And for the life of me i dont understand how he cant keep our engines online in a fight.My Tactical Officer doesnt want to use her missles and is often times facing the worng direction when we come into a fight. I swear this cannot be the same person i hired 4 days ago. Had i the techincal know how to operate the main cannon i would. I am also beginng to suspect her of an Atrium Healing pad addicition. Perhaps i could replace her and make her the new science officer she cant be any worse than SCIBOT.My pilot has to be the only truely competant member of my crew he's always at his post. He's always vigilant and always ready to react to any situation.Day 5 Chief Engineers Log:How did i get here? Everything was perfect when I first signed up for this gig, but now its all gone to hell. That Science Officer is worthless. I mean sure he knows his craft, but the guy is more interested in those damend pumpkins all over the ship thna he is with anything else. I'm pretty sure the Captain is going to shoot him pretty soon. Oh and the Captain is a moron. If you push the ship too hard your going to risk a core meltdown. But noooo, every fight he has to have all systems at max power and the ship at full burn FLank speed. Any first year officer would know that with running a ship like that you're going to run a core overheat. Our weapons officer is kinda flakey too I think she just fires the main cannon to watch the pretty light more times than not I jumped on a turret just to kill the enemy. Anyway I should probably get back to fixing the engines. I almost forgot about them.Day 5 Tactical Officers Log:Wow I've never been on a real spaceship before. Everyone here is super cool and really nice. I mean the Captian can get yelly sometimes, but he means the best. We must be like the best at our jobs because we keep getting in fights and winning. I get to fire the big shiny gun. It reminds me of the 4th of July. Anyway I'll see you later mom.Day 5 Science Officers Log:Pumpkin. Space Pumpkin. Space Pumkin with sparkles? Space SParkle Pumpkin. Tell me your secrets sPace Sparkle Pumpkin.Day 5 Pilots Log:Were all going to die."
76561198003610911,Recommended,252870,22010649,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BigNurse,"This game is as good as everyone says...My very first playthrough, one eight hour session:I joined my first game as a new player, as the captain of course!Team of Russian crewmen joined including wepan specializt, eengineer, and pilet. Taught me to speak Russian including ""jump!"" (pizhot!) and ""fire!"" (ogon!). European scientist joined who helped teach the crew valuable German through recital of ""Du Hast"".We proceeded to traverse the galaxy under my command, which was eventually inspired by the hardy Russian crew to be aided by the use of !!VODKA!! At this point my direction became more steadfast than ever, and our vessel became a deadly warship of destruction. As our journey came to end we decided it was time for us to use our nuclear warhead (which failed!) while facing our most formiddable foe: the Grim Cutlass.Without spoiling the outcome of our grand comrade voyage, let me just finish by saying that in Pulsar: Lost Colony, adventure awaits you, if you choose to accept your mission!"
,Recommended,252870,28466299,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,obliviondoll,"It's kind of hard to explain exactly what this game is. It's like a mix of Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator, FTL, Guns of Icarus, and a few episodes of various space-based sci-fi series. It plays out primarily in first-person view (the pilot can get a third-person external view of the ship when piloting, however), and each player fills one of 5 roles - Captain, Pilot, Engineer, Scientist, Weapons officer. Every role has a few specialities which they'll be useful to have on board to help with.In space combat, each player has a station to attend, which provides them with a selection of tools useful for enhancing the ship's performance in many ways. They also have the very high probability of panicking when something gets set on fire and completely losing track of what they're meant to be doing, which is AWESOME.When doing away missions, everyone's job is to basically shoot everything that moves, and pick up anything that isn't bolted down. So... maybe there's a bit of Elder Scrolls or something in the mix too?Anyway, the point is, you run around on your ship, repairing damage and manning various systems in fights, and you run around on other ships and planets shooting enemies/aliens/robots/anything else that catches your eye. And it's all co-op, played with a crew of up to 5 friends, with each of you playing a different role on board the ship. If you're missing any job, you can stick an AI in that slot to work with you, and it's possible (though not usually easy) to run a ship with only one human player. The game is obviously not intended to be played solo, however, and while the AI has a very flexible customisation system to make them behave pretty much exactly how you need them to, they're just not as entertaining as human crewmates. Even with only 2 people, the AI filling the other slots will be sufficient to provide a pretty good time, but it really shines when you have 3 or more on board the ship, working together (or at least TRYING to).While I recommend the game, I do so with the caveat that it IS an early access title, and it isn't a finished product by any means. The content already in the game is great, and shows a lot of promise for future additions, but it isn't going to live up to everyone's hopes and dreams in its current state. If you're unsure, I recommend checking out a few YouTube videos before you buy."
,Recommended,252870,18986519,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,TadrilLokrien,"Just got it tonight, and the first ship I get into is Captained by a very cordial Aussie. Took 10-15 minutes explaining things around the ship, and then my role in particular(Tactical). I knew some of it from watching Youtube, but I wanted to see how things were. We were already in space, and apparently our first goal was to board and take over the enemy ship. It was a rough battle, having to respawn multiple times before I realize we had taken out life support on the other ship, meaning there was no Oxygen...So after donning an environmental suit, I went over, neutralized the remaining crew and we took over the much more impressive ship.Our next few warps brought us to a derelict ship, layered with mines. After clearing the field with our turrets, scrap was ours for the gathering. We then stopped off at a space port. We repaired, sold our scrap and headed back off. We had a few other officers join and leave, but Captain Rider and myself eventually met up with a particularly resilant ship. After taking twice as long to strip the shields, the captain decided we would take that ship. We stormed it, and with better training than before, easily destroyed the critical systems for their defense and claimed the ship.Victory is sweet."
,Recommended,252870,32382041,Posted: 12 June,all,Kap'n Kibbles,"Great co-op game, frustrating singleplayer. Don't buy this unless you plan on playing multiplayer. The player interaction combined with the randomness that makes this great. Each class feels different and has very specific roles that actually are fun! When the crew are at their stations and the captain is giving commands its really beings to feel like you're living an episode of Star Trek. Space combat is more than just aiming at the enemy ship and firing, you have to match shield frequency to their weapons, launch cyber attacks, aim for specifc parts of the ship to cause different reactions, and even board them (everything I said can be happening at the same time!)Only complaints I can think of are: limited number of missions, limited number of planets, needs PvP, needs a way of making notes (labeling planets, creatures, etc), and more balanced end-game (it just ends up being  your crew fighting the boss that's grossly overpowered or fighting infected which feels like a chore)."
,Recommended,252870,24287026,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bush Did 9-11,"I joined my first game, i'm told to do scientist.No idea how to science.We die almost immediately due to unscanned ship and I join a new lobby.They tell me go engineerIgotthis.jpgidontgotthis.jpgaccidentally fire core and we all diejoin third lobby""hey go weapon specialist""now this I can doblow up every ship that comes across usdoing awesome, tons of geardie due to hitting an asteroid while pilot tries to take bathroom break while playing game10/10"
76561198006120253,Recommended,252870,26025996,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Vintage_Green,"This needs to drop price and offer a friends pack sale or something. I really want to get this for friends to enjoy but will not pay 30$ cdn to do so, just for a single copy of a early access game.8/10 price needs to drop."
76561198020524517,Recommended,252870,18082742,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DocOzzy,"This review will be in english and in french. I'll start with the english one.Cette évaluation sera en anglais et en français. Je commence par l'anglais.GraphicsThis game is very far from what we are used to in recent or upcoming games like Mad Max, Fallout, or Star Citizen (if we want to stay in the same game spirit).You should not expect some amazing visuals in this game. However, the design of the ships, of the HUBs, and of structures on planets can easily make you forget the flaws if you like space operas like I do.And even if you don't, there is something else that can get your attention : the possibilities in the gameplay.GameplayI only played for about 7h at the time I'm writing this. However, I also spent a lot of time reading the manual for every role (quite useful for anyone who wants to be Captain, as you can learn all you need to know to give correct orders to your crew).But I was absolutely amazed by how good the game system is. It's both complex and really simple. Complex because you need a slightly capable crew and a good captain in command to push your ship to its limits and discover all the possibilities the game offers. And simple because every panel speaks for itself and is understandable to anyone with at least 80 I.Q. The difficult part is to coordinate everyone.Because it really is a coop game. With your friends or with stranger, you will need a good communication if you don't want to see your core explode your ship because your engineer forgot to apply the coolant liquid in the middle of a furious fight with a drone. Yeah, that can happen, trust me.There is the possibility to play alone, with AI Bots in place of the different roles, but it's really not the same. And the Bots are still a work in progress and are not always responding as you'd expect.A good thing is, there's a small but nice community of players and an ""official"" teamspeak if you want to quickly find a crew and easily communicate with them.What's in the game yet ?Right now, you have several missions available, 5 different ships with differents components, weapons and internal configuration, a trade system for your ship at every station, few merchants in the main HUB to purchase better weapons or tools, the possibility to explore some planets, 5 very specific roles to control your ship and even more ...Remember this is still an early access, but it already has a buttload of stuff to do and discover.All of that in two sentences ?It's a better Star Trek game than any Star Trek game. It's really about managing your ship and going on an adventure, half simulation, half adventure game. The devs take care of the bugs as soon as they know there are some, there is already tons of content and even more scheduled in the next year, and if you like space opera and have some friends, this is what you need.Graphics : 6/10Gameplay : 9.5/10 (It's awesome, but nothing is perfect)Content already in game : 8/10Content scheduled : 9/10Devs communication and reactivity + update frequency : 9/10Overall quality : 8.5/10 But I expect it to go at 9.5 after a fiew more updates.Bien, passons maintenant à la review française.GraphismesCe jeu est très très loin de la qualité graphique que l'on trouve dans des jeux actuels ou à venir tels que Mad Max, Fallout ou encore Star Citizen (puisqu'on est dans le space opera).Ne vous attendez donc pas à des graphismes d'une qualité hallucinante. Cependant, le design des vaisseaux, des stations et même des structures planétaires permet d'oublier tout ça, en particulier si vous aimez le genre.Et même si ce n'est pas le cas, vous pourrez être séduit par les possibilités laissées par le gameplay.GameplayAu moment où j'écris, je n'ai que 7 heures de jeu derrière moi. Cependant, j'ai passé un certain temps à étudier les sytèmes et à lire l'intégralité des manuels présents sur le site (très utile si vous incarnez le Capitaine et voulez connaitre les systèmes à votre disposition).Et j'ai été très impressionné de la qualité globale du système de jeu. A la fois complexe et simple d'accès.D'abord complexe parce que vous aurez besoin d'un équipage réactif et d'un capitaine compétent pour pouvoir pousser votre vaisseau à ses limites et découvrir tout ce qu'il a à offrir. Et en même temps simple car chaque panneau de contrôle est relativement clair et peut être compris par n'importe qui. La vraie difficulté est de coordonner l'équipage.Car c'est bel et bien un jeu de coopération. Que ce soit avec des amis ou avec des inconnus, vous aurez besoin d'un bonne communication si vous ne voulez pas que votre réacteur surchauffe et vous explose dans les mains parce que votre ingénieur n'avais pas appliqué le liquide de refroidissement. Oui, ça arrive, croyez moi.Il y a la possibilité de jouer tout seul, en plaçant des bots aux différents postes, mais l'expérience n'est pas du tout la même. D'autant plus que les bots ne sont pas encore complètement au point et ne font pas toujours ce que vous attendez d'eux.Vous pourrez voir qu'il y a déjà une petite communauté sympathique, ainsi qu'un teamspeak plus ou moins officiel qui permet de trouver rapidement un équipage et de communiquer efficacement.Qu'est-ce qu'on peut faire dans le jeu pour l'instant ?A l'heure acutelle, il y a plusieurs missions disponibles, 5 vaisseaux très différents au niveau des composants, de l'armement et de la configuration interne, un système de commerce pour le vaisseau à chaque station, plusieurs marchands dans le HUB principal permettant d'ameliorer vos blasters et outils de réparation, 5 rôles différents et complémentaires, la possibilité d'explorer quelques planètes, et encore bien d'autres choses surprenantes ...Souvenez vous qu'il s'agit d'un accès anticipé, mais qu'il y a déjà beaucoup à faire et à découvrir.Tout ça résumé en trois mots ?C'est un meilleur jeu Star Trek que n'importe quel jeu Star Trek. Vous gérez vraiment votre vaisseau, à mi-chemin entre la simulation et l'aventure.Les développeurs sont très réactifs concernant les bugs, et en plus du large contenu déjà présent, encore plus est prévu au cours de l'année à venir.Si vous aimez les space operas et que vous avez quelques amis partants, ce jeu est fait pour vous.Graphismes : 6/10Gameplay : 9.5/10Contenu déjà présent : 8/10Contenu prévu : 9/10Réactivité et communication des développeurs + fréquence des updates : 9/10Qualité générale : 8.5/10 Mais je monterai certainement à 9.5 après quelques updates."
,Recommended,252870,19429296,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RedYeti,"This game deserves my taking time to write a review, even in it's early access phases. I see a lot of potential in this game. As-is, in early access release, there are some quirks, and have even had my server crash while playing with some pals. But, despite that, I'd still recommend playing this game. I was so excited by the initial play that I went out, and bought copies for buddies to get them on-board.Not meaning to steal thunder from this game, it does remind me of a slightly different variation on ""Artemis - Bridge Simulator"". Different game styles, as Artemis is designed for the group to be in the same room, and the console is the console of the bridge, rather than you controlling an avatar operating a console, the spirit of the game is the same. A grand social design to get players working together towards operating the same ship, with well defined roles.Granted, there are some things still not working in the game yet, and some odd ball quirks for getting around the galaxy, such as the missing waypoints when the captain issues orders by the starmap, it's very easily overcome. I don't mind asking for each sector to be the next jump alignment to get us going. It gives the captain a little more to do when there isn't fights, and fires, and away team missions.In the end, this is a seriously fantastic game for those who want to work cooperatively with a group in control of their respective components of a ship. Very well done.Dear dev's, PLEASE keep the work going on this. You have a life-time player, and advocate of your work from me.10/10, would boldy go again!"
,Recommended,252870,24800488,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dashrider,"the U.S.S. Moon Whaler had 56 minutes of glorius adventure and general faffing about when it was tragically shot down by a W.D. ship that was ""accidently"" fired on by the weapons officer.  As the captain I hope to be deployed to a new ship the U.S.S Sharknado.  Our science officer wouldn't shut up. 10/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,252870,31235930,Posted: 19 April,all,haha_titan,"I'm on the edge with this game. Personally, I believe this game is amazing. It's very fun and immersive, you seldom feel useless in your crew of 5.The problem I have with this game is how it lacks any goal. The main quest is currently in development so there's not much going on there.The quests you have currently are mostly all the same (They're definitely not the main attraction of the game). You find yourself saying ""I guess I'll just go there"" instead of going somewhere because you're certain that's where you want to go. You're just left wandering this empty space for long periods of time, hoping for something to do.PULSAR has a massive lack of content right now. Yes; Each individual job you can do on your ship is incredibly fun, and you can spend hours at a time on any single job (I prefer the scientist position),  but as a game in general, there is actually not a lot to do. If you want to have a lot of fun here, expect it to mostly be roleplay - And by that I mean, fake player-made goals.All in all, I don't think this game is worth your money. Yet. When (or if) more content is added, definitely pick this up. However just leave it for now.If the game is on sale for at least 50% off, however, go for it. No harm there, you'll probably earn your money's worth that way."
,Recommended,252870,18194037,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Barba-Q,"Ever wanted taking the captains chair on a spaceship?Being a part of a five brave man manned crew, everybody equipped with special abilities on the journey of infinite space adventure?Want to take your EVA suit on and loot out enemy forces in ancient alien buildings on planets no one has ever gone before? Then this game is for you.Kinda repetetive sometimes but still addicting and challenging as well.Level up the ship, level up your crew and lead everybody on board the way home, unharmed.Complete missions, go for new ones, repeat, and face the dangers of endless space.Between ground fighting, space battles and survival on an almost broken ship, everything goes for you and your team.For now theres some content's missing but with a few friends and the EA stat in mind this is a reason for a weekend to spend on your very own ship, with your very own adventure.A need for space adventurers and definitely worth the money.This game is gonna be a big one."
,Recommended,252870,30516852,Posted: 14 March,all,My Sweet Banana,"Captain's Log, Stardate 3142017.5.After spending many hours in various Starfleet simulators, including the illustrious Bridge Command simulations - I must say PULSAR:  Lost Colony has proven the most immersive.Still, this ""Lost Colony"" is not without flaws.  Below, I shall leave a detailed manifesto of my feedback regarding PULSAR.(Let me just say, I love this game a lots.  And I wanna see it succeed.  If anything sounds harsh, it's only 'cause I consider this game family and I believe in tough love.)THE VESSEL(S):The strongest aspect of this game is truly within the confines of the ships.  Customizing the parts, the simulated touch screens, the mostly detailed interiors help quite a lot with the immersion.  Although there are different ships to choose from, each with their own interior layout, you'll find yourself customizing the specifications to your crews needs.Being unable to jump/jetpack inside of the ship is a bit strange.There are some rooms that are strictly cosmetic, like the lounge, that I wish served more of a purpose.  If I could spend credits, or pick up crawler legs to cook in these rooms it would truly add to the immersion and give my ""at ease"" crew passive work and encourage them to use other rooms.It would also be neat to be able to leave actual entries in my ship log so my crew knows what was done in my ship's last voyage.Aside from my nitpicks, I must say the ships keep me coming back to the game.THE CREW:The Captain:  This is the least intuitive station on the whole ship.  As someone who has played Bridge Commander and other Trek sims, you'd think the Captain would work somewhat similar to PULSAR's predecessors.The Captain shoulders a lot of responsibility, but as it stands right now - it is a very boring position with a lot of power and not a lot of hands-on gameplay.The ""Z"" menu is great for ""general"" commands like the alert statuses and crew statuses.  However, I feel this screen should also tell me where my crew is in relation to me, and I should be able to ""spectate"" them so we can better coach them.I also think the alert statuses should be able to override engineering settings, ex:  Green Alert lowers power to weapons and shields, almost completely.  Yellow Alert raises shields, and Red Alert raises shields and weapons.When the Captain sits in his chair, issuing commands should be a breeze.  I feel as though 'overview' displays for each station should be closely visible and allow the Captain to queue up commands for a more tactical approach.EX:  On the Science overview, I can command my Scientist to run the Thruster Booster program and when my Scientist deems it appropriate, or is available - they run the program.  Of course suggestions for Shields and comm control would be here too.On the Engineering overview, I can monitor core temperature and suggest distress calls as well as coolant usage.On the Weapons overview, I can put in nuclear commands or call for ceasefire/attack/defensive/etc.On the Pilots overview, I should be able to issue directional commands as well as override ship controls (in the case of a fire or 'all hands on deck' repairs).This anchoring to the Captain's Chair would make it that much more devastating when the Captain has to leave his chair to man a turret, or put out a fire - it makes the crew work without their head.The Engineer:  My man should be able to beam people back up to the ship, give it a warmup like the warp drive.  The Engineer is definitely one of the strongest stations to play.  It's hectic, and tons of fun.  I do wish the Engineer could get a talent for swapping out parts we find along the way.  Maybe it destroys the piece you're replacing?  Maybe the engineer can use scrap/other hulls to repair the hull for emergencies?Not a lot of feedback, but if there were a way to make this role more active in the narrative.  If some missions have broken ships, rather than relaying supplies - can the engineer just board the ship and repair it?  It'd also allow for a bit of drama, where the engineer could be locked on the ship after repairing a ship's shields.The Scientist:  There is a lot of potential for this station beyond the scanning aspect.  The programs and viruses are great, but if hacking were more hands on I think ship-to-ship fights would be more rewarding for the Scientist.  A simple timed puzzle would work when trying to run a virus on an enemy ship, or when trying to repel one.  I'd also like to see the respawn mechanic depend on the Scientist more.  Often we found ourselves committing suicide to get back on the ship faster.  Maybe on planets and other stationary areas, the Scientist has to 'resurrect' you - otherwise, the Engineer needs to beam your corpse back up to the ship?  For ship-to-ship invasion, the rematerializer could still be used as those fights are more active and time-sensitive.The search system/database is great in theory, but it doesn't offer enough information on certain sectors.  I wish the active scans/exploring sectors would update the database like a pokedex.For Comms, I think the Scientist should have to again play a puzzle to ""decode"" messages or even translate them.The Atomizer isn't very intuitive, maybe the Scientist can see more information on items before placing them in it, so we know what we're getting?The Pilot:  Please rehaul the controls, Space Engineers has a great flying system.  I'd also like to see the Pilot get some sort of remote control talent that allows him to fly the ship from anywhere.  This'll allow the unattended ship to be open for attack, and allow the pilot to take evasive maneuvers.  I think he should be able to engage warpdrive after it's been warmed up and lined up.The Weapons Specialist:  In general, I feel like the Weapons Specialist should be able to switch between Modulate and Static shield.  I found myself timing their laser attacks and physical attacks by watching them through the turret, and running back and forth to protect against the appropriate attack.  Ifthe Weapons Specialist had this ability, it'd be very intuitive.I wish it were a bit more rewarding and easier to attack specific systems of enemy ships.  If the Captain issues the command to target their engineering, the Weapons Specialist should be able to see it clearly highlighted on display.Exploration:It's a big star system, which is great.  I love how it scrambles with each playthrough.It would be interesting to put on an exosuit and teleport to asteroids for minerals/research points.  More random abandoned ships and floating wreckage for exploration would be great, extra points if the engineer can get a ship up and running to claim.The planets are huge, more nooks and crannies and abandoned outposts outside of quest areas would be super rewarding to explore, especially if there's random logs left around.Enemy ships and abandoned ships would greatly benefit from ship logs to read.Distress calls are great, way more of those.Just more ruins on unrelated to storyline planets would be dope.""Unexplored sectors"" that give us a chance to make first contact with at least a few new races?We love choices as gamers, and as long as you emulate games like Fallout with this backdrop, you'll continue to succeed.  More people to meet, more races to befriend or make enemies of, etc.  I don't mind loose ends and moral conundrums, that's what this is all about, right?GAMEPLAY: Considering how awesome this game is, it's hard to come down on y'all.  The AI is a little wonky, and they move really fast.  It's hard to explain but - there's no recoil.  There's no snare when you get hit or hit something.  There's no crouch or jump.  If you can get as close to Half-life 1 as you can, you're good to go.  It doesn't need to be anything crazy, just simple gameplay like that and this game becomesinfinitely better.The AI doesn't use cover or anything."
,Recommended,252870,29914290,Posted: 13 February,all,Will,"This is game is amazing. I can't put it any other way. The first time playing it is the most fun, and even then, it's still fun trying to faguely cooperate on not dieing with the rest of your crew. I'm mostly going to explain each of the positions main roles, because I can't reveiw right now.Captain: You are the Captain. You pretty much tell everyone what to do, and preferably help during battles by shooting one of the smaller guns. A bad captain with a fantastic crew could do worse than a good captain with a bad crew. Don't let them down.Weapon Specialist: As the Weapon Specialist, or Wep Spec for people who can't say more than 1 syllabyll at a time, you fire the ships biggest gun. You also get extra damage resistance later on for when you warp to other ships, or the surface of planets. Keep your aim steady and try not to miss.Pilot: The Pilot flys the ship. Allign for the next destination, wait for the warp to end, and DEAR GOD THERE IS A ROCK INFRONT OF US WHERE IS THE BREAKS?!?!Scientist: As a 100% normal Scientist who is not mad, I swear, your job is the run viruses and programs to tilt the dogfight in your favor, be it one that stops the opposition in it's tracks, or a simple boost to your shields, as well as scaning planets for hostiles before beaming down.Engineer: Engineer, you have 1 job, see that glowing ball? Do NOT let it overheat. You can also, on Scientists request preferably, refuel the Programs and Viruses by sacraficing a Fuel Cell, but make sure you keep enough to get to the next station. This one can be quite difficult early game, but grows easier as your group gets better Reactors for the ship.Some people might prefer one over another, but all 5 are needed to keep the ship running smoothly. So, ready for the space adventure of multiple lifetimes, known as ""Pulsar: Lost Colony""?W...what do you mean no?"
76561198123205888,Recommended,252870,28679712,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TsarLazar,"My friend and I were playing random games together, very bored. He had had this game for a while, and he said it was really good, and told me to get it. I got it at 2:00 or 3:00 in the afternoon that day, and played until midnight. Incredibly addictive. Lacking some substance, due to few missions and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PVE while on the ground, but fun nonetheless. Really gives you a feeling of being on a spaceship. For example, one situation we encountered: We were on the WD faction, and ran into a group of CU drones. They attacked us and 👌👈 us up. We were about to die so I, as the captain, initiated an emergency blind jump. We warped for a minute or so and when we came out of warp, half our screen was dominated by a huge blue object. The surface was fluctuating. We stared at it in bewilderment for a minute before realizing it was a star.♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ship suddenly began bursting into flames here and there, so we made another blind jump. We ended up in an abandoned system. We ran through the ship with fire extinguishers, our oxygen supply dwindling as we put out fire after fire. Fire in the mess hall, fire in life support, fire in engineering, fire everywhere. 9/10, for what it offers at the moment."
,Recommended,252870,20171340,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sk0rp10n,"-be new tactical officer-jump into new system, red alert-Enemy ship sighted-Captain orders me to man my station-Enemy shields down-Ask Captain if I can board ship, says no.-♥♥♥♥ the captain, board it anyways-Disable enemy life support-10/10, would suffocate the enemy again."
76561198065210598,Recommended,252870,18685940,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,18107,"I managed to play 23 hours in 2 days. This game is best played with friends and for people like me who have no friends, you can join public games or create your own.Things to do:- explore minefields, there is usually scrap- upgrade the core- save the game frequently- buy more fuelThings not to do:- go afk at a black hole- enter infected territory- fight a security drone (not small) with modulated shields- turn off the oxygen generator10/10One of the best games I've ever played, and it's still in beta."
76561197995671228,Recommended,252870,25296858,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Great game, personally I can't wait to see what else they add. My only question is why you guys are not selling either a 4 or 5 pack of the game. I'd love to buy this for my friends but 27.99 is a bit steep for each friend. Just my opinion it might help to spread the word a bit better if it encouraged people to get their friends in.Other than that this game has given me some great laughs even with total strangers.Been waiting for a game like this for a long time /"
,Not Recommended,252870,28143378,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DigitizedSoul,"Cannot reccomend this yet if you want to actually play the game now.   There is very little actual game content in yet.  That said however it seems alot of fun, especially if you are a StarTrek fan.  I would highly reccomend revisiting this game closer to completion.  I intend to update my review then.Update:Not many people found my review useful, so I thought I should add some detail.Some of the graphics are quite nice, others are a little simple but overall I think its probably a good balance of playable graphics, to support 5-player multiplayer and reasonably low-end systems.The game play is very much team-work based, you really need at least 3 players to play effectively and the larger ships would work better with a full compliment.AI Bots can be used to fill in any position... as long as you dont mind if they suck.  The role you play as - Captain, Pilot, Wepons etc, mostly affects your stats.  So for example a Pilot can boost their ship manuvering ability, but any other player will only be as good as a level 1 pilot.  Anybody can get a scanner, but only the science officer can later gain an ability to use the scanner to find loot.Multiplayer there are some small but very annoying bugs.  For example if the ship is warping from A-B the captain can skip the 5-6 minute wait.  I have found that this is very reliable for 1-2 players but as soon as I add a 3rd player its 50:50 if the skip option will work or not.However after all of that, the real reason I cannot reccomend this game however is the content is only about 10% done, you will run out of main-line game play very very quickly at present.Not only that but because I think this game will be awesome, and so much story is only partially implemented, I worry that playing now might lessen experience on release - admittedly a risk with almost any early access game.I with the developers were a bit more communicative with development progession, however updates are reasonably regular and the team seem very competant.If you see this game on a heavy sale, I would say buy it as a future investment but if you want a game to play now I wouldnt get it yet."
,Recommended,252870,22836579,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TAVelcro,"TAVelcro, Captain Velcro to be exact. I am the C.O in charge of the C.U Carrier Class ""Paper Airplane"" so cleverly nicknamed by Admiral Hill. My crew is of five members to whom I own my life and vice versa. On weapons is Justin who has the best record of shot to hit in the entire galaxy. On engineer is Sabakyo, a veteren in the fleet and second to none when it comes to reactor management. Rey is our pilot, he is new to the crew but quickly became close friends with everyone. Bovice on science, outstanding record from the academy graduating top of his class 4 years running.Our usual missions are that of scrap gathering.  We do, however, receive a few agressive missions like defending a mining base, or collecting rouge scout drones by any means nessasary. But last week, everything changed. There is word of an Intrepid class ship who has stolen weapons from the fleet and using them to extort civilian ships and trading outposts all across the galaxy. They are very clever and have thus been unable to be located before they strike and dissappear. We have recieved orders from CU Command that they have recently tried to sell children for credits at a trading station on the outskirts of Mineus Thrive not 5 Warps from our usual gathering spot. We have been ordered to investigate the incident report and find out why the trading depot has been radio silent.After a short briefing, we quickly begin preperations and head out to the trading depot. The journey was quite uneventful though I can tell the crew is a bit nervous. Hell, I am myself. ""Captain, we are dropping out of warp in 10 minutes."" My science officer announces to me through comms. Leaving my quarters, I head towards the bridge. Shortly after we drop out of warp to see the wreckage of the trading depot we were tasked to locate. It was horrible, debris everywhere. If not for the quick reaction time of our pilot, we may have had a collision. ""Science, see if there is anywhere safe to teleport to and perhaps their computer has information as to what happened here, also do a scan for any lifeforms. Pilot give us some breathing room, i'd prefer not to have a hole in our hull before we face our true objective."" I calmly order towards my crew.""No lifeforms sir, but there is a few blast doors that seal off near their comms array we may be able to get into, I'm sure if it's anything like the depots back home, they'll have at the very least audio logs of the events leading up to their destruction. Permission to beam abord?"" Science hastly says after a few beeps from his station. ""Granted, take weapons with you, I'm sure Colonel Justin would like to stretch his legs"" I say.The boarding party went quite fast and sure enough, Bovice was able to return with information as he anticipated. It would seem the depot refused a deal from a recent ship who ported at the depot, calling themselves the Grim Cutlass. Out of anger they opened fire on the depot, according to these logs though, they only fired once. The devistation from just one shot from this weapon was unfathomable. This in no way helped with the nerves of my crew and I was unsure of how to reasure them that this wouldn't be us if we arent careful with how we approach the AWOL ship. With little delay, we warp in the direction of the last warp trail left behind assuming it must be our culprit.My Scientist Bovice warns me our odds of survival are increibly low. I order Engineering and Science to turn off everything and then ordered the crew into our Exo-suits. We have yet to be detected by the Grim Cutlass so we have the element of suprise. After a few moments of debate about how well our shields and hull would stand against this weapon the enemy ship has onboard, It is clear the best corse of action is to unload as much fire power we can into them before they can react. The hopes is to disable their weapons and then perhaps get them to surrender. Without their main turret active, they should crumble with fear. We drop out of warp and our scanners confirm it is the signature for our foe, the AWOL CU ship self named ""Grim Cutlass"". My report from CU Command says the weapon they stole when they went AWOL is a prototype weapon called the CU Long Range. We've seen it's power solely from the rubble it left behind.""Justin, charge main cannon, load shield piercers and fire at their weapons. Science, load our barrage program, Pilot, face the enemy and be prepared to dodge whatever return fire you can. Engineer, dont let us blow up"" I command. ""No pressure Sabakyo"" Science snickers. Like clockwork, weapons locks on with shield piercer missles and charges our main turret, engineer like conducting flight of the bumblebee works at redirecting power as needed while maintaining a low core temp. Pilot ties what appeared to be a rambo bandana across his forehead and cracks his knuckles. Science was sciencing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of his station.Our missle flies at almost same time the main cannon hits their shields, our auto turrets fire a few rounds of railgun ammo as our missle hits dead on. ""Captain! Their weapons are disabled."" Science shouts ""Hail them!"" I sayOn screen was the captain of the Grim Cutlass, eye patch, exotic fur coat. Suprisingly it was a female, but more now a pirate than an ex-CU Captain. ""Cowards play! she screems ""How dare you fire upon an unprepared opponent! But if you leave now then i'll give you a head start before burning this sector alive to hunt you down. and KILL YOU SLOWLY"" The crude space pirate sneers. ""This is Captain Velcro of the Colonial Union. You are to hereby surrender yourself and your ill gotten ship to us immideatly or face destrustion."" I say extremely proud that our sneak attack worked.""I refuse, but I find it absolutely hilarious that you are so arrogant that you think you've won."" She barks then closes comms. ""Sir! They are firing their main cannon!"" Science screams. ""But how?"" I ask. In a blink of an eye, a large pulse of energy streaks across space towards our ship. This is it, our end i think to myself as our pilot barely manages to roll the ship out of its way. ""Captain! Our engines and shields are down!"" Science proclaims after taking a moment to see we are still alive. ""It would seem their main turrent is on a seperate power source.""""Load the nuke..."" I barely can believe i said aloud knowing that we should only use it in dire situations and admitting we needed to use it was admitting this was most likely our last rodeo. ""Sir! If we do at this range, well be hit by our own explosion!"" my Weapon's Specialist exclaims. ""He is correct, sir."" My Scientist says. ""Captain, I could fire full reverse thrusters and put some space between us"" The Pilot states. ""Doing so will require me to give more power engines and our reactor cant handle it, not after the effects of that blast we took.."" Our faithful Engineer adds.""You heard me crew!"" I shout. ""Our window of opprotunity will be very short. If they get another shot at us we are finished. I want Science to load all our shield recharge programs, Engines alot all power to science and weapons. Once the nuke is launched, full power to engines and full reverse. I will detonate the warhead manually."" I command with absolute confidence in my crew. ""Science get on a railgun and shoot any missles they send our way once programs are executed.""Sitting there with my hand over the detonate button, my crew scrambles between their roles as the Grim Cutlass and ourselves send volley after volley of lasers and missles at eachother. I can see the damage to our systems on my screen before me piling up. Everything is going quiet around me despite the carnage. I can faintly hear Bovice saying they are firing the weapon again. Our nuke was now in range, but so were we. I close my eyes and exhale.The Grim Cutlass is no more, but nor are we.10/10 would totally Martyr my crew again."
76561197965073500,Recommended,252870,23598441,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Saratar,"You step aboard the starship. Your first day on the job and you're nervous. Who are your fellow crewmates? What class is this ship? Where are you headed and what dangers await you at the next star system. The captain orders all crew to prepare for jump. The pilot confirms alignment, the engineer charges the warp core, and as you enter hyperspace you feel a bead of sweat roll down your forehead. Space is a beautiful place."
,Recommended,252870,21390616,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Lenny,This game is hilarious.Playing hide and seek with the gunner in the midst of the battle. Teleporting the captain on a planet and leaving him there.An amazing co op experience
76561198054179405,Recommended,252870,18452650,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Arkus {DwE},"Be a greenshirt: ""DAMN IT CAPTAIN I TOLD YOU THE PLANET HAD AN ACIDIC ATMOSPHERE!""Be a redshirt: ""DAMN IT CAPTAIN WE LEFT OUR NUKES ON THE OTHER SHIP!""Be a whiteshirt: ""DAMN IT CAPTAIN THIS THING HANDLES LIKE A PREGNANT YAK!""Be a orangeshirt: ""Uhh guys! Could you let up on power usage up there...were getting a little hot down- *CORE CRITICAL! 30 SECONDS TO EJECT CORE!*...here""Be the captain! Cause look at what happens when they dont have their ""Kirk"" or ""Piccard""! GET PULSAR TODAY!"
76561198116874043,Recommended,252870,23021613,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Sgt Green,"Well, Let me say (big Star Trek / Star Wars Fan) This game Is what Star Trek online should have been, That said there is room for tweaks.. I know still in development, Hope Dev Team is reading, would love to see better animations for FPS sections feels a bit clunky and walk animations are out right hard to look at. The textures in the game are low res and are very boring to look at (not every where mind you) some places look good. That said let me say I LOVE THIS FREAKING GAME!!Got the game around 2pm did not stop playing until 3am My eyes where red and I was on my 3rd cup of coffee , IT was that good, When I did go to bed , could not stop thinking of the game I was hooked. slept for about 4 hours and was back looking for a New crew to join.]Its not a looker but the core gameplay is on point, oh the turrets stations on the ship those are spot on good sound and lighting like fireing true laser cannon from star trek.I would and have recommended to my pals on teamspeak, Buy the game and I think you will see what I said was true.Keep the updates coming DEV team this game IS a winner in my book, (JUST FIX THE TEXTURES PLEASE LOOKS LIKE MINECRAFT<<< WOULD ME NICE WITH BETTER TEXTURES) ok sorry my only CON ."
,Recommended,252870,21329286,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zytair,Basically a Star Trek simulator. Buy it. Buy it now.
,Recommended,252870,25519159,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[102] Street Jesus,"Ahh Pulsar... A refreshing gem hidden under the heaps of small-time developers, early access garbage games that seem to plague steam these days.I honestly believe that I've never played anything quite like it, which is why I am so drawn to it at random times throughout the day... It scratches a certain itch that I never knew I had.Esentially you are tasked to keep a ship (yours or another captains) from being blown to smithereens by space pirates, faction security drones, Deathseekers, civilian ships, sentinals, Infected Carriers, and space police all while exploring a vast galaxy in search of fame and fortune.Sounds bad♥♥♥♥♥right? The only catch is that there are multiple crew positions on the ship! And each are fairly vital to the success of said ship.For instance, the pilot who flys the ship and lines it up for the next warp. The weapons specialist who mans the ship's turrets and leads boarding parties to other enemy ships. The scientist who is in charge of comms between the other vessels you come across, along with running viruses targetted at enemy vessels and quick-fix/boosting programs to aid whichever ship you find youself on, as well as planetary scans to see what lies on the surface of that sketchy looking rock your crew is about to beam down to. The engineer is in charge of power distribution among the ships systems in an attempt to keep the ship from overheating (and exploding) during battles. Last but not least, someone will have to bring together this rag-tag group of space turds and help them function like a proper unit; The Captain. The captain plots the course through the galaxy (which is always randomly generated) and decides where to loot, who to murder, and how much money you'll get to buy space booze and shiny new weapons via a crew allowance!As it stands currently, beta 9.5 I believe, the game is really damn fun - at times...I'd say about half of the community is willing to help out newcomers with pleasure and give them the lo-down on how the ships work and function.The other half though... Will probably be some (irl) morbidly obese 15-16 year old captain yelling that everyone is doing everything wrong while the ship is on fire and he sits in his chair eating twinkies and contributing nothing to the rest of the crew or his ship.With all that being said, when a crew comes together, magic begins to happen. You find yourself becoming part of the bigger picture. A truly renown Captain can issue orders from his chair for what he thinks the rest of the crew should be doing... ""Full power to all systems!"" , ""Block their long range comms and prepare to engage!!"" , and my personal favorite... ""♥♥♥♥ IT! ARM THE NUKES AND PREPARE TO FIRE!!"" All while the crew scramble around the ship ensuring that we all don't die in space.IMO - A ship is only as good as its captain and crew. Make friends with the people you know and trust to do good work, and you will conquer the stars.My only ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game is that the player base is fairly small. On a good day at the right time, you'll see about 1-2 dozen games for you to hop in and out of. Or you can become your own captain and try it from the management/order-giving side of the game. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports to forward, or lame♥♥♥♥♥matchmaking, just pick a ship, and your server name and see who shows up!If you find only a few players to join, the rest of the crew can be filled with AI specific to their roles in the crew. You might want to edit how they act in the TAB menu though, because they can get a little goofy from time to time. We mainly use them to put out fires and repair the ship, but hey.. Beats trying to do it alone!There is actually a lot more content and game mechanics I could go over, but there no exploration in that!I have high hopes for this game! I recommend it at a 7/10 since it's still in beta."
76561198119764449,Recommended,252870,23380623,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Anna™,"It's a very nice game, especially in alpha. The mechanics are great, I've blind warped into a few suns already trying to make an escape, and I think you're taking this game the right direction. Solid 8.5/10 as of now."
76561198042145797,Recommended,252870,34117117,Posted: 8 August,all,Gabriel,"PULSAR: Lost Colony is a game which inhabits a very particular niche.As the Captain, take command of your starship and explore the galaxy. Seek out your foes and bring destruction to their doorstep, or ferry stolen contraband through the most secure system in the Union. Whichever path you choose, the Captain of the ship must be confident, strong, and determined to find success among the stars.As the Engineer, ensure the functionality and stability of your ship and her systems. Strike a balance between maximum performance and the dangers of an overheated core. Allocate power to different systems, and if all else fails, quarantine your station and eject the core!As the Scientist, study your ship's surroundings. Scan celestial bodies for lifesign, hack enemy ship systems, and defend your own vessel from cyberwarfare. If she's taking too much damage, boost the shields, buckle in, and hope you make it out alive!As the Weapons Specialist, defend yourself, or attack your enemy! Man your vessel's main gun, and unleash your firepower! Don't back down; use everything, missiles away! When the smoke has cleared, you shall remain, and no one can stand against you.As the Pilot, the ship itself is literally controlled by you. Warp, navigate, and traverse this magnificent galaxy. When you enter battle, remember to keep your weapons in range of the target! Don't be afraid to use both main and adjunct thrusters together for an extra boost!In PULSAR: Lost Colony, you and your crewmates will work together to man and operate a starship, and explore the furthest reaches of space. Good luck in your journeys!""All hands, at stations. Red alert; battle ready! Prepare for combat..."""
76561198124124030,Recommended,252870,19547085,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,nyancatpoops,"its fun too play with other players because everyone relies on each other,thegame is all about team work and having fun.I have personally enjoy this game."
76561198061824645,Recommended,252870,25107092,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,wesleto02,"Basically FTL:Faster than light, as a first person multiplayer game.Quick rundown:-Up to 5 player space treking multiplayer game with some great mechanics.-5 roles, all important for different reasons, and feel completely different to play.-Random encounters and a rearranged galaxy make for a different playthrough each time.-Planets are precrafted, but there's a fair number of them so each is hand crafted and interesting.-When things go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ they REALLY go to♥♥♥♥♥♥ a mix of thrill and panic set in when your ship catches fire mid way through a fight in your weapons room so firstly you can't fire back and secondly you have to wait for your jump drive to charge before you're even able to escape.Things that'll make this game great for you:-Having or being a good captain.(Talkative[with mic], involving, and willing to act like a damn captain)-Reading the manual for your role, cause sometimes you don't choose the weapons officer and you might have to do something more complicated than shoot a thing.-Not be afraid to kick someone or ask to have someone kicked if they're not working well with the established crew.-Being ok with a bug or two. It's early access.Final note:BUY THIS DAMN GAME ALREADY!!!(Or put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale cause its regular price is a bit harsh...)"
,Recommended,252870,24021427,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Marsh,"Literally Star Trek.It's a lot of fun, even playing with randoms."
76561198128590698,Recommended,252870,31187649,Posted: 16 April,all,Shadowblade,"Ever play FTL? This is what that game is, only more hands on, you will find one of three crews while playing this gameCrews that are seriousCrews that are noobsAnd Crews that are ♥♥♥♥ing hilarous,Each role is unique and relies on other roles in order to funcition property, the combat is a bit wonky but fun. The entire game requires you to communicate with each other in order to survive.HOWEVERThe recent VR update is buggy as hell, Don't play the VR mode in its current conditon."
76561198007324938,Recommended,252870,18368772,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Awesome idea but still very very barebones. Multicrew experience in space, finally.but:Graphics are pretty bad (who cares but still..)Content is practically non existant, game is still in development.It gets repetitive and pretty bland after around 3 hours, at least for me and my friends (see above).So, definitely has potential, and maybe the only early access/beta/wait for it its' gonna be awesome game I'm willing to invest in.But do take in consideraton that buying this game now is to support the devs and invest in something for the future.We aren't there yet."
,Recommended,252870,30001014,Posted: 17 February,all,100% RAD,"WOWEEE I really wish i could play this game more! But my friend's say it's too expensive for them.....:( they then go down to bottle king to burn 50 dollars on wine and booze, and 20 dollars on sushi! :P 10/10 I need better friends.....please someone play with me...."
76561198094748320,Recommended,252870,26743022,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hot Redhead,"TL/DR, Tl/DR: Game is fun with friends, buy it. I forsee a great future in this game.If your story is like mine, and you're tired of the same old Early Access story and you're looking for a make it or break it review, this is the one for you.Overview:I'd like to start off this review by mentioning that I've gotten tired of ""Early-Access"" games.  I'm all too sick of the same old story: early access game hits the market, promising many innovative ideas and it either fails to deliver or simply stays in early access forever (looking at you, Space Engineers and 7days). My friends encouraged me to buy this game just to have the fun of trying something fresh and new. With 16 hours under my belt (seems like so little time, spent), I can say that I've fully explored the game. I'll go over the different roles and what they do, as well as the basic gameplay aspects, concluding with a pro's and con's list. Finally, this is definitely a team-based game, which is much better with a set of friends to BS with, so keep that in mind as you read and come to your decision on the game.(Class roles)To start with: the game is fairly simplistic and throws you into a ship of your captains choosing. However, that's the end of it. There is no tutorial to teach you what to do, and most of what you *actually* do is fairly simplistic. If you're a pilot, you fly the ship. If you're weapons, you shoot things, if you're captain, you plot courses and choose what to buy, and if you're science or engineer, well, buckle up cause it's a *little* more in-depth than the other 3 positions.  Fortunately, even that is fairly straight forward, with a simple GUI to guide the players in doing what they need to accomplish. Overall, the positions are all fairly balanced to make everyone feel like they're accomplishing something for the average gameplay. However, that's about as far as it goes. In my opinion, there is not enough for each of the positions to do. After a while, piloting just becomes flying in a straight line, science becomes spamming all the programs, weapons becomes a matter of target practice, and engineer becomes meaningless because the reactors simply become too powerful to even need adjustments to power levels. However, that's not to say that the different positions are not fun when done with other players.---TL/DR: Game is simple as it stands, and offers maybe 10 or so hours of actual content.Gameplay (Space-side):The missions themselves are very straightforward and not too fleshed out, yet.  After a while, the game starts to feel like a shoot n' loot, which is not what I think the dev's had in mind, HOWEVER, to get to this point, you need to invest quite a few hours in exploration and fighting. Which leads me into the next part of gameplay: your ship consists of multiple parts that can be upgraded and changed with your credits earned from salvage, missions, and exploration. These items include a warp drive, shields, a hull, a reactor, programs that can be ran to accomplish a multitude of things, and processors that upgrade other ship systems. This is, by far, my favorite part about the game. You can choose to either go for the big ship with lots of weapons or the quiet ship that stealths everywhere. Unfortunately, stealth is not so much a feature yet, and just something planned. Also, there are nowhere near enough items of variable description to make it feel like an adequate upgrade path.  All in all, what they have so far makes me extremelly optimistic for what they can add in the future: a list of endless items to upgrade to, multiple new weapons and shields, etc. However, as the it stands, the upgrade path is extremely linear and quite simplistic.---TL/DR: Ships can be upgraded (kinda), and missions are there, but need work.Gameplay (planet-side):Your crew can actually leave your space ship and go down to planets for a variety of reasons.  There could be a distress beacon, you could want to explore the planet for salvage or items, or simply because a mission sent you there. Most of the planets are very small and very straight forward, but this does not stop my crew from wanting to explore every single planet for what we call ""lickable♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; which is a *research* item used to get special bonuses for the crew. Here comes the caveat, the ""lickable♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; is quite rare and very hard to find. Some planets extend to a radius that doesn't really suit what you can do on them, so you find yourself using your very limited stamina bar to sprint into nothingness for what can seem like hours. In reality, it only takes ten or so minutes, but the time adds up when you're doing it with every planet.---TL/DR: Planets are very interesting to explore, but can become monotonous.Finally, I'll sum everything up with a Pro/Con list that will hopefully convince or deter anyone still on the edge of getting this gamePros:Fun to play with friendsFun to play aloneIn early access, so the dev team is active and working with their communityDev team is fast to react to community-voiced problems (hackers)AI are capable of running the ship without other playersExploration is new (kind of) a new concept, without being over usedUpgradeable shipsBoardable shipsCons:Game DOES have bugsNot too fleshed outUpgrades are linearAI handles the ship TOO well on their own (looking at YOU engi-bot)Many new features are visible, but not implemeted (scans, for one)Questline is short and repetitiveDifferent positions can get boring if you don't have a group of friends to mix things upUpdates appear to be monthly, which is a downer after Space EngineersGame doesn't have a forum yet (from what I've seen) so it's hard to communicate with the devs."
76561198050212486,Recommended,252870,23502769,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Advent Reinhart,"This game is amazing. Every role is important, every little thing you do to help adds up,This is the trype of game that you can bond with people in a very nice, friendly and ""productive"" way ^^"
,Recommended,252870,24458335,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Revoemag,"Before I bought this game I watched a good old YouTuber/Streamer play it, Coestar. The game's unique way of controlling a ship with players that are the crew members of one ship made it look really interesting and in need of strategies and tactics. It's especially fun with friends, even if they are derpy or serious.Though this game is Early Access it quickly became the best game I played of all time out of all the 100+ games I have and have played. The combat, the space battles, the exploration and the quests are really fun, especially the... well... I'm sure people wouldn't want a spoiler about what the yellow flux is on some of the sectors.As I said. It's early access, maybe because it doesn't actually have way too much to explore it's still very fun to play. Outside of how it looks, the gameplay is what's worth it. Not much to explore, they constantly add patches and updates, minimum every week or so? There aren't too many planets to explore, well sure there's a fair amount but there's not a lot of planets with a variation, you can meet the same one multiple times in one play through. They even have a Forum for the game, and for being just two people making this game they're really quick at answering questions, they even have a devlog on YouTube.I really see high potentional for this game, really, really high potentional. I can already imagine how the game is going to look if they keep working on it. Its my favourite game, but based on content its a 7/10."
76561198160201745,Recommended,252870,23974516,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aquanose,"Warped into sector with black hole.Captain stands in place repeatedly asking ""Are we dead?""10/10 Would suffer lack of leadership again.In all seriousness ""Pulsar Lost Colony"" has probably became one of my favorite games after only a week or so of me playing it. As someone who has loved Star Trek all my life and has always wanted a game that would simulate running a ship simular to the enterprise. I can say that Pulsar is an exquisite game. There are several diffrent ships ranging from the small ""Stargazer"" class stealth transport. To the ""Roland"" class cruiser which is so huge that it could probably fit several other ships in the game inside it. Each of the ship choices are unique and have their own advantages and disadvantages. For example, one ship could have signifigantly better armor but its thrusters can't reverse. There are also some less stat based diffrences such as the engineering room being placed closer or farther to the bridge. The ship systems also go above and beyond those of other similar games. In no other game have I ever felt so proud to know the proper procedures that it requires to reboot a ships OS. The classes all feel unique however it does sometimes feel as if you may not be needed as anyone on the ship can do anyone's job with the right knowledge and talents. The game is surprisingly in depth. me and my friends decided to beam down to a seemingly empty planet only for our science officer to report that the scanner was picking up a nearby teleporter, this lead us to a secret weapons shop. Their are three playable factions in game right now, and as to not bother explaining them I will sum them up by naming them what they basicly are: Star Fleet, Semi-evil corporation, and space criminals. Each use two out of the six playable ships which are sadly restricted to their respective factions (However personally I feel it adds realism) In terms of the missions in the game, they each feel like an episode of star trek ""DUDE THIS IS LIKE AN EPISODE OF STAR TREK"" -My friend. The missions will have you find crews encased in cocoons, Crashed ships whose lone survivor wishes for you not to report that he survived so that he can stay with his ship, and abandoned stations full of uncontained beasts for extermination (On that particular misson a scan from our ship showed a humonoid aboard the station which we could never find, Creepy)In conclusion this is probably my new favorite game for a long time. 10/10"
76561198004665169,Recommended,252870,29773706,Posted: 7 February,all,ุSahfy The Hell-bent Calamity,Great game even if none of your friends want to play it with you.At least the bots are nice.
76561198105109625,Recommended,252870,22735028,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,sko2,"This is an amazing game where it actually feels like you and your friends are members of a ship's crew in the far reaches of space.If you and your friends are total nerds about anything space/ Sci-Fi related, do not hesitate. Buy it. This game was specifically made for you."
,Recommended,252870,26443578,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ShinSH,"This game is an hidden gem. You progress as a team of 5, going through missions or wandering around the galaxy, with a sophisticated ship. However it clearly lack a good artistic direction. If you can get over the bad graphics, you will find a new way to play, as you will collaborate with your team to make your ship work. It's fairly easy to start, and the game is deep enough for you to learn new things after 10 hours. Usually my evening just vanishes when playing Pulsar.It still lack some contents, like missions, and it's doing poorly to explain things, but once you're in, it's hard to get out.Surprisingly it's not too hard to find players on pub, and most of them are pretty welcoming. You can also play with bots, which are doing the job."
,Recommended,252870,22854496,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Scorchedsabre,"Positives:  Fun Ship to ship combat, interesting upgrade system for ship and special skills.Negative:  Can't order Tea, Earl Grey, Hot."
76561198032015011,Recommended,252870,31054515,Posted: 9 April,all,cdude69420,"If you have been thinking about buying this game, I have two words for you. DO IT. This is a great cooperative multiplayer space game. You must work together in order to pilot the ship and survive. There are a number of planets and outposts to explore. The actual stars on the map are always the same, but the planets and the outposts move around with each new game. Keep in mind, it is only two guys making this awesome game. That being said, they have done a phenominal job. I very highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,252870,25740266,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,℧ Nescient,"If you like one of the following, you’ll probably like this game:Star TrekSpace battlesCooperative team oriented gameplayExploring planets, space stations, etcShooting things with lasers and cannonsRandomly generated galaxiesShooting smiley faces and/or♥♥♥♥♥♥outlines with a gun in first personEngine sludgeBlowing♥♥♥♥♥♥upBlowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with nukesBeing a GentlemanBeing a corporate lackeyEating Fluffy BiscuitsDrinking engine sludgeStealthing with a CupcakeBeing in distressBlasting your enemies into the voidGood gamesKilling mutants and various other monstrous creaturesHEAVY METAL BANDITS!Getting eaten by giant monstersQuantum shields are down and we are all at your shipAtomizing space cow pattiesResearching space viagraStepping on landminesGetting hit with a orbital strikeRadiation poisoningSexualy ambiguous robotsSpace whalingJohn MaddenSupporting awesome devsGreat lore, and superb universe building10/10In a class of its own."
,Recommended,252870,32644756,Posted: 22 June,all,Trekman2409,Pros:- A great multiplayer experience- fun relaxing game- I love the whole concept- Nice advancementsCons:- missions could use a little work- bugs cropping up on all of the ships- no way to switch roles inside the game
76561198092309523,Recommended,252870,28572608,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ellsiy,"At best, Living your wildest Star Trek fantasy (busty green babes to come?)At worst, Soul crushing loss caused by ruthless AI or idiotic griefers (Ban option get on it)If you appreciate gameplay over graphics, pick it up. If you don't, We aren't friends anymore."
76561198041726861,Recommended,252870,18189178,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SneepSnoop,"Hello dear astronauts!When I saw the trailer of this game I was sold. It had all the good stuff! Space exploration, space ships, space battles, space ants/spiders/robots, and it had space itself. I started playing it, and I just couldn't stop. Started out joining a random game where someone taught me all the basics. And hell, there are a lot of basics! Learning the game is pretty overwhelming at first. Untill you have played all 4 support roles it is hard to be the captain.Thus, the day after the basics I decided to dedicate my day comandeering the U.S.S. Flying dutchman. I found some people, put them on a teamspeak and we played for about 8 hours straight. The experience was amazing! I lead us to planets, bandits, dronespaceships, and all there is to do. Everyone was immersed in their role, and achieving the goals I set for them. The one main problem we found out though was this.After 8 hours of playing the game, we had seen it all. We had beaten both bosses, seen the infected ( which you cant actually kill yet.), been to all exotic shops, upgraded all the gear on the ship untill there was no proper match for us anymore. It was lacking content, but I kept longing for more.Tl;Dr?Pro's:-Awesome gameplay. You are free to do w/e you want.-Game really promotes player interaction. You have to function as a team. No soloing here.-It is very immersive. You get into your role and stick with it almost naturally.Cons:-Some minor bugs. Server list not reloading, mines not blowing up, laser targetting messing up etc.-Severe lack of content though this will most probably be worked on by the dev team!-The game will take you and make you play it till theres nothing left to play. (might actually be a good thing)-Game is quite boring without actual voice chat. (might be different for you)Final verdict:Buy this! But if you're patient enough, wait for a couple of months untill there is more content."
,Recommended,252870,23374097,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Helix,"I've been playing the Early Access version of PULSAR and I have to say I'm impressed. I normally avoid early access after being burned by Dean Hall and DayZ but this game had me hooked within an hour.The sense of exploration and adventure is really the focal point of this game, and they're things that a lot of games set out to achieve. The problem with most games out there is that their goals are attainable by just about anyone who picks them up. Challenges are set by the player themselves, and gaming (even in many multiplayer games) can feel like a very solitary experience.PULSAR requires coordination with players (I really don't recommend this game unless you have at LEAST 3 other people to play it with) and that coordination is what drives this game. Suddenly it isn't the individual that chooses the difficulty and the challenge, it's everyone. You all work together and stand aside one another in the face of adversity--be it brutal enemy starship fights or exploration of labyrinthine caverns on distant worlds.The devs have taken a very simple idea and made it into something very fresh and inspiring. It's hard to adequately describe the rush of emotions you get when winning your first starship fights as a team...or exploring sectors and sending away teams on investigations.This is one of the few TRULY ""cooperative"" games out there in recent years. I strongly recommend that fans of co-op games and sci fi/space games keep a close eye on this. If you aren't an early access type of person, add this to your wishlist and track it in its development."
76561197967421109,Recommended,252870,23967362,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kabbi,"I really love this game!  That being said I'll start with the negatives. The game itself can become a little repetative and there is an akwardness in joining quiet or dead games especially when only one person has a mic and is talking the entire time, or you join two friends who are just going to make inside jokes all game. The difficulty level can be steep for new players figuring out the mechanics which I don't see as a negative but a maybe a roadblock for players who don't play many RNG type games. As far as the repetition goes I found that the planets began to feel very confined and cookie cutter. You'll see a cave planet, ice planet, desert planet, lava planet but each planet takes about under 10minutes to see all there is. There are some pretty cool artifacts and other ancient alien type structures to explore but as of my last game they seemed pretty empty other than for having that first time experience they became something just to move on from during gameplay.Which brings me to combat... the combat actually requires the crew to work together to do well. This is where games can go dead if one or more players is either too inexperienced or do not have mics to work as fluidly with the other roles. This is another issue that I think makes the game fun but can also make it hard to find players and a working crew during certain hours. I found that during off hours the AI bots did better than many players and farming by myself actually seemed to be a better option. I liked this feature from the sense of being able to farm scrap but quickly noticed how empty/shallow the game started to feel. When I started playing with players again it became a mix of either being too impatient to teach the game again and again or felt impartial when playing with experienced players who just wanted to teach you again and again.On the flipside I would also find over about 65% of my games really pushed me into the simulation of having to pull things together on the fly and with other players I definitely made a good amount of new steam friends. The best games were the ones where everyone just started naturally roleplaying to complete the tasks at hand but it was also hard for the subconcious indoctrination of space TV dramas to not make their way onto stage. Throughout all this the need to maintain fires and subsystems while adapating to attack patterns cohesively became very addictive.  I would highly recommend this game especially to sci-fi / spacesim / co-op fans who enjoy casual/moderate core gaming. If this game had pvp I would probably having all my gamer friends playing it. In the meantime as someone who is a huge FTL fan this has been like a dream come true. I look forward revisiting this game with a friend or after a major update... l"
76561197988431854,Recommended,252870,23150781,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Laimfu,3D FTL meets guns of icarus
76561198093342680,Recommended,252870,22034953,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Aesger,step one: Spawnstep two: Wait for crewstep three: Introductionsstep four: buy stuff with beginning allowancestep four: jump away to a nearby sector to bait civvy ships for creditsstep five: finish farming and prepare to warp back to sellstep six: realise you sold your warp processor so it takes 3 billion years to calculate jump datastep six: finally finish computing after you farm more civvy ships in the meantimestep seven: sell extra scrap and stuffstep eight: become rich and buy cool stuffstep nine: warp to other sectors and cut a path of destructionstep ten: die the sector before a repair station and realize u forgot to savestep eleven: get yelled at by your angry russian weapons officer10/10 ign would compute again
,Recommended,252870,29300800,Posted: 16 January,all,Fail Tank,"This is a review for Beta 12.2, and the game is most definitely not done yet, though it's quite playable and fun. If you're wondering if you should play it, I would answer ""yes, probably later"".A brief list of things not done yet:Any VR supportA victory conditionFinal balanceMost of the science scansNon-trivial progression (I hope this is intended to be added, but not sure)There's probably 10-20 hours of gameplay in this thing, unless you like doing the same stuff over and over.Now for the real review. This is a game about being the crew of one spaceship going about the galaxy doing stuff. It supports up to 5 players, though any role but Captain can be taken over by bots. You're the only player ship; there is no multiplayer except for the rest of your crew.There are 5 roles: Captain, Engineer, Scientist, Pilot, Weapons Specialist. The captain basically just sets objectives, controls purchasing, and yells at people. He also can authorize a couple drastic measures, like Emergency Blind Warp. The pilot flies the ship and aligns warps. That's it. The gunner fires the guns. That's also it. The engineer manages power allocation, fixes the ship, charges the warp drive, puts out fires, and reboots the ship, if necessary. The scientist toggles between 2 shield modes, scans other ships and planets for lifeforms, their ship components, and to determine if the environment is safe. They also conduct cyber warfare against enemy ships, and do research.These are just the default roles; most players can do most things, as they're not locked to a class. Nothing prevents you from wandering over to the engineer's station to recharge your viruses as the scientist, except the fact it's easier to ask him to do it himself. Even the powerful main gun can be fired by anyone taking the right talent (it costs 1 point, and you get 2 per level). Further, manning guns, fighting fires, doing repairs, and going on away missions are all things that are really shared responsibilities. The pilot can't run off and man a gun in the middle of combat (unless he's replaced at the helm by another crew member), but the engineer, scientist, and/or captain could easily decide their talents would be best used in the weapons bay, depending on the particular combat in question.Captain - This role depends entirely on your own communication skills, and if your crew is a box of awfuls or not. In an experienced crew, you may find yourself with little to do beyond picking the objectives and going on away missions.Gunner - Sit in a gun, shoot it every time it's charged and you have a clean shot. Also the most easily botted role.Pilot - As piloting plus gunning is enough to have a game, I feel like this is one of the most engaging roles.Scientist - Cyber warfare is disappointing, because there's no real way to scale it. You can buff your cyber defenses with firewalls, but your offense starts as good as it ever gets. That means your impact on fights is minimal, and you're better off manning a gun most of the time.Engineer - Engineers dump coolant, and hope nothing breaks. That's about it.Lets talk about away missions briefly. Most are bad. You beam down to a mission, you fight somewhere between 0 and 50 enemies, most of whom just charge in to melee you and you shoot them while backpedaling. Then you look around for science items and ship parts. Eventually the scientist gets upgrades to make this procedure a lot easier, in the form of a neat scanner that tells him where stuff is. The actual FPS combat feels like they bought it off the shelf and implemented it as-is. It feels worse than Merchant Marine. That said, there are some handcrafted missions/encounters that just feel awesome. If you ever beam down and find yourself on a train, you're in for a good time.Finally, I'll talk about pacing a bit. I expect they'll stretch it out a bit as they near release; games are usually a lot easier to progress through in Early Access so you can find bugs and/or the good parts faster. For each kind of ship component, there are roughly 2 viable choices, and 3 or so bad ones. Sometimes less. For instance, there's a jump drive that charges quickly, one with a tiny EM signature making you harder to sense, a slower, longer range one, and a standard one. The answer, of course, is pick the longest range one and then pump up your charge time with talents and jump processors. You can also upgrade your ship by boarding an enemy and taking over. This is awesome, but not too exciting from a progression standpoint. The strongest combat ship is the game is one of the starter ships. You can buy the best cyber warfare programs at the beginning of the game, or start with them. Currently the basic path of the game goes: begin, do a few missions for credits and upgrades, then go grind science for a long time or until you have all the talents you want. Then fight the unique ""boss"" ships, steal their special parts, and declare victory.And a bonus pet peeve: something called the infection spreads across the galaxy. You may be able to stop it by fighting, but you definitely can't handle it in any other way. The requirements for fighting it are extremely high. This means that your endgame is a warship or a warship, or having necessarily few choices and opportunities than a warship would.Overall though, it's an awesome game because you get a persistant universe, and a ship you crew with up to 4 of your closest friends (except that guy in engineering, he's a jerk and he never gives you enough power). The idea is so, so good and the core of the game is so good that in spite of all my whining above, and all the polish the game still needs to reach version 1.0, I highly recommend it. Just maybe not quite yet."
76561198044195753,Recommended,252870,20615311,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Nyloc,"Although I can't recommend this game in its current state to the general public, still being in Alpha, I very much adore this game. Those who enjoyed playing Artemis, or who love Star Trek and playing Escape Velocity back in the day will similarly enjoy this game even as is. The future looks very bright indeed. My only real critique is the pricing for the current state of the game; it should be lower. Nonetheless, $25 or so for this project will be well worth it down the road. I'm very picky with games but this is something a lot of people will enjoy.Pros:-Fun and imaginitive gameplay-Star Trek lovers will appreciate for sure-Not too complicated, and yet has some depth-Good co-op teamwork required-Some of the visuals look great already-Great sound design for the ship-Successful implementation of a game type rarely achieved-Merges smoothly different genres of gaming togetherCons:-Still needs more time to develop into a fuller game (it is in Alpha obviously)For example: More content, more polish, more sounds, more of well, everything...-Could still use more stability (Alpha)-Still quite buggy (Alpha)-Overpriced for its current state-Not enough creativity in terms of ship customization or ship types-Still a little clunky with its gameplay mechanic of first person shooter and ""point and click on panels"" (although there is every indicaton that this will improve)-Still missing a bit of clarity in terms of what needs to be done by certain classes"
76561197984066151,Recommended,252870,25971059,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kyle,"so played this game for just over an hour-Be me, play as pilot-Ready to set course captain-Muchwow.jpeg-""Engage""-Ship flys through space, ALARAMS GO OFF-Engineering Officer ""We've been ripped out of warp were in some kind of infected space!""-Shields start to flicker as incoming laszer blasts from some weird carrier start hitting us-""HELM EVASIVE""-Lets do this-Take ship to full speed, roll through space like an hawk-♥♥♥♥♥ engineer yells the ship can't take the speed, what does he know ive been playing this for 35 mins-Captain barks at ♥♥♥♥♥ to divert power to engines-Infected alien life forms grab the hull and start sucking the metal-Small child thats too young for this game squeals that were being boarded-Continue my evasive as we dodge enemy beam lazers and roll to spin these things off the hull-Ship overheats and egines go offline-ohshit.txt-Powers out on board except for flashing red lights-Run to get exo as i notice the console says life support is failing-Don't make it 3 steps before face hugger looking thing sucks me to death11/10 would take engines to full power again and kill the whole crew"
,Recommended,252870,24764446,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,modernruss,Great game with friends.
76561197969598183,Recommended,252870,23623861,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,jerrylive365,"I wrote a very detailed, 4 paragraph review and Steam gave me the popup about an update. So out of habit I clicked RESTART STEAM before clicking the POST REVIEW button!!! DAAAAAAA!!So you dont get my long♥♥♥♥♥review, you just get the TLDR version. Or maybe its the Steam restarted me version. Anyway...5 player goodness!! So much fun! If you like the idea of being on the bridge of a starship with 4 other players, while exploring a large galaxy filled with missions, baddies and exotic locations, this game is for you!Not the best graphics in the world, but I had so much fun I didnt even notice, nor did it matter. THATS the sign of a good game folks!"
76561198070828006,Recommended,252870,24260358,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SirOsis,"Pulsar has really managed to capture that ""Star Trek,"" feeling in a way that many games have tried but failed.  My friends and I  have all been really pleased at the depth of the various ship positions and roles that have kept us all busy.  It is also important to specifically mention the away missions that, while short, have been interesting and varied, full of cool things to see and do in an ever expanding universe.Now the part that blew me away:At 11:09 I sent the developer a bug report via email.  At 11:35 I recived a reply from one of the developers!  I was extremely impressed with the prompt response and comforted.  Most of us have been burned by early access games and this intereaction conviced me that this team is active, involved, and interested in the players and what they have to say."
,Recommended,252870,28653725,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bacony Infusion,"Now as I've played this game for around 40 hours, I think that I'm ready to review this game.If you ever watched Star Trek, I'm sure you always loved how the bridge crew communicated and worked together in combat. It seems so EPIC and as i saw and bought this game, that was the experience i wanted. Did i get it? For the most.If you find a proper crew which uses a microphone, you can really achieve this epic communication and cooperation between the players. It actually happens often and this game turns really immersive and engaging. What is the problem then? I would love each role to achieve greater complexity. Scientist barely do stuff when in combat, weapons specialist only does something when in combat. It all turns out as a wait for your role to have any responsibility.When it is your turn, though, it is REALLY fun.5 Pros and consPros:- A decent mission-system, making the crew have a goal in mind.- Very nice mechanics when it comes to interacting with displays etc.- Very immersive when together with a proper crew- EVAs- A great varity of different ships and components which each behave very differently and you really feel that you can make your ship your own.Cons:- Poor FPS combat- Planets are small and generally not very interesting- Can sometimes be hard to find a proper game of your liking.- Poor player physics- Poor graphicsI'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Star Trek bridge scenes. This game has a large potion of hours in it already and the game has great potential."
,Recommended,252870,21784160,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SwagLag,"Although my computer reacts very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this one (15-30 FPS, which has something bound to resolution), i must DEFINITLY recommend this game.Core of the gameYou start off in a ship of choice (A cruiser, a stealth cruiser, frigate, etc.), and you must work together with each other to ""find the Lost Colony"". Although im not sure this is implemented yet, the goal of the game through my experience, says we need to repel the ""infected"", a organic apocalypse growing through space (and very lethal!). This may only be accomplished bybuying nukes in exotic shops, or if youre a tactical genius, you may just find another way. In any case, teamwork is definitly a thing here, and tactics on what to upgrade, since the game has a ""FTL-ish"" styled increasing curve in difficulity, known as the ""chaos level"". This increases each time you jump, and you cannot counter the increase of the chaos level. Also, besides from being inside your ship, you can explore planets (which currently are static locations), board enemy ships (Better get a better gun first...), which really extends the potential of the game. I can't wait to see what the future of this game will bring.But please fix the resolution problem, if this has something to do with the technical difficulities of PULSAR: LC."
76561197977010287,Recommended,252870,28343161,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,4breakfast,"Player driven. True coop. Teamwork a mustGameplay>graphicsIf you buy games based on their appearance youre missing the boat for this game.Its ode to old school. Thoughtful, immersive, dynamic controlThe engineer really needs to manage and operate his panel and controls for example. Each role serves a valuable purpose as well, offering a variety of specific and respectively powerful abilities and skills pertaining to the ship and its hardware, the scientists computer viruses/programs. The engineer directing power where its needed and a pilots handling and positioning ability.Theres actually some fair joystick support too, better than a lot of games."
,Recommended,252870,18644918,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RolanDecoy,"A very interesting crew / space sim where you play with 4 bots / other human players as crew of any of 5 spaceship designs.Start the game up, join / create a game and take on the role of the captain, pilot, science officer, engineer or weapons officer and assist your colleagues in survival and completing quests by navigating through the galaxy, combat enemies in space, board enemy vessels and take them over, be part of away teams to investigate structures on the surface of numerous planets and upgrade your own and your ships stats along the way.A very interesting concept, building on the idea of games like Artemis Bridge Simulator and adding a more RPG or personal touch. Run around your ship, that of your enemy, space stations, planet surfaces whilst assisting through the role you pick and excelling in performing in it.The graphics are reasonably, but not excessively realistic. In a game like this I find graphics not as important as the mechanics and environments that provide the actual immersion. The game mechanics are such that the different roles one can assume really rely on eachother, but there are some things that could be improved in that department.The sound effects are good, but again, in my opinion not as important as the game mechanics and the roles people fill with their characters.There are still some bugs, and most environments tend to become a little dull after a while, but that's all work in progress. I would also love to see even more involvement of certain roles. The Pilot role for instance doesn't seem as important at times, and the available options for the other roles also seem a bit limited and could do with some expansion.With the addition of in-game voicechat (which to be honest, I haven't tested yet myself, but I will later tonight) I think this game and its developers are going in the right direction, and I have high hopes for this title.It is already well worth its price, well executed and incredibly addictive to play. Keep it up dev! ;-)"
,Not Recommended,252870,18141546,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,AJSA Delrith,"Pulsar Lost Colony has a strong foundation but is generally empty and shallow compared to what they're claiming should be in the game at this point.Now don't get wrong, it's not a terrible game - but it's definitely at this point not worth the 25.00 you pay for it.The AI is completely broken still, you're incapable of capturing multiple ships and there's a LOT of bugs with creatures/npc's/stations/bases.As well the game is extremely repetitive and the majority of planets you visit are copy pasted. In the three hours I played I visited 4 desert planets and 3 frozen planets - all of which with repeated terrain and base layouts.The combat is also the same each and every fight - you circle your opponent and shoot them until one of you dies.Boarding is pointless - since you cant have multiple ships there's really no point to ever going onto the enemy ship. Upgrades are fairly easy to get within the first hour of the game, so that is also an issue.Overall it's not a great game - I'd give it a 5 - as of right now it needs a lot of work and I would not suggest buying it for 25 dollars.Sorry!"
76561197973795570,Recommended,252870,31603825,Posted: 7 May,all,Reaper,"Is this game a graphical masterpiece - NoDoes this game contain 100's of hours of game play content - NoDoes this game make you feel like you're traversing uncharted territory  - Hell Yes \0/As a group of old friends, we have managed to regularly gather on Sunday afternoons and haphazardly choose different games to play and try.  We reminisce about the old days, when we all had loads of time to game and the glory days of being crack snipers in MoH and COD.Each time we complete a game, we move on (Often in general disagreement, and usually influenced by my crappy 2mb connection speed...).  The general requirement is that it be multiplier, and that we can have fun.Pulsar met those requirements.Pulsar is the type of game that would appeal to Sci-Fi enthusiasts.  The type of person who watched Star Trek, Firefly, Babylon 5, Stargate and all the other pioneering television series that influenced our youth/twenties/thirties I think I'll stop there...This game is regularly updated and shockingly the Devs seem to always reply to questions, praise and criticism.This game makes you feel like you are travelling across the stars, and that is why it deserve praise.Is this the best game ever - NoIs this game fun to play with friends - YesIs it worth £19 (£10 in the sale) - Sure, why not :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSD3vkLm8Ww&index=13&list=PLl7c7vW-RvkwkGeTbH35PSONtaD2huP-aThis explains the game better than I ever can ;)"
,Recommended,252870,23549189,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sol,"Well worth the investment. As a captain, bonding with your crew and watching their teamwork and efficiency increase over time is extremely rewarding. My play style tends to involve capturing and salvaging ships for profit.My only concern is the viability of ""Stealth"" based strategy. Me and my crew tried for hours, carefully maintaining 0.0 - 0.3 EM Emissions on the Stargazer and Intrepid, it works to a degree, but not enough to embrace the A.O.G cunning of the lore. Being able to siphon credits above 6.0km for instance without the target gaining divine awareness of you once infected... Also, being able to remain stealth and make use of Gentlemen's Welcome with reasonable range and efficiency.That would truly send the game over the top for me!Timex"
76561198037277954,Recommended,252870,29913315,Posted: 13 February,all,ig83,WOW THIS GAME IS INSANE IN VR Purchased as an early backer on the hopes of VR and they finally came good. My first time actually playing today and sank 2hrs straight away I am definately going to play some more of this.Actually feeling like you are part of a crew all working together is so awesome.Still a lot of things to work on but an epic EPIC first attempt to implement VR.Game uses proper locomotion. If you are new to VR or sensitive this could mash you up.The space suits actually feel like you are wearing a helmet!!!!!
76561198117528473,Recommended,252870,34073115,Posted: 6 August,all,SillyBrando,"Even though it's still an Early Access Game, it really delivers that fantasy of playing in your own space oprea you always dreamed about when you first watched Star Wars and/or Star Trek.This game is just wonderful, from the many space battles you encounter to the hazard planet that has a space pirate hideout on it, It really is alot of fun. However it can get a little tedious sometimes when traveling across the map just to complete the next mission, but having friends could help solve that problem so you can pass the time. Which brings up that it gets lonely playing by yourself in single player, and having just random people join in and out of your game just isn't fun. You definetly need friends to play with or else whats the point in the giant space oprea you would partake in."
76561198138179722,Recommended,252870,30351002,Posted: 5 March,all,Zardoz,"I debated buying this game for a long time, as I have no friends, and it seemed like the main draw was the ability to play co-op. Eventually my desire to crush fools in space won out and I picked it up, and was surprised to find that it's fun playing with a crew of bots. Honestly, bots are probably better than a real crew. Take if from me, I spent four years on a submarine in the US Navy. 10/10 would review drunk again."
,Recommended,252870,22132697,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Blaklite,"+Lots of promise+Can be fun with friends~More content than I expected, still needs a lot more.~Lots of bugs (not offten game breaking)-Bots are pretty worthless7/10 +1 fire extinguishers"
,Recommended,252870,23003414,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kekistani Warlord #419,PLAY WITH FRIENDS Is the advice I would give to any new players
76561198107785159,Recommended,252870,21672284,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mujahideen Massoud,"Okay, Let me say this. I got this game yesterday...And I already have 17 hours on it. The community is amazing, and everyone is pretty nice.This is probably the most frendly Teamwork game I have yet to play. The game doesnt get old, you can do whatever you want. I spent probably 15 hours messing with all the jobs, Ships, and wepons. I am just now trying to play seriously. In the last year or so, this is probably the best perchase I have made."
,Recommended,252870,34090290,Posted: 7 August,all,wealthybigpenis@gmail.com,"This is a good game especially if you are a giant nerd.For real though, this game is an awesome way to spend a few hours with friends just flying around in space being giant nerds, and what sounds better than that?"
76561197993268342,Recommended,252870,24703285,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Astioth_HSDWG,Well this is the first review I have ever written for a game and that there should tell you how much I love this game and its devs. The community in this game is absolutely the best. They are all willing to help and teach others. Do yourself a favor and get this game!
76561198072644863,Recommended,252870,18270891,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Big Grigz,"get this gamelots of fun with freinds and will just keep getting better as time goes by. honestly if you enjoy space exploration or are even  the smallest star trek fan, you will like this game."
76561198034339140,Recommended,252870,25155881,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,indiscipline,"I just got done playing a session.This might just be the greatest coop game I've ever played in my life, and I've played hundreds of them, all the way back to the early days of LAN gaming and slugging your giant CRT monitor and tower to a friend's house.On the fence about it? Don't be. Buy it, and join us. Space is a big place."
,Recommended,252870,22766904,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gimboid,"So far this game is excellent, it needs more polish and content that is for sure, but there's a lot of different mechanics already and running around as crew manning and operating your ship is a lot of fun if everyone gets into the right mood."
,Recommended,252870,31670268,Posted: 10 May,all,Error,"If I could recommend this game twice, I absolutely would.I've not put many hours into the game so far, but as I write this review, the game is at Beta 14.5: I have played around 21 hours and have owned the game for 4 days total. For me it is exactly what I have always wanted in a game - how I did not find it sooner I don't know. Basically it is a spaceship simulator. I would compare it somewhat to a multiplayer FTL.There are 5 roles for you and either friends or bots to play as, aboard a variety of different spaceships from battlecruisers to research ships. I primarily play as an engineer so I can only give you my experience from that one role, but I can say easily that juggling the oxygen levels to keep a ship at maximum power is something I find interesting.From roleplaying as a member of the starship, to just fiddling around with friends trying to figure out what everything does, this game is a great source of entertainment. I often find myself slipping into RP mode without even meaning to. It's really hard to avoid in this game, and I like to think it brings out the creativity in everyone. If you ever encounter an engineer by the name of AI, and you wonder why things are breaking: it's me.""Warp drive charging. Initiating jump. ETA 3minutes and counting. Awaiting further orders."""
76561198005115166,Recommended,252870,20438564,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,AdmlBaconStraps,"A really good spaceship crew simulator. Very similar in crew roles and responsibilities to Artemis: Spaceship bridge simulator (also reccommended) with the added ability to go on away missions and added RPG elements to crew members and abilities.Basically, become the crew of your preferred sci-fi universe and run the ship as though you were Captain Kirk/Mr. Spock.Play as the Captain, Science officer, Engineer, Weapons officer or Pilot, each having their own roles, responsibilites, strengths and weaknesses for each situation you come across.Not for people who want pretty, pretty graphics but if you like solid - if obviously incomplete gameplay, you'll love this. Crew stations and other mechanics need to be explained better but the game is pretty easy once you get the hang of it.One thing that I think really needs to be added is the ability to have multiple crews - the galaxy is just massive and it'd take forever for a single crew to explore the whole thing. Teaming up (hell, even a head-to head mode) with other players would make this game incredible."
,Recommended,252870,18887572,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cardinal Pell Is The Fuhrer,"Pulsar is probably one of the best early access games out there on steam at the moment.This game does infact have alot of potential, and just needs more frequent updates to get small bugs fixed.One thing i think would be good for this game is, Make your own custom ship. This will add a lot more freedom for players and will be great for people who want to make massive battle ships.Of course this is easier said than done, but i still beleive its possible. You could make it so the way you get parts for your ship is by collecting them from, say other ships when you destroy them etc.The game also needs alot more planets and freedom to walk around them. I find myself stuck in one little part of the planet blocked off by invisible walls.Another idea would be if you could be able to make your own weaponry for players and for your ship if you have enough crew members.All in all the game is great for early access. It may not be worth 25 USD just yet but i beleive if the team sticks to the game and has frequent updates, this game can be really amazing."
,Recommended,252870,18144240,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,lordXvendetta,"So... How to put this...This is a freakin, AMAZING GAME.Shall I simplify?Nah I don't have to.But I should.Because it's awesome and you should know why if you haven't bought it already.Which you should have.Because its awesome.Aaaaaaaanyway.The graphics aren't great, but.. hey who cares? The gameplay rocks!You have to work as a team or your ship will die, it has a very 'firefly, star trek, galaxy quest' style of gameplay where you all choose roles etc. I was the weapons specialist and my job was to fire big guns and be the away team, so essentially what you'd call a red shirt.I always died.The cons:Well, it's beta, so there are a few bugs, and the diversity of equipment is low.But that's all I found to gripe about.In my first two hours, I:Beamed down onto a lava planet in my exosuit with the crew and killed a bunch of slugs in some caves.Went to numerous desert planets and icy planets.Saw my Captain get swollowed up by some giant worm like thing.Got eaten by a bunch of large ants whilst exploring some old ruins.Blew up an enemy ship whilst my captain was aboard.Got shot by some robot thingy.And developed an unnatural fondness with the nuke we had on board the ship.What a misfit crew we made.So.... Essentially this game has been one of the most enjoyable games I have played of late; having found myself bored with games and desperately looking for some relief... This, this is the game. And in the first two hours I have done so much, bonded with the crew. It truly is one of the best games on steam, and is very worth the amount of money it costs. The development team listens closely to it's fans and is very active. I was following their youtube channel for a year keeping up with the dev logs.Basically, buy it. If you like team based, explorative sci fi games that have the potential to create fun stories and scenarios, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,252870,18128421,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Bundeswehr Bob,"4 hours of game time during Early Access as of this review.There aren't many games that offer space action, planetary adventure, sandbox freedom, and the intimacy of small player groups in sprawling game worlds. The team at Leafy Games have managed to bring these concepts together into this game.It must be stated again that this is currently an Early Access game that does have it's share of bugs to stamp out, and content to develop. I'm eager to see what Leafy Games can do to make this a fully fledged release title.Bugs that were encountered were few and far between as of this review. Only two came up during my time thus far:-Attempted to transport to Outpost 448 after travelling for awhile and ended up teleported out into space. A quick relog fixed the issue.-Helm control seems to give out unexpectedly. Unsure if this is a lag/network issue.The concept is there. Bring me more!"
,Recommended,252870,29079196,Posted: 6 January,all,FreezerHampster,"One of the best space exploration games I have ever played. Although expensive definetley worth it. Anyone unsure about buying this game...... GET IT!! You probably won't regret it but seriously this is a great game and worth every dollar, even better with friends, not to mention the incredible devs, keep it up you guys!I probably sound like I'm just making sound all sweet and that I'm being paid to do this. I'm not, its just a really good game!"
76561197972270265,Recommended,252870,20466173,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Celuix,Only game where I have given the order to abandon ship. We had no escape pods.
,Recommended,252870,22258263,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Francessco,"The ""what could possibly go wrong"" simulator.Amazing game, with lots of potential."
76561198034019268,Recommended,252870,19495064,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Amoux,all you need is a few people with a mic and you in for some good times
,Recommended,252870,24951449,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Boi,"When my friend initially told me about Pulsar I thought that it would not be enjoyable for me, I primarily play first person shooters and role playing games. but after 25 hours I can safely say that it has been a ton of fun for me to play. Pulsar is meant to be played as a coop game but can be played with one player and 4 bots I would suggest that you play with at least two players if not just for the beginning when you're trying to understand the game mechanics. In the current version as of this review (Beta 9.5) You don't have a set goal, you can get missions from your faction over long range comms or from finding quest givers scattered throughout the galaxy. Throughout the galaxy which is randomly generated from a seed every play through it will spawn planets, trade and repair stations, exotic shops, and other things that I will not spoil for you. Even in this games very early state it has more than enough content for me to justify dropping 25 dollars which on normal early access games, because of how most developers seem to handle early access. Luckily Leafy games seem to be on the right track with this game, they post updates to their YouTube channel often with what they are working on. After this lengthy intro, here's a list of pros and cons.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Keep in mind as this is a beta these can and most likely will change.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros-Intresting mechanics for each class to learn and utilize-Varied classes that have important roles-Better than average space games combat-Immerive gameplay and exploration-Quite a lot of planets to explore with your crew-Unique starting ships-Extensive ship customization (weapons, Ship equipment, Hull, Shield, etc)-Charecter talent tree-Extremely fun with freinds during combat sections and planet exploration.Cons-Poor graphics-Very bad optimization-Weapon choice is very similar for player-Poor sound design-Little variaty in planet enviroments and little area to explore on planets-Certain enemies unfun to fight (Shock drones)While this list of cons is lengthy they are things that I believe the dev team will (eventually) fix. If you're going to buy a co-op game this is one you should strongly consider."
,Recommended,252870,31754436,Posted: 14 May,all,indecisiveDutch,"2 hours in, our engineer ejects the core and everybody dies.  Loads of fun with a full crew! Solo, not so much...This is a great game if you have 3+ other people to play with. 10/10 would implode in deep space again"
76561198021658679,Recommended,252870,18063947,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Noob Van Noob,"Fans of Star Trek, Firefly, or FTL should definitely look into this.   this game is essentially bridge commander + FTL combined.  while i have most certainly enjoyed my 20+ hours in it, it lacks alot of content, but has huuuuge potential to be amazing."
,Recommended,252870,29972507,Posted: 16 February,all,Rift,"This game is insanely fun to play with friends, and the devs are awesome. It's basically Star Trek Bridge Simulator, just with a smaller crew. You can select one of many ships, each with different interiors and starting equipment. In this game, you take command of a ship with up to 4 friends (Making 5 people, including you). You must explore the galaxy, jumping between Star Systems, taking on quests, avoiding or fighting pirates, and exploring planets.There are 5 different roles, each of which (except captain) can be filled in by bots. The bots are highly customizable and a very well made.Captain: In charge of the ship, commands the crew and will generally help out with weapons.Pilot: A good pilot is they key to winning any combat situation. The pilot must work with the weapon's specialist to maneuver the ship during combat and avoid enemy fire. The pilot is also in charge of alligning the ship for warp.Engineer: A good engineer is essential for any vessel. The Engineer is in charge of managing power and coolant so that the ship's core does not overheat, and charging the warp drive. The engineer must allocate power to different systems according to the situation, such as lowering the engine power to supply more to shields.Weapon's Specialist: In charge of manning the guns of the ship for combat.Scientist: The support of the ship. The Scientist is in charge of applying buffs to your ship and debuffs to enemy vessels through the usage of viruses and programs.- Best played with 3-5 People (Solo and 2-Player is doable, but not as fun).- Devs are actively updating the game, systems are improving.- UI and Ground Combat need some work, but it's still playable.- Occasional gamebreaking bug/minor issue, but it's an Early Access game so it's expected.- Not very many main quests, I imagine this will be worked on in the future."
,Recommended,252870,18899188,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cyan,"Really fun space simulation game, just like Star Trek. Take the roll of Captain, Engineer, Scientist, Weapons Specialist or Pilot. (Up to 5 players, with possible bots).I've been playing this lately with a friend and we love it a lot. It's really fun to jump between different star systems, destroying ships and exploring planets. There is also a handful of quests that are avaliable to complete too. Overall seems like quite a nice game, It's only in beta so I assume there is still lots more to come - and I can't wait! :)I'm looking forward to some diplomatic options to make things more interesting, and would love to see different alien species that you can play as instead of just human-like people. :)"
76561198007065968,Recommended,252870,22377667,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,RastaRaptor,"This game is absolutely awesome, there's a bit of a learning curve but once you've grasped the core mechanics it's quite simple. You need a mic to get the full experience, it's all about teamwork and cooperation.There are plenty of bugs and the game is definately a work in progress, but the devs are posting regular updates and bug fixes faster than most AAA games. I can't wait to see what they add to the game in future."
,Not Recommended,252870,32832002,Posted: 26 June,all,Werewolfabc,"The concept of this game is great, it includes team coop, a vast map to explore, and a well thoughtout ship system. My biggest complaint is (you're going to have to hear me out on this) is that I do not feel the game is in a good enough state to be released at the moment. Yes, I know it's early access, but there are key components that are just unplayable. One such example is planets having nothing on them. They are MASSIVE maps, but really have very little content at all. I believe this game was put in early access too early and should've added more to the game itself before adding it to steam. Adding to this point is the fact that this game is $25 usd. With a price tag like that, I expect the game to be done, not early access (I did get this game on sale for $16 usd, which I feel is a reasonable price, but my point still remains.) Am I saying this is an awful game? Not at all, I just feel this game needs a lot more work until it becomes a great game. I am willing to pick this game back up later on if the devs keep on working on it."
76561198168555031,Recommended,252870,18685795,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ferrio_G,"Just got this game and I'm addicted.  even though it's in Beta, the game play is asesome.  If you've grown up with any Star Trek, this game will make you feel like one of your beloved characters.Currently in Beta 4, the content is rather lacking but the creators are currently working on developing it.  The game play is smooth and I expect to see some wonderful things develope over the next few months with this.  I highly recomend it if anyone's looking for a multiplayer co-op relating to manning a space ship."
76561198047449932,Recommended,252870,24382114,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MobileTarget,"First review, so bare with me ;)PULSAR: Lost Colony is a great game I am enjoying to explore.The game It about you as a crewmember of a space ship.There are 5 members that on absence of a human player can be filled with a BOT.5 Tasks that make your ship run good or bad, depends on how disciplined people are to act as a crew.Captain = The boss, he orders other 4 crewmembers. His commands must be straigh forward and usefull, if not BOOM !Weapon Specialist = The gunner of the ship. Has outside view and shoots when ordered to by the captain.Science = The Spock of the ship. Inserts virus in to enemies ships in battle, checks other ships, planets, etc.Engineer = Controls ships energy flow, reactor temperature and keeps others from glowing in the dark.Pilot = Stears the ship, keeps the ship aligned to jump and keeps the gunner in view of targets.Once you joined a ship (Server) you must select witch available job you wish to take on you.Before selecting there is possible chat or voice chat with the crew also in the server.The missions are diverse, from finding a ship to locate something on planets, teleport to it and make the mission succesfull. On the long run I suspect the missions are repetetive dough ^^On succes you can make your character grow with talent points, have are perosnal while others are ship/crew improvements.The more you poke around in the universe the more chaos you inflict (difficulty).Graphics are not the best we are used to these days. Sounds are soso to...Music I got off by default as it distracts me.The community is great ! If you say I am a noob, most will show or guide you through your task.Some however kick you for even talking the wrong language. But happened to me 1 time in 4 days of play.Its the gaming experience that I like most, specialy in mulitplayer !With a good set of crew members you can have hours of fun with some other people !There is in game voice chat, when done right is a realy good experience !There is also the posibility to mute any person screaming their heads off in pure panic while afraid to die...Most keys are not intuitive while others are to me, still you can alter them.Documentation is available, but for me was not to informative. The community however makes lurning the game fun !It is playable, lots of things to discover from ship management, to missions or ships improvements.Game needs more development and then it will be awesome !Graphics   2/5Sound       2/5Control     4/5Game        3/5Funfactor  4/5Overall      15/25Mobile Target"
,Recommended,252870,18159888,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MiniManHere,"A common way to describe this game is FTL in first person which is quite accurate but instead of constant BOTS/NPC for each class you can have friends or strangers joining your crew or you can join theirs and jump into a class. If you want to go solo add bots in and have fun!I love the idea of a team work insertellar  space openworld games where if you have a broken team you won't go far and if you have one member not doing their job it will affect others as-well as a good team will go far.PROS:Classes have their roles which can be replaced by botsOpen world so you can go anywhere you wanteasy to learn controls on each roleexplore planets, space stations and shipsgun fightsgreat for star trek fans as-well as starship trooper fans and other space films and tv programs.customise your characterkick option to kick out bad behaviour crew members (Captain only)upgradeable shipupgradeable crew/classes.Save optionsdeath = game over and retry from start or reload from last save.Cons: Connections depends on host but sometimes hosts are losing their own connection somehow (minor)Some bugs/glithces are there but not ruining the game so easily to ignore.Customise menu could be cleaner to see your characterEveryone running speed is too fast and causes players to be nauctious  (spelt wrong i think)Over all on the game current state on 23/09/15  this is an awesome game and i have not doubted getting it even when I was not too sure.  Almost got eaten by a blackhole and a monster in the sand so 8/10 until some fixes are done which is due to early stages of the game. Well done devs, keep it up I will be looking forward to update this review on launch."
,Recommended,252870,20693040,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,Accurately depicts the physics of spinning around in a chair while firing a laser wildly into the ceiling of a space-ship.
,Recommended,252870,24981748,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,This Is Dark Wolf,"I have never raved so hard about a title before, especially a Early Access Game. I felt like I was either Jim Kirk or Jean Luc Picard, playing as Captain in this game. I cannot recommend this one enough. After I got dissappointed with No Man's Sky and bought this game... My nerd gasm meter peaked so much that I nutted like 20 times in One Minute.If you love Star Trek or Battlestar Galactica, you gotta get this game. Best $25 I ever spent on any Early Access title. What even gets more more excited is what may be added to the game. This is seriously my new favorite game that I will spill so many hours into and will tell all of my friends about. I will even buy it for them!Why are you still reading this along with other reviews? BUY IT NOW before I summon my Klingon Warrior cousin and disembowel you in half! (I know, that was lame. Sue me.)"
,Recommended,252870,29706346,Posted: 4 February,all,Glorious Leader,First 10 hours of this game are some of the most fun I had playing a video game ever. After that...it ran out of content and was kinda boring. If they update it to have more stuff to do its going to be AMAZING.
,Recommended,252870,23799050,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheIvoryKitty,Really fun getting a crew together and exploring space - 10/10.
76561198030755463,Recommended,252870,27720904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,greyhound,Don't buy No Man's Sky. Buy PULSAR.
,Recommended,252870,23090405,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Phil Spencer,"Performed a blind jump, spent 15 minutes running around the ship trying to figure out why the oxygen was running out until I discovered fires had pretty much consumed it, spent another short while trying to put said fires out, eventually gave up and attempted another blind jump which resulted in the ship exploding; this was when I discovered we had blind jumped into the orbit of a sun and the temperature of our ship was over 140 degrees.10/10 would captain again."
76561197970597829,Recommended,252870,31273890,Posted: 21 April,all,ChrisF999,Simply amzing i will admit the are a few bad apples who will troll you but you can work them out and kick them. If you get a good crew friend them and play with them you will have a blast.
,Recommended,252870,23512423,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Aurora The Cow,"What an Amazing game! with such a vast and explorable galaxy to ex[plore, its more than worth the price you pay for it, as well as a unique and forced cooperation type gamestyle, it forces you to make friends and learn to take orders from your captain! I definitely recommend giving it a try if this game even remotely interests you! I know I LOVE this game! And if any newcomers need a teacher, just friend me on steam, im more than willing to help and teach new players!!"
,Recommended,252870,29639810,Posted: 1 February,all,[Krii] Wolfie,"This game is great with friends, but even with random strangers it can be amazing.Untill somebody ejects the core and leaves, dooming you and your crew to drift endlessly in the gaping void that is space.Pro's -Battles are fun as ♥♥♥♥Planets are interestingThe ships are uniqueCon's -Missions repeat and are usually boringFeels very empty (Space tho right)Need at least 4 people to get anywhere7/10 Fun with friends, fun with strangers, don't eject the core."
,Recommended,252870,18745796,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Luxury,Imagine FTL mixed with mutiplayer? Add a little cooperation and you pretty much got a top notch game.
,Recommended,252870,32606194,Posted: 20 June,all,Conway220,"This game is extremely fun.You'll have the most fun playing this game if you have 3 other friends to play it with you.It's like the new star trek VR game, but it came first. Graphics are alright, the game looks better than it does in the screenshots. There are a few improvements that could be made to the game, but it's still in early access and it gets frequent updates and dev logs. There is also a roadmap to the completed game on their website."
,Recommended,252870,29265588,Posted: 14 January,all,Mitch,One of the greatest games I have ever played. Like FTL but with friends and in first person.
,Recommended,252870,33258541,Posted: 4 July,all,Ramen,"This game is basically multiplayer FTL and has a decent amount of content despite being in early access.  Ship combat is pretty fun and can get chaotic at times, with your crew members scrambling around your ship repairing systems, putting out fires, managing shields, repelling viruses and more.Playing solo isn't bad, but it's much better with a group of 2-4 friends."
,Recommended,252870,28999804,Posted: 4 January,all,Cross,Better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,252870,31406452,Posted: 27 April,all,artmaster82,"This is a fantastic game! Although the framerates arn't that great, this game (at the time of this review is in Beta 14.1) is in early accses, witch means that things are subject to change, I think that optimisations have not yet been done, and this is the main reason for it. I see a lot of potentioal for this game, and can't wait for it to be finished!If you love games about space travel, reserching new technologies (optional but recomended), keeping the reactor of the ship from overheating, and combat, and love roleplaying, then this game is a game for you! and better still, there is multiplayer support for up to five people, so invite your freinds!Please note though, there are diffrent roles for each of these: Captian, Pilot, Scientist, Weapon specialist, and Engineer.Caiptan: Oversees the whole ship and makes disisions on what the rest of the crew does/does not do. Can also do things the bellow roles can.Pilot: Flies the ship.Scientist: Responsible for reserching new technologies (e.g. better armor), starts with scanner (can be found in the scientist's locker.Weapon specialist: responsible for being able to fire the main turret on the ship (anyone can fire the main turret if they have ""Advanced Operater"" talent, the Weapon specialist has this by default), you also start with a better gun, this is already equipped.Engineer: responsible for keeping the core cool, and keeping the ship running.Note, not all responsibilities of each role has been listed.Overall, I would definitly recomend this game! I see great potential in this game, and want to know where this game will be when it is completed."
,Recommended,252870,18077004,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mystery Combat Man 2,"I'm skeptical about this game. It's in early access, which never really fills me with hope. However, from what I've seen so far, it shows a great deal of promise (which could be said for other games, really) and the developers are working tirelessly with the playerbase to stabilise and improve the game.The game itself is an interesting concept. 5 players, each with their own role, working together in order to complete missions. Already it sounds like a number of games, but the way that Pulsar does this is not quite what you'd expect (unless you happen to expect something along the lines of guns of spacearus). Bots are available, but I'm writing this review with a Co-op impression in mind.These 5 players are given a Spaceship and a role aboard it. Then, they're left to their own devices. The Galaxy is open to them from T minus 0, and there's quite a wealth of things to do. I recommend finding out firsthand. The game doesn't ease the player in very much. They are briefed on their role, but I learned quickly when I had someone talk me over the ship in a couple of minutes. Of course, there is some reading material that you could make use of.The game doesn't hold your hand. The further out you go, the harder things are going to get. Work with your team and you can overcome all. Surely, this game has a thing for improving communication and building cohesion, However, I recommend a clear medium of communication, such as a Vent, person-person proximity, Teamspeak, and so on. As far as I am aware, there is no in-game VoIP. The options aren't great, and you may have an issue running the game. It's on Unity, I think.I wish I could rate things out of 10 easily, but I don't really think that way. I think you could describe the entire game, so far, as Guns of Spacearus Online, the PVE sandpaign."
,Recommended,252870,28210362,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Falme,Ya know that button you click to buy the game...Trust me...Just push itdont let your dreams be dreams
76561198011548805,Recommended,252870,24266231,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,kane31,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!I have had to force myself to quit playing the game after several hours of playing it straight through. The graphics aren't the best but the gameplay is so very enjoyable. You always wanted to play Captain, maybe you always wanted to be the engineer.  This game is for you. Each position plays a role during each mission or combat that is critical for the crews survival. I can't wait to see what more they add to the game to make each role more challenging and more content and rewards even greater!This game is well worth the money I paid for it. (I did get it on sale but honestly having played it I would have paid full price I enjoyed it that much. Don't believe, I would happily live broadcast the game for you to show you! it's that much fun!I have a Pirate Game where we board ships and claim them, then salavge what we can, don't care what faction! ARRRRRRRR!"
76561198079460449,Recommended,252870,24961083,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Battery Acid,"I am so glad that I used my No Mans Sky refund money for this early access masterpiece. I have had several of my most exciting and fun multiplayer experiences of all time in this game. While the game may seem a bit complex at first, it ends up being quite simple if you have a good crew to play it with. I can only imagine how much fun this game would be with a group of 5 close friends, but ive only played with random players. It is difficult to describe the kinds of bonds you will feel with your crewmates, even if they are just random players. Everyone has a distinct role, and during battle, some amazing cooperation and teamwork can occur. I look forward to the intensity that this game will have when the developers add 5v5 PVP elements.10/10 ""I'm gonna ram that civilian ship."""
,Recommended,252870,21930799,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tamloo,"Quite a price to pay for the full experience with friends. However, if you are able to get a full group (5 people) of friends it creates a great experience. I've played a few bridge simulators and there are none better than this. There are 5 different roles and you cannot only travel around a 3D huge scaled ship, you can board other AI ships to take them over, land on planets and loot, and shop in local shops. Team work is required!I would not recommend this title if you are playing solo since it is hard to find other teams to play with (especially if you do not have a mic!). The AI for your crew is not that great (but better than no one) and would again, would not recommend playing solo especially for a single player experience. Playing with random crew members can be hit and miss, especially since there are quite a number of players that feel the need to just wreak havoc to your ship just for fun.Otherwise, if you can get a group, I highly recommend this title. Perhaps $25 is not the best price though. If this game was $10-$15 it would be perfect."
,Recommended,252870,25593904,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Joe The Sergeant,"The Greatest game I have ever played. I wanted a space sim to replace No Mans Sky. Found this. Was 5 times better. up to five player multiplayer, land on planets, find things to upgrade and use for sciences, then find cargo, sell it and upgrade your ship. Be a space pirate, or a explorer. Find loads of new planets, each different. And find the lost colony. The best game ive ever played. Plus you get to fly the ship. Any role can do whatever they want on the ship. HAVE FUN I have met so many friends on this!"
76561197973060720,Recommended,252870,18158645,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rusty,"Yes this game may look basic but dont let the looks fool you. Its all about team work and having fun, its Awsome !!"
76561198039735138,Recommended,252870,26159691,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,VARG-TRUMP,Getting drunk on newyears in the bar of the stealth ship with randoms from across the world was so memorable i will always have a special place in my heart for this game.
76561198022187557,Recommended,252870,25947548,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,js,"If I had the money, I'd give the devs a couple million dollars to turn this into a AAA multiplayer coop game. The concept is spot on.Pros:- Real Star Trek like experience in multiplayer. It's amazing. It really is. If you don't believe it watch a Let's Play on youtube.- Incredible immersion. You are on your post. In a battle you have your job to do. You need to trust your captain to maintain a grip on the overall situation, because you sure can't, as you have to keep the reactor from exploding etc.- Runs smoothly at 2K on my gaming rig.Cons:The nice way to say it is: It needs polish. Looks like a game of the very early 2000s.Even though it looks like it is from the past, it runs terribly on integrated graphics. Couldn't get any playable performance on my Broadwell laptop with Intel GPU even with every setting at the minimum and resolution at 1024x768.Little actual content in the way of missions or anything else at this point, but the devs are on it.It's less fun if you play with AI bots instead of a real crew of people.Verdict: If you have a couple of friends and you love Star Trek-like SciFi, go for it.Suggestions for the devs:The shop could directly compare what's available to what's installed in your ship. Alternatively, give the engineer a nice one page overview of the ship components.A ""stop all thrusters"" button would be nice for the pilot, so would be piloting via gamepad.I would welcome more realistic physics for piloting: The ship doesn't decelerate on its own, keeps spinning unless you stop it with thrusters. To compensate for the complexity, you could add ""stabilize"" which automatically stops any rotation. The uptick of all this would be pretty cool space maneuvering a la battlestar galactica."
,Recommended,252870,33862593,Posted: 28 July,all,bencakes,great game lots of posibilitys
,Recommended,252870,33774542,Posted: 24 July,all,SignalRaptor,"**Please note that this is a review, and I'm not going to just sit here and type everything good about the game. Thank you.**The initial gameplay is a blast, commanding a starship, or just being a crew member, it's not that different in the way of enjoyment. I'm saying that being the captain is just as fun as being the engineer. At first. After about a month of playing, it gets stale. Same missions, same ships, same general gameplay. It's still fun to a degree, just because there's so much to do, but going to the same planet 12 times, finding the same crashed ship, going through directly to the cave yadda yadda yadda, it just gets old. But that's just the nature of early access. The game isnt finished. But it'll be one hell of a game when it is."
76561198086092685,Recommended,252870,31809745,Posted: 17 May,all,Atmos,"First, this game has great potential. The devs seem to be very active and update the game regularly which is a VERY good sign. The game itself is also really good. It literally makes me think I'm in star trek. All  the character roles have specific things they do to help the ship function which is great. The problem is that some of the roles can get a little boring from time to time because there is not enough content which could use their specific role. I think if the game gets more content, giving each characters specific role things to do, this game could really get popular. For now though, it can get a little boring after awhile.All in all, this game has great potential and good developers which is why I'm going to recommend it. If you want a full fledged game, I would wait a little longer and watch the progression of the game. If you want to support the game and developers and would like to test out the new updates, then buy it!"
,Recommended,252870,19130947,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,The Botanist,Fun game. Like flying a starship with your pals? Try this game.
76561198078654496,Recommended,252870,34268922,Posted: 15 August,all,SkiSkimMilk,needs space waifus
,Recommended,252870,23572867,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bootleg,"While this game does not look as impressive as other games of these days, including the fact that this game is in early access, it's still lots of fun. Players who have played FTL: Faster Than Light will see lots of similarities between the games. Even the damage system is similar.The game has a wide galaxy to explore and tons of room for roleplay. Sadly, the planets don't have much variety yet, but the sectors/systems are lots of fun to explore. Some have black holes, some have empty ships, some have large cruisers as big as your ship and some have drones.Every ship is well done and suits different playstyles, such as stealth and kill on sight piracy. The UI is not beautiful but easy to navigate.So far, I am quite happy with the community.  On some occasions though, trolls might join the game, disable your ship and leave instantly, which is quite an inconvenience.This game does not have a tutorial yet, only a large manual and a noticeable learning curve."
,Recommended,252870,32963042,Posted: 28 June,all,FrostNutz 2.0,Great team building game very fun and would like to see more in the future
76561198021913143,Recommended,252870,29371328,Posted: 20 January,all,natpcon,"I've played this game since it was a wee lad, about 2 months shy of nothing at all. Even then I was completely mesmerized. I'll state right off that I may be bias as this was the only game me and my brother could play together for several weeks running and I would certianly recommend playing w/ a friend(s) or expect to play online. Thats not to say there isnt an acceptable bot system in the game allowing you to play offline, but it just doesnt quite cut it honestly. This game isnt A+ but it is one of my favorite games. The scope of the gameplay is pretty amazing and with it's replayability factor, your gametime is only limited by your imagination. If you want some polished beautifully designed UI with top of the line graphics this may not be your thing but if you've ever watched Star Trek and wished you could somehow partake, this is about as close as it gets.Imagine, you can get your own star ship to roam around the somewhat depressingly doomed galaxy with a crew of your buddies. Take on your foes in adrenalizing firefights, cannons blasting away at your enemy's shield and hull as your reactor begins to heat up, all the while your men blaze away against an enemy boarding action in the lower decks. At the same time the enemy captain opens up comms and demands your immediate surrender. Just before he and his ship blow into a thousand pieces and you get to loot the remains and sell it for personal profit.."
76561198056664330,Recommended,252870,21982023,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Prince Riku,"this game is increadible with alot of fun hours to cover, theres always something to make you go ""WOW!!!!"" played this game for ages with my mates, every individual with their class is worshiped and is needed for the ship, really fun in intense situations in space battles and getting boarded and even exploring worlds, even feels abit like an alien game with the motion tracker and item finder:Dbuy this game, you will not be disappointed"
76561197960299111,Recommended,252870,22506519,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Drougen,"This game is amazing. I really didn't want to get it when my friend said he thought him and some friends should all play but It's definitely worth it. It almost feels like a new genre of game, never played anything like it!"
,Recommended,252870,20455039,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Niche Quiche,"I do recommend this game, just not yet. This game is a wonderful concept, and quite frankly is the game I have been searching for on steam recently, and open-world, first person space sim-them up. And for an early access game, it has some great core mechanics in place and runs very smoothly on my R9 270. But it is just that, an early access game, and it doesn't quite have enough to warrant that £18.99 price tag. I don't particularly like the art style (personal preference) and would like to see it take a turn to the more realistic side. My point is this:- It is an early access game, if you like to bug report and are really hyped for this game, then buy it.- If you want to jump into a space sim game in the deep end with no tutorial (at the moment), then buy it.- If none of the above apply to you, than wait. This will be an amazing game judging by what I have seen on steam and on the website. What they have planned for this is great. But at the moment, it doesn't have enough of the core mechanics in place. At least not for me. So what I'm doing and I recommend, is waiting until it is at a later build, or when it is fully released and buying it as a full game. It has great potential. Just lakes a few essentials for me at the moment.(I know I didn't play much but it was enough for me)I don't know how many people are working on and developing this. But keep going. You have a great concept and for and early access, a great game."
76561198061354305,Recommended,252870,30050191,Posted: 19 February,all,Trench Fox,"As with most co-op games, its better with friends you know.  Content is still fairly light and unpolished, but the gameplay is solid.  Ship combat is hectic and requires reliable teamwork.  Upgrading your ship bit by bit is also very rewarding.  Every class is essential and interesting, though it is also all about what your gameplay preference is.  Personally I enjoy engineer and science officer the least, but I have had friends who enjoy them the most.Also, the addition of the infected (swarm that starts taking over the galaxy) adds an interesting time limit to each game, though I kinda wish it was optional.Overall, if you are looking for a new experience for you and 3-4 friends, this would be a good pick.  If they keep adding content at a decent pace, it can easily become a must-buy."
76561198039993932,Recommended,252870,20171293,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Christmased,"Hey,So it's PULSAR now.This game according to me, Is one of the funnest space sims I've actually every played.It gives you that oppertunity to RP in real life, while your crew is operating the ship in the same server or you could RP with random people you find online.I have never gotten bored during my time into this game. It's keeps you and your crew occupied, there's lots of planets to explore, lot's of things to kill, Lot's of oppertunity for fun.One thing I have hated and always will is the borthix crystals mission in-game :3Basically, what this mission is.In the galaxy, you'll have to find a specific type of planet and search it to find these crystals. but the planets are all randomized right, so even if you save it randomizes the planets. so this will indeed♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and take alot of time.with that being said, go for it. It's really good."
76561198185108551,Recommended,252870,25893918,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,WhyNotBeGay,"Amazing coop gameplay, teamwork required.5 idiots in space struggled to survive.Interesting planet exploring feature as well."
76561198018573769,Recommended,252870,25860940,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RobboOnBlaster,A great game to play with your friends! Communication is key! I can't wait for future updates and conent!
76561198013234388,Recommended,252870,25361900,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,{SAS}Pinky Stavo,"I dip in and out of this game on occassion's and absolutely love the Sci-Fi role playing that's involved.Yes, the graphics aren't anything to write home about but the actual gameplay and environment are totally engrossing!I'd recommend this game to any Sci-Fi fan who's ever imagined themselves as part of a buccaneering crew on a ship like Serenity or the Raza, or after a few drinks, it often ends up more like Red Dwarf ;)"
,Recommended,252870,25339855,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Calico-Jack,"Set out in our guild starter ship, progressive upgrades funded by piracy let us take on the big boys, lost everything when our ship mysteriously exploded during cargo transfer from a ship we'd boarded leaving us with a vastly inferior ship. Picked ourselves up and continued to either extort or board our way around the galaxy, occasionally stopping off on planets to exterminate all lifeEventually captured a ship identical to our original starter ship - felt like we'd just come home, continued the galactic pillage, amassed wealth, captured a massive star ship ....10/10 would play again"
76561198218510448,Recommended,252870,33034892,Posted: 30 June,all,benderisgreat333,"I'm 8 hours it, it's already one of my favorite spaceship games."
76561198303388799,Recommended,252870,34339097,Posted: 18 August,all,Kapkan,"I will start off with the fact that the game has an amazing concept that I believe more games should have, running a spaceship with friends. Now its far from complete and I believe that the systems you control basicaly run by themselves and need more options and reason to control them.  The game though is very fun needs more things to do better graphics and a good trading system in my opinion but I love this game.  In time with decent updates and a dedicated dev team this game will reach amazing heights.  Please buy to support the game, yes its expensive but with support this game will become complete."
,Recommended,252870,24258253,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,IceFire,"For those who are curious what this game is like, it's literally FPS FTL with the gameplay of Guns of Icarus if it were Co-op PvE instead of PvP. You can even go it alone with AI crew if you're feeling daring enoughSo far in this game i'veNuked a random because i shot him firstGot kicked for not having a mic on an American serverRead captain's logDon't remember writing in captain's logWarped off somewhere, met a dude, said hi, reopened comms, extorted him, he said lolno and i blew him up dying on his shipDid a mission to warp somewhere and get♥♥♥♥♥♥from a ship, raided it, hacked a bunch of stuff, died on it as i blew it upFlown through a repair yardTried to shoot at NPCs at the HQ with my beam pistolWarped through a jumpgate to the opposite side of space for a couple hundred creds, went to a distress beacon, teleported to the planet and met a dude who's legs have frozen and cant fix his♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm now about to go through arctic hell to fix his ♥♥♥♥ing heater going through mines and ...creatures...Oh, and that 1st ship i boarded i hacked engineering and dumped his coreFTL/10, would board an enemy ship and jettison their reactor again."
,Recommended,252870,25045244,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SpicyG,"""Inject the sitting duck virus""""Are you sure it on-""""DO IT AND THEY CAN'T MOVE AND WE WILL SIPHON THEIR MONEY""They can infact still use their guns and move a littleRIP U.S.S Harambe, it was a good two hours."
76561198011720452,Recommended,252870,29771631,Posted: 7 February,all,Ångström,"My first experience:""Hm... what does this button do?""-5 min and a suffocation death later-""Ah! It turns of oxigen.""This game won me over with its gameplay and its potential.I highly recommend playing it with 4 friends though!(well 3 are almost better, as the wapons bot doesn't miss)"
,Recommended,252870,28415117,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zyna,Fun party game.
,Recommended,252870,18062115,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,HouseNoodleSoup,"With each new space game (3D, exploration-based, simulation game) improvement seems incremental, and Pulsar Lost Colony looks to be one of those increments, although it is a little early in it's life.  I have high hopes for this give what is already here."
76561198035070979,Not Recommended,252870,31615470,Posted: 7 May,all,YourEvilClone,"What seems exciting at first glance quickly becomes boring and dull. As much as I would like this game to shine it is simple, repetitive and has some serious control issues. Everything feels clumsy and unfinished.It is fun if you can play with a couple of friends, even hillarous at first, but after a couple of hours this games reveals what it is: ambitious but not thought through. Couple that with bugs, glitches and other issues...Combat difficulty is random; the ai is stupid but you have to fight the controls.Soooo? If you want the ""Star Trek Bridge"" feeling you may enjoy this. But don't expect a quality game. I can't recommand this game. So for me it was refund request and i'm done with it.Oh... and by the way: level desing is horrible (especially for stations and outer areas) large empty spaces with dozens of dead ends... yay..."
,Recommended,252870,25165158,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"Well I have had a matter of experiences, but not once did I ever think about refunding.The most beautiful thing when your warping.Game mechanics wise, great, sliders for power, every different class has different jobs:Captain: Tells crew what to doEngineer: Manages power and the core from over heating. ""I can't doooet captayn, I dun't have the power""Scientist: Can infect enemy ships with viruses, put up antivirus for our ship, bring up comms with other ships, scan the area for ships, and use a scanner, on a planet, to scan for lifeforms, which was very useful when were all were attacked by ♥♥♥♥ing giant ants....Weapons: Can use main gun turret, manages power to each, fires missiles, and can use the nuclear device only when told so.Pilot: If you need to be told what the pilot does, you shouldn't be a pilot.Every experience makes it different, and that's the funnest thing about it, imagine a really pretty first person advanced version of FTL. Except real time, and you got real people telling you what the guck to do."
,Not Recommended,252870,24193107,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AnnonOMous,"One of my friends really hyped this up to me, and told me all the fantastic sounding stories, so I purchased it.  Kinda wishing I hadn't as it's boring, at least to me.  The conept is nice and I might c ome back to it in a year, maybe.  but for now, it's off my computer.Good:Nice conceptThe roles of the crewNeutralGraphics aren't pleasing but definetly not a reason to stop playing.Apparently has Xbox One controller supprt, but I couldn't get it to work.  Could be a fault on my end though.Bad:I found the game boring.Seems like the first 30 mins of every game I played with my friend are running around and setting up AIs to do things...Needs adapting to have more players.  There are 5 ""Officer"" roles but I think it could eb better with some additional players just being plain crew members once the 5 officers are set up.I'm not saying this is a bad game (I'd give it a neutral recomendation if I could), but it doesn't work for me.  Like I say, I might come back to it in a year or so.  That's more generous then some games I've played..."
,Recommended,252870,19288391,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MG Mage | Zoldyck,"Really good and amazing game, I love the game. It has friends you can play with, a really good voice chat option, and almost everything you'd like in a game. Soon it will be out and better with cooler stuff, no bugs, (etc.)."
,Recommended,252870,25605888,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Survii Gecko,Me and my friends spent half an hour playing hide and seek on the biggest ship.10/10 better than prop huntoh yeah i also heard its a cool space game or smth but whatever
,Recommended,252870,32761620,Posted: 25 June,all,gir,I feel like a ♥♥♥♥ing badass captain so do it!
,Recommended,252870,18224477,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PROlapsed Ninja,"It's a blast with friends and some voice com, not so much with randoms.Can't wait for what's coming in future updates!"
,Recommended,252870,33037296,Posted: 30 June,all,McMurphey,Great game to play with one or more friends. It has a constant stream of updates and improvements.
69669696696966969,Recommended,252870,21958814,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Firebarrage,FTL meets Guns of Icarus meets Space Station 13. Really great game!
76561198073871882,Recommended,252870,22123345,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mr Skeletal,"Amazing game, can't wait for beta 7 to come out and the game has so much potential"
76561198011978520,Recommended,252870,26392071,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Curious Pyro,"Have you ever wanted to go on a space adventure with your friends? Does the idea of yelling over coms while you and your crew desperately try to survive entice you? Do you just want a good game to socialize in? If so, this is the game for you.You and your crew take on the galaxy in an attempt to get rich, pimp out your ship, and slaughter everything in your path. You will find yourself engaging in space battles, exploring planets, and completing missions in order to amass lots and lots of cash. Your travels will take you to many places, like desolate planets, abandoned ships, and the public toilets in a trade hub. This trek across the galaxy can be done by either friends or strangers you meet on the internet. The game is good as a social game since it requires you to actually communicate if you want any chance of getting anywhere in the game.Theres currently enough content in the game to give you a few 8-10 hour adventures. Each instance of a game generates a randomly laid out galaxy that is different from the ones you played before and the ones you will play in the future. Devs are pretty good about updating the game.Overall, definitely get. Great fun."
76561198008998664,Recommended,252870,23645305,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,PotaytohPohtahtoh,"this is the best space game im ever gonna get to play, probably, each time its ""new""... and by ""new"" i mean you can encounter the same planets... if you got a good crew, well... it doesnt really matter if you got a good crew... its just fun to play for hours"
,Recommended,252870,23368877,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Durch,"PULSAR: Lost Colonyis a cooperative game in a futuristic space faring setting.  Up to five players collaborate to tackle exploration and combat objectives.Each player assumes a role in a small starship crew: Captain, Scientist, Pilot, Engineer, or Weapons Specialist.  Working together, the crew travels across a randomized galaxy to overcome various obstacles.  Exploration missions task the crew with travelling to remote locations to retrieve items or investigate an area.  Combat includes ship-to-ship battles as well as gunfights between individual players and opposing NPCs.  Enemy ships may be boarded and seized, or destroyed for scrap.Each player has specific responsibilities.  The Scientist operates the ship's sensors, shield configuration, and opens communications with other vessels.  The Engineer manages the ship's power systems to ensure various parts of the craft are able to operate, without overheating the reactor.  The Pilot flies the craft and acts as the crew's ""eyes"" - identifying hazards or items of interest that do not appear on sensors.  The Weapons Specialist mans the ship's turrets and acts as the craft's security officer.  Finally, the Captain (the player hosting the game) is the crew's decision maker - managing missions, diplomacy over comms, and overseeing the crew's finances.Simply put,PULSAR: Lost Colonyis a great game.  For a better understanding of the game (without playing it), check outthis gameplay video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwhbnW-o80c"
,Recommended,252870,31589114,Posted: 6 May,all,Mud,PULSAR: Lost Colony is a unique gem.It's complex enough to offer a RPG experience with some degree of depth - but casual enough that you can pick up and play.The main gripe I have about it would be the lack of ships available and the limited crew size. Honestly they're minor gripes - and I'd be happy to recommend this to anyone interested in living out their Firefly fantasies!
,Recommended,252870,29001358,Posted: 4 January,all,CommanderKeef,"Just bought this game last night and i've been playing literally all day, the gameplay is amazing and extremely addictive. Absolute steal for only 25 buckos, for an early access title this is already one seriously dank gameLiterally the only downside I can think of is that you need a mic to get the most out of multiplayer. It's 2017 so you gotta have a mic sonBuy it fool"
,Recommended,252870,31714061,Posted: 12 May,all,SirKnumskull,"Pulsar: Lost Colony is a space exploration game focussed on co-op and interaction and communication with your fellow crew members. There is no PvP element to this at all, it is strictly PvE.As of this review (Beta 14.6) the game lacks both polish and content and is plagued by a multitude of issues that can make the experience less than stellar (pun intended), but everytime you find a crew that is willing to work together - and you do find those crews - you see the beauty of the game and how the core of the game is already working, it just needs flashing out and polish. Lots of polish.Issues you need to be aware of at this point in time:- The AI is mostly useless. You can play alone but it isn't nearly as fun as playing with a crew, at least three players are needed for a fully functional crew.- The visuals are not what you'd expect in 2017. They are simply outdated. On the plus side this makes the game run smoothly on toasters aswell.- While in total there is quite a bit of content there you have to hunt for it and play all three available factions. It is mostly empty space at this point.- The balancing is horrible.- Lots of bugs. Save often, save early!- There is no proper tutorial or even manual, the ingame instructions are outdated and incomplete.- Lack of a reputation system or even the possibility to properly track players make open lobbies an easy target for trolls.While this is quite a list of issues the core of the game already works: your performance is largely depending on how well your crew works together. With a inexperienced or disorganized crew you can lose fights that would be easy pickings when you are coordinated and communicate well enough.Overall this game is a diamond in the rough, it is Early Access, it is beta, it is unfinished. But it has a functional core."
,Recommended,252870,18069104,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Kumoa,So far this game meet and exceeds my expectations! Finally! A star trek type space game where you are in control and can play with your friends. Very immersive. THank you!
,Recommended,252870,30434622,Posted: 10 March,all,GhostMan,PULSAR: Lost Colony is an ealy access space exploration game (kind of like Star Trek). Overall the game is good and has great potencial but we will live and see how it will evolve.As most of the Early access games it isn't finished and i recomend you to find some friends to play with in order to really enjoy the game. The AI of the bot crew is almost inexistent and most of the time will get you killed if you don't have a look on the consoles that they man with the exception of the Weapons specialist bot that is quite good at shooting stuff.From when it was launched till now a lot of bugs where repaired and they added more ships but is still misses some textures here and there and some areas seems unfinished and unpolished but they will be added eventualy.As of now i recomend the game and support the devs cause till now they showed that they care about the game and eventualy it could become an really good space exploration game.
76561198025470758,Recommended,252870,26405400,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Void, the Violet Knight","Nutshell review:+ Pretty entertaining- One bad apple can ruin a whole run??? You can sabotage your own ship to troll people+ There's a guy impersonating Zap Brannigan who hosts periodically- The game's not at all close to being a full game quite yet- Really needs to go on sale more often, for more than 20%- Too pricey+ There's a good amount of servers at any point in time+ There are sand worm easter eggs- Seriously though what the hell is up with the $25.00 I mean really guys+ You can board and hijack ships+ Beer"
,Recommended,252870,26692220,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,I Swallow,10/10 will eject core again
76561198009516474,Not Recommended,252870,26300975,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NecessaryWeevil,"Would I recommend this game? That depends.If you look forward to wandering around the galaxy with friends exploring locations, meeting people and taking their stuff, then go for it.If, however, you are looking for mechanics at each crew station that take more than half an hour to master and give each person a meaningful contribution to the outcome of combat, this isnt the game for you."
,Recommended,252870,18321892,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Oxynrider,"Very kickass, it may look rough around the edges but its worth it."
,Recommended,252870,18379288,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sithodah,"BUY WITH WILLING FRIENDS!!What is it: FTL with Friends!This game is actually super cool! The whole idea and concept is honest just a dream game if you want to be running LANs or just want a good game for you and the buds!The basic idea is this, You and your friends are in charge of running a spaceship, so you'll need a pilot, a weapon specialist, a scientist, an engineer and of course, a captain. then you just go exploring the depths of space! completing missions and the like!PROS:Decent multiplayer! didn't have much trouble connecting, making a server, and the server lag wasn't ever a problem.Gameplay seems solid! the controls and weapons all seem to function well! the weapons aren't too exciting yet though.Pilot and run your own spaceship with your friends! This all works awesome! the piloting controls, and the whole UI is great if you are changing things in the menus and various panels found throughout your craft.Jobs are actually fun! the jobs are surprising all filled with interesting things to do at almost every moment of gameplay, no real down time or dull moments for anyone! though admittedly, Pilot and Engineer have the most to do, and the most responsibility.Go to planets! You can actually go to a variety of planets and fight monsters, aliens, robots or the general populace for the loot found about the place!You can level up and upgrade your character! You can actually pick from a decent selection of perks that improve your job efficiency, and get a variety of armours and weapons along the way!CONS:Shooting isn't so great yet: With the exception of spaceship shooting, the FPS gameplay is weak, but functional. with work, this will be much better in time I imagine!Planets can be dull: Some planets can be strange, or seem very.... glitchy. This part definitely feels the most unpolished, but I'm confident it will improve with time.Navigation can be awkward: Too often we got a mission at a such-n-such location, and we had no clue how to get there. I think some work needs to be done in this area.Progression is Minimal: The character progression is fine, but the ship progression seems non-existent. to my knowledge, you cannot upgrade your ship to another ship, merely attach upgrades to certain parts of the ship. This is all well and good, but once you start making coin, it would be cool to be able to buy a new spacecraft to use in game.THINGS THEY SHOULD INCLUDE IN THIS (AWESOME) GAME-Campaign Mode: A full story to experience with your friends spanning a good 6 hours or so! with firefights, exploration, science stuff, and diplomacy! I would love that kind of experience, making the tough decisions as captain, putting controversial decisions to a vote for your crew, or possibly facing Reaper-ish foes! It would be fantastic!-Custom-Made Missions: This would fit into the campaign side of things, but A mission builder type of system would be awesome! You could make entire missions or campaigns to then play with friends or share online, with the option of including voiced dialogue and tree-style story elements!-Launchable Starfighters: It would be awesome if in the event of a large battle, a launchable craft could be made available to aid the mothership in violent incursions! This could also open the door to additional exploration options!In closing, this game is freaking great! It is missing a little shine and polish, but is very reminiscent of the ""Mount and Blade"" series, which is definitely a good thing! just add a bit more scope, and some more cool doo-dads here and there, we have a true classic!"
,Recommended,252870,22132899,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,zef,One of the only games that allows me to be THE COMMANDER.
,Recommended,252870,18284144,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ptolemy I (#2 was a loser),"This game has done the impossible...I like it more than Subnautica! keep it up, devs!"
,Recommended,252870,22873506,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Huntermist,The game has a great foundation and the devs are amazing they made a game that iv bin wanting for YEARS and today i right this review with a badass rank or 8/10. Few bugs here and there and.... Trolls. not the troll your thinking frm fantcy games or storys no. the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who think there funny and ruin the fun for every one on the ship. but this game is great if you CAN get past the trolls and bugs.
,Recommended,252870,19868039,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Schougen,This is the true Co-op experience!
76561198276730737,Recommended,252870,21773656,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Situationally Inappropriate,Imersive FTL; This is the answer when looking for a space game with friends or people to play with.Best Early Access game of the Year 2015Best Game of the Year 201611/10
76561198041341094,Recommended,252870,18146445,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mrtopkid,"Ai know **** all about how to operate a space ship. AI have been the death of me many many MANY times. but still a great game, get on sale cus its over priced af"
76561198200490299,Recommended,252870,19865511,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kingsarmay {PinkSock},sooooo much fun best for role playing i would say u need good mates to play with! and the AI are hard as sh!t so get ready to fail but it makes it good at the same time hahah
,Recommended,252870,20158421,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ijabaH,"This is a great game but it needs a lot of practice, time and friends to play with and succeed"
,Recommended,252870,23061122,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shoomfie,"This game gets better and better every time I play it.  It can be a challenging game right from the get go.  Often my ship only lasts about a half-hour, but this last time I've gone on several missions of increasing difficulty without any hiccups/explosions.  The AI is still farily derpy, and I would love to see my friendly bots follow me to surfaces (with or without EVA suits).  But overall it's a great game that offers each class some interesting unique mechanics.  It'll be interesting to see where this game goes with it all and I look forward to lots more gameplay."
,Recommended,252870,24679817,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[OGL5] WesF,"If Star Citizen is half as fun it justifies the wait.Coop space ship, crew focused, have much fun turning off your crewmembers systems.Community is great, very helpful."
,Recommended,252870,24981294,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,devonc0,"This game is great fun, even in the Alpha stage - there's enough complexity to each role that each person feels like they play a significant role in success (and failure)"
,Recommended,252870,25083295,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Stronghans McIronuts,"Take everything you thought you knew about thinking and throw it away, because you don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to this game.PULSAR: Lost Colony relies heavily on teamwork and strategy, if you can not work together then you will die together."
76561198042058547,Recommended,252870,24947706,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Vermin Supreme,"i can highly recommend this game. its silent hunter meets ftl in space with multiplayer. great fun with some friends or random people you meet on the server. nice atmosphere. in depth mechanics. (played like 5 hours and im still a total scrubhead)sure you can definitely tell its not finished yet but its already a solid, fun game.if you want to play star trek this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,252870,31618410,Posted: 7 May,all,The Best Submarine,"Great game with 2 or more friends, looking forward to full release!"
76561198067529443,Recommended,252870,31617735,Posted: 7 May,all,patomanofallcolors,"The real multicrew star trek simulator.More things I want in it, but its the game to look forward to.Dont forget to up the settings (they are default at low)."
,Recommended,252870,31608696,Posted: 7 May,all,Shuc49,"This is an absolutely amazing game.I started this game not expecting much. The nature of the game seemed like alot of learning was required, but don't let that discourage you from getting the game. You will very quickly get used to the controls and be able to play normally. Especially if you get a good team who you can have fun with.This game works best with voice chat of some sort so the team can effectively communicate. Once the team learns to work together, it really feels like you are in Star Trek commanding your own starship. I must say that it is the multiplayer experience that makes this game as great as it is, but it doesn't mean you cannot play it alone. You can recruit AI crew members so that they can assist you.In terms of content, there is actually alot to do. There are many quests to complete and many planets and space stations to explore. Occassionally you will run into enemy ships and infested parts of the galaxy in which you will have to fight off or turn tail and run. Team work really comes into play here. When an enemy ship attacks, you can try to use your ships defences to destroy them, or hack them and board their ship. After massacring the crew the ship becomes a sitting duck. You can also claim that ship to be your own! (You can only own 1 ship at one time though)This game being in early access and having mediocre graphics may put you off, but you should give it a chance. I most certainly enjoyed it."
76561198052831545,Recommended,252870,31634362,Posted: 8 May,all,Shody,So much fun.  And for the price its a steal.  My friends and I have been laughing all day about our games the other night.
,Recommended,252870,31645939,Posted: 9 May,all,rinks361,"I've been playing this for awhile now and absolutely love the game. There are some quirks and missing content with it being in beta stages still, but none-the-less it is pretty fun, especially when you get with a good crew where everyone has voice chat. Sometimes the ingame voice chat doesn't work so it helps if you have external chat software to use. Buddying up with regular friends is especially fun but it can be difficult at first to find a good crew. Some people just play derpy and joke around all day. Others are more serious players who respect the captain's orders and offer good suggestions. There are also those who are hardcore role players and create real names for their characters instead of weird usernames. Then there's the SUPER hardcore roleplayers who consistently role play as their characters and do everything from bridge crew duties to hanging out in the lounge and talking.The systems work very well but flying can be quirky until you get used to it. This is especially true when using upgraded thrusters on an already agile ship. Overall though, if you have a good crew that works well together and a captain that knows what he or she is doing, then the game becomes a really great social experience as well as a fun multiplayer game. Right now there is not much else for the Pilot and Weapons Specialist to do, but I think they are adding more to their roles soon. I would like to see the Pilot have the ability to engage warp instead of the Engineer as sometimes the Pilot may not be properly aligned to the right place and the Engineer will hit the warp button too early. I'd also like to see the Weapons Specialist have access to weapons that the other crew cannot use.Now overall the game is fun, but every once in awhile you get some trolls who enter your game. They'll do things like mess with power levels, fire at friendly ships, warp you around, turn off oxygen, shut down the ship, destroy ship modules, etc. It's easy to kick if you're hosting, but it would be nice if each station could lock out others from using their systems. This would also help curb the over zealous players who like to do other stations jobs for them. It would also be cool if the captain could lock and unlock specific systems aside from just the emergency warp so players can't mess with them. Gets frustrating when you're on a planet and some other player jumps into the game and engages warp while you're in the middle of a mission and causes everyone to go back to the ship.I hope the game gets a lot more content like more crew members for ships - especially for larger ships where it takes a minute to get back and forth, it might be good to have a bridge engineer for power management, engine room engineer for core stability duties, bridge science officer for sensors and comms, research science officer and maybe a security officer to help with ship invasions and handle other turrets as 5 man crews are usually busy in their own stations to run to another turret to help fight). fighter jets for the carriers that the pilot and/or weapons specialist can use, ability to put on Exosuits to leave the ship in space to do hull repairs, maybe some PVP against other players (faction vs faction!) and PVE co-op where you could assist other crews in missions and large scale battles. More as well as a better variety of missions could also be added as right now there is not much to explore or do but I will be keeping an eye on this game for a long time. I've been waiting for a social space sim for a long time and this has really been satisfying that and it's only in early access."
76561198106594610,Recommended,252870,25126218,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ThePoshScot,I really like this game. It really brings people together as if you join a random six complete strangers work together to keep exploring and maintaining the ship. All together it is a great game. 10/10 would play again
76561197967115995,Recommended,252870,21721786,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Burt Macklin FBI,"I dont make recomendations on here often,  but this game is epic.   Try it, seriously."
,Recommended,252870,33210414,Posted: 3 July,all,WillytheParks,"A very fun and intense game to play, but sadly the community for this game is very weak. If you have friends to play this with go ahead and buy it! it's worth every penny! It's a mixture between star trek and a little taste of fallout in space to me for some odd reason!"
,Recommended,252870,25250829,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Green Cactus,"Amazing game with great devs constantly fixing bugs and updating it, keep in mind this is not a finished game so there's a lot to come but it is worth you time, if you like co-op games about space exploration and battle then this is the game for you"
,Recommended,252870,28972527,Posted: 3 January,all,grizeldi,"I dont know where to start...If you like space and coop games stop reading this review, scroll up and buy it.If you need some more info to be convinced here are my impressions:- it's most fun with friends, but it also possible to find a decent crew in a public match, the game has very good integrated voice chat (based on teamspeak)- it's very cool to have so many things to do onboard of the ship, especially if your crew is not full (5 people)- dogfights are very fun, but hard and full cooperation is needed, since 3 roles are needed, and 2 support- quests are mostly of the fetch type- at the moment, game needs more content (planets, quests...)- charging warp, jumping, charging warp, jumping... gets repetitive- planets are quite small, planet bases are very dark, so it's a challenge to navigate (you do have a spotlight though)Overall very fun, but runs out of content in about 20 hours (or so I've been told, I'm not there yet) and then you place it in the corner for a month and then return"
,Recommended,252870,28685650,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,no ice,"I like. This is the co op no mans sky should live up to. Admitedly early access so a lot of the game you feel should be there isn't but theres still a lot you can do and learn. Good for roleplay and stuff as it's very much a co op game. Difficult with only 2 people but 3 is a good amount, any more and it's difficult to handle but with friends that can behave themselves very very fun. I got it in a sale because I'm poor and I would recommend getting it on sale because it's early access but personally I would've paid full price for it if I had the money.Travel space because space is fun. Help people out or screw them over why not."
,Recommended,252870,28522440,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fred,It's a great exploration game.
76561198064434179,Recommended,252870,24155158,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Doug,"First review ever on my account with over 300 games because this one blew me away. Basically Faster Than Light redesigned as an online coop first person game. All PvE. You can even board other ships with your crew and steal them and extract some of the gear from your old one. There are some glitches here and there but they seem far from game breaking, but they could maybe become more aparant when I learn more about the game and be captain of my own ship. For example, the computer often says a system has no planet, but we go there and it does. But the bugs seem pretty minor and not too common from having played mostly as crew members for 20 hours now."
,Recommended,252870,28516184,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Professor Dr. Captain Bathroom,Had great fun playing this game over a couple of days as a group of three in the same room. If you find yourself in the same situation and you dont mind exploring the contents of the game while exploring how to play it (which you figure out along the way) I'd highly recommend this. Will be playing this again
76561198041815096,Recommended,252870,28962798,Posted: 2 January,all,mrpetrocket,"I spent the first hour running amok in the starting ship. Every screen displays real updates about your ship. Every control panel functions. There is a six-step process to rebooting your ship which involves monster circuit breakers and touch screens nestled behind the warp core.On my second multiplayer stint, we contacted a smuggler in the back alley of a space station, escaped the clutches of corporate drone gunships and jetpacked through a vast ancient planetary ruin so cold our EVA suit glass frosted over. This is apparently just one mission in a randomized, constantly-evolving galaxy.The only successful missions I have flown required teamwork. Pilot has to orient the ship so that the weapons officer can see the enemy. Engineer has to juggle power between the engines, weapons, and the power-hungry jump drive. Captain has to order the crew to stop firing phase pistols at viewscreens during critical operations.Bottom line: this game is packed with detail, takes place in a changing universe, and requires multiplayer cooperation. If your dream is for you and your friends to take a starship and explore the dangers of deep space, this is your game. If that is not your dream, you are lying."
,Recommended,252870,24513641,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Funky Duck,"Really fun game with friends. Note: Key Words WITH FRIENDS.The game isn't very polished but it has a lot of charm. The planets are not very large but are pretty diverse in their settings. Which is something I really appreciated.Space combat can either be very dragged out or very quick depending on the two ships. It's not that fun as there's not much skill required. It's just pretty much who has the better weapons/hull/shield. The programs can save you in times of dire need but I haven't had much success in using the offensive programs.Great game with friends. Had a ton of fun after learning who to trade salvaged cargo and got decent enough weapons to kill bandits with. Definitely needs polish though. And I'll say it, the game has a lot of potential. (Early access cliche but I feel this game could actually be great. Dev is very responsive and helpful)P.S. I only have 0.1 hours on record because I had to directly launch from .exe due to a problem with my undedicated nvidia gpu."
76561198053299524,Recommended,252870,23626474,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,biegelk,"PULSAR: Lost Colony is a great game, even with only 1/10 of the intended content included so far. For all its roughness (being an early-access game) I have had a ton of fun with it so far and it is well worth the money even in its current state. The game feels very grand--moving from space station to ship to planet gives the impression that the universe is a huge place with many things to see and explore. I haven't tried all the crew positions yet; can confirm that Captain and Pilot are both very fun.If you have at least one friend, buy this game. You won't be disappointed, and it'll only get better from here."
76561198010357269,Recommended,252870,20412475,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Rubber Finger,"FLT and Guns of icarus in a blender and you have Pulsar, great game."
76561197996299148,Recommended,252870,22136680,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Scanner,Bought game. Started it up to see what it was alla bout. Played for a few minutes then wrote the review. Those few minutes morphed into 6 hours apparently. 10/10 would lose my job again.
,Recommended,252870,28838942,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saucy Wiggles,A fantastic exploration game with a focus on teamwork. Without communication with your crewmates you are doomed. You can't be alone in a huge galaxy with huge conflicts without huge consequences.
,Recommended,252870,20303294,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Minegarde,"Overall PULSAR: The Lost Colony is an interesting space exploration experience, offering potential for a fantastic team based game challenging communication and cooperation. However, while it is in Early Access there is not enough content to keep a crew engaged much longer after learning their stations and getting a grasp of the game. I look forward to future content to come from the Leafy Games crew and would play more once there is more to do in the game."
76561198117813937,Recommended,252870,33216981,Posted: 3 July,all,DRGNWco. shadows.brother.99[HBN],Its pretty good. slow at some points and a pretty good speed at others.  gota have patient but its cool
76561198272004165,Recommended,252870,32826267,Posted: 26 June,all,✪ kiwi,I have not played that much yet but I love it. The graphics arent the highest quality but it does not bother me in this game. Its a great game if you want to mess around with your friends or actually accomplish something.
,Recommended,252870,21733634,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,GayPornStudio,"This one is a really great co-op space simulator. Never really seen anything like this before as a standalone game. This one remindes me cruiser command map for WC3/SC2 if u know what am I talking about. It is pretty simple atm, lacking some content, but the gameplay already implemented is really exciting."
,Recommended,252870,19753939,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Washington,A brilliant game with plenty offer with some occasional bugs. Overall I prefer this game over elite daangerous and its a quarter of the price. 8/10 does need some work but in its current state its quite amazing.
76561198017336743,Recommended,252870,18178355,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Tactical Wargamer,If you like Artemis (bridge simulator) you will love this bad boy. Excellent team work and communication will win the day! Universe is massive. The stations are very detailed and all player have a critical role to play.I would say the game is 90% complete. Lots of players online to play with or invite your friends. Makes for a great LAN party. 11/10
,Recommended,252870,33070311,Posted: 30 June,all,Destruktorr/Spacesuit,"Its a good game, but its a little too pricey. Especially when you and all your friends want to get it. I never got to endgame because of how difficult things got, which was fun, and challenged me and my crew to adapt and survive, but they didnt so they died"
,Recommended,252870,32963467,Posted: 28 June,all,Big Dick Bazuso,friendo was an engineer and accidentally shot the warp core then my ship floated into an asteroid.10/10
76561198001938999,Recommended,252870,29077738,Posted: 6 January,all,warrior-scholar,"Haven't played very long, but....Pros:-large playing environment-ships have their own ""personality""-good political and reputation system-character progress is quick-each station has its own perks and weaknesses-ship to ship combat can be intensecons:-bot AI is slow and clunky-character combat feels off-planet exploration is slow on foot-no skill for stamina boostplayed single player on first launch, attacked by pirates, ship blew up.lasted 1 minute 46 secondsbought it for a friend to play again."
76561198045644625,Recommended,252870,29097337,Posted: 7 January,all,Milenos,"Played this game a lots with friends, and some without. Did many game with all ship and did all research possible and mission. And my opinion on the thing is kinda mixed up, more on the positive side tho. So from what i've experienced, i could say that sometime you find a game with people that want to play the game seriously, maybe sometime too much, but i think that fine. I play most simulation game in a serious manner, to immerse me in the experience. Really, if you can get some friends (at least one, but i suggest two) you can do a lots in this game. The AI on your ship is really bad, but its getting better with the modification to the crew panel priority. If you play with a friend, get it to be gunner and as captain you can pilot easily. The enemy AI is a little over reactive, but unless you just board everything, you shouldn't notice it that much. After a while, when you know about the game, you can easily upgrade your ship with the best main turret, without needing to have a strong ship, etc, so i find that having more cargo space is more valuable than having firepower at start. The game is definitivly not for everyone, but for the public its targeting, well its great.The Dev keep upgrading the game from time to time, its not really fast, but at least they do it.What i would like to see in this game:- Scientist hacking mini-game, because right now it pretty non-interactive. Click, its send the virus, now wait. Scientist has nothing more to do most of the time.- Engineer salvage mini-game as well, why not. I mean, its fine to have an arbitrary % of getting something, but i feel like giving the chance to the player to do something for the salvage would be cool, with scaling difficulty for end-tier system.- I don't have anymore idea for right now."
76561198009948261,Recommended,252870,22075422,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Aiare,"This game is alot of fun, especilly if you have some friends who like space. Simmiler to Guns of Icarus gameplay, but PVE not PVP. Communication is key, so you want a mic to enjoy this game. De'v keep makeing it beter. Iwould recomend it if you like team play style games!"
,Recommended,252870,22131679,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Hot diggity doggo,"Really great game. I think it still has its kinks, and the AI could use improvement. Apart from that and a few spelling mistakes, its worth the money to have the experience. Playing with friends is a must."
76561197972348024,Recommended,252870,22105598,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Fuub,Awesome space experience.
76561198055251340,Recommended,252870,22056835,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Salad,"amazing online space, fps, exploration game."
,Recommended,252870,25241052,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Spin_Echo,"Wow what a fun game! I hope this picks up in the future and more people become aware of it. It's a first person version of FTL basically. Get your crew together and explore the Galaxy! Lots of variation in planets and bases, enemies and lots of ways to fight them. Be a pirate or be a diplomatic captain, it's up to you! It is currently early access but I can't wait to see what they do next! My favourite thing... I'm basically Dr. Crusher with a jetpack."
,Recommended,252870,18297263,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Elohesra,"Tried quite a few early access games looking for something a little bit different to the tonne of half finished zombie survival games that are being dumped on us right now and with this little gem i think I've found something i can get stuck into.Don't try and play solo, doing that will very quickly becoming frustrating as you rely on the AI bots to do things that they (as yet) cannot do, this means running about like a lunatic trying to micro manage your ship and you will quit before giving the game a chance to shine at what it does brilliantly, co-op play.Jump into a game with either friends or randoms and you'll soon be fighting your way across the cosmos looking for that bigger gun, better engine, stronger shield, cheap nuke etc etc.The core of the game is mostly finished and while there are still some minor bugs there is nothing that is game breaking that I've found, the devs have started to flesh out the universe now and bring more content to the different classes so very soon there will be more places to go and more things to do when you get there.The games when I've logged in and joined random groups have been fun as well with everyone getting into their assigned characters and roleplaying with the rest of the group. Plus the advice i was given helped me with my own games playing with my brothers.Will recommend this game and keep up the good work devs :)"
,Recommended,252870,23652940,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,=(eGO)= Ryo5678,"Obviously the game is still currently in beta and will bugs and other problems.Pros:- Unique interface with each role- 5 tasks that come together to stay alive (Engineer, Captain, Scientist, Weapons Specialist, Pilot)- Customization of ship (also part of the cons...)- Customizable bots (although still annoying at times)- Missions and what looks like hints towards certain things that could become a bigger storyline- Cross-platform- Planetary exploration- Ship boarding (to be improved hopefully)-Still better then no mans sky :/Cons:- Small amount of ships to choose from- Customization needs a lot of improvement and expansion- no campaign or large story- Infection screws you over time :/- Unrefined ships with questionable room placement (Ex. Carrier, scientist locker room is next to weapons room and weapons locker room is next to science lab)- 2nd day playing the game my lobby got hit by 2 trolls joining with different names for an hour removing fuel and screwing the ship (PLEASE ADD A STEAM ID SYSTEM)"
,Recommended,252870,18192185,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GunDOS,This game is great its like guns of icarus in space and having to be actually skilled at your specific job...
,Recommended,252870,29774730,Posted: 7 February,all,MrsLazyGeneral,"I am excited they released new content.  This game is very player dependent, and I would HIGHLY recommend playing with a group of friends.  It's a great space game, and each of you can control a different part of it."
76561198242908210,Recommended,252870,30190849,Posted: 26 February,all,Hydr0gen_I0dide,"PULSAR: Lost Colony could be summed up as the better version of quintet mixed with a less in-depth space engineers. Granted, as a Early Access game it as some development to do but is already fantastic and can only get better. The set up of this game, the co-op, role based, space, exploration, PvE setup that Quintet had and the ship customization (scaled way back) and planet exploration that Space Engineer has mixed creates this awe inspiringly amazing game.Some general points of goodness include:-ease of multiplayer-single and multiplayer-ease of customization-active factions-smooth combat-trading-planet exploration-ability to pirate ships-various stations to man-inside of ships to explore-actually needing cooperation between players (if there are players)And as this will be posted will the game is still in early access and being updated, there will definitely be more to add to this list"
,Recommended,252870,23336000,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Fuckass,">buy>join friend>try out all ships, decide on using intrepid>get more people to join us>go on adventure>find quest>go on away party>rats everywhere>kill all the rats>no scans detected>take one step and a myriad of antlion-things come out of the ground>hurry to finish quest and leave>later find a ship threatening us>discuss options>decide to blow them up>fire off missiles and lasers>other ship dies in seconds>fast forward>pilot and science guy have to go>save game>me, the captain and the engineer go on a killing spree, using the distress signal as a decoy>kill many civvies>eventually get blown up by another cruiser10/10 would go from sort-of good guy to future hitler again"
,Recommended,252870,31593834,Posted: 6 May,all,Bubbie,Great game to play with your friends.
,Recommended,252870,32344003,Posted: 11 June,all,Robert Darkblade,I GET TO FLY A SHIP WITH FRIENDS AND CONTROL DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF SAID SHIP! THIS IS THE BEST EVER!!!
11111222223333444,Recommended,252870,26466138,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Duke,"For a low price of £18.99, you too can shout at 4 friends about who let the core overheat and destroy the ship.Absolutely haram. 10/10."
76561198018417125,Recommended,252870,23663945,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Doot Doot,Great game to play with friends - singleplayer AI needs a lot of work still.
76561198037345461,Recommended,252870,25096164,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MadhatterDan,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!
,Recommended,252870,25154783,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,DC| TehAgent,"5 Players team up to pilot a starship to adventure. What can go wrong?This can be an extremely fun game to play if you get a good dynamic crew. Captain matters most. Thus far I have only been Pilot and Captain, but I got us into some serious adventures as Captain. Ive been under the command of other Captains that were kind of dry and not so exciting - you need a Captain willing to do some crazy sh.You will also need to really learn your roles. Captain is a decision maker and really only needs knowledge of how to pilot and man a gun. But if youre Science Officer or Engineer, you need to know what youre doing. A good Science Officer and Enginneer are crucial to getting you OUT of situations the Captain gets you in to.This game seems very deep and involved after you start learning it. Its pretty much everything No Mans Sky should have been. This game is one of the most promising and exciting EA titles Ive ever played.There are a few cons though. The graphics look like something from 2000, which is fine - but with a graphical overhaul, this game woiuld be utterly amazing. The space graphics are fine - its the the FPS environments that are old-school. The gameplay more than makles up for this though.Recommended? Absolutely.One of my first real adventures found me as a new Captain. Our Weapons Officer had a lot of experience and was somehow assigned to our ship, crewed by newbies. We encountered a very tough and very well armed friendly ship. The weapons officer spied something he wanted - that ship's cannon.Well, we cant fight this ship, because it has a cannon that can obliterate us in short order in direct combat.However, we formulated a plan to take the ship..Two of us had to beam over after we hit it with our main cannon one time, just enough to drop its shields. The pilot had to keep us under it so it cant hit us with that dreaded cannon. We hit it hard, beamed over, and got intp a firefight with its crew. Our Engineer got to their Engineering deck single handedly while I held the remaining crewman at bay in the teleport room, and shut the ship down. The rest of our crew beamed over and helped us slay the remaining crewmen.The ship was now ours.I claimed our new pride and joy amid cheering of our ragtag crew.Then the news came from Weapons Officer Barbosa:We were now marked as Pirates."
76561197988089487,Recommended,252870,25220958,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,§k.200mg,"This is a great game.  Yes, the graphics are lacking, but it more than makes up for that with gameplay that is engaging and incredibly fun.  I read a couple negative reviews that cited performance issues.  I am running an i5 3870k / GTX970 / 16GB DDR3, and the game runs flawlessly.This game has the potential to be a classic, I highly recommend it!!"
76561197986679341,Recommended,252870,30297014,Posted: 3 March,all,Santitan,Great game with a huge potential! If you like to watch a basic tutorial (what the game is missing):Deutsch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVzmJ_olluwEnglish:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it7gWDlmWYw
76561198042370821,Recommended,252870,26174451,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,[420] UnicornsRock,"Gank a Grim Cutlass and upgrade it as you mame every target in space. Traveling across the Galaxy, killing indiscriminately!=====[ Update ]=====And this is better accomplished with the following:1) Block Long Range Communication - This blocks the prey from calling home back to their faction so you don't take a standing hit for attacking and killing targets.2) Siphon Credits - You take their money, if they have any.3) Lock weapons and fire - Only until their QT Shields are down, then you can board, kill the crew. If your ship has an extractor that is extract their parts or just claim ownership. Otherwise if you're in a Destroyer and/or you don't have an extractor, pop the ship and scoop the loot. The Engineering role has a perk which increases the chances of successfully extracting ship parts.https://youtu.be/nkCd5hn3yrIRenegade for Life!"
,Recommended,252870,25866894,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[PG] Autistic Space Dodo,"There are only a few early acces games that actually function and get updated once in a while, but this game already ready to play AND THEY'RE STILL UPDATING IT!(10000x better than No Man's Sky)"
,Recommended,252870,23333717,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Hunter,Amazing game with amazing potential. Graphics give you that fun not to serious feel. Gameplay is extremly fun and if you have friends it makes it even better. If you don\'t have friends it\'s an extremely promising community. With the multiple classes you can\'t ever get tired of the game. Differen\'t ships are another plus.Pros and Cons list.Pros- Different Roles- Non Repetitive Gameplay- Common Updates and Patches- Great Community- Fun not to serious graphics- Quest\'s and Missions- Planets to visit- Warping through space (Yes this is an awesome feature)- Little to no lagCons- General Bugs and Sound Errors- No PvP Just COOP- Not a vast choice of player held weapons.If they keep updating this game and adding new things. This game will be my favorite game of all time. Without a doubt.
,Recommended,252870,18628569,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TeaReks,3d multiplayer FTL only better.
76561198015784653,Recommended,252870,18591957,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Smeee,"I cant say enough great things about this game.  The developers are true gamers, they seemed to add in everything you could of ever wanted to a co-op space sim. It is still early but the game shows a huge amount of promise.  Dont go in expecting next generation graphics like ARK or flawless AI, go in looking for something orginal and well thought out.Pros:Unique play style.  Nothing really like this out thereEveryone has a job to do.It really is epic.  They have a cool piloting mode that lets you fly the ship with wasd and the mouse. You just have to experience it.Quest...check.  Huge random open world...check.   RPG elements...check.  Random encouters...check.  Ship to ship combat...check.  Board enemy ships or get boarded...check.  Beam down to planets...check.  Fly in wrecked stations for loot...check.Cons:AI helpers are ok at best.  They pilot like crap and barely do anything more than take fire when you are boarded.  The developers are working on that.Character graphics are just plain bad.  Doesn't really bother me but some people might have a problem.  It is about game play and it is in beta.You need friends.  Get on reddit or look at forums plenty of people out there who want to fly if you dont have any buds.Wood panels on the floors in spaceships.  Dont know how I feel about that.Final thoughts:Pulsar brings a lot to the table and in a very early version is more than playable for many many hours.  If the big boys like Elite, SC or STO every figured out how to implement this level of co-op into thier games we would have a tough time figuring out what to play.  This is what STO should of been and what Elite and SC could have to make them true winners."
,Recommended,252870,32378153,Posted: 12 June,all,abrantes09,Love this game so much. Played it with friends and we didn't stop playing.  The idea of being in open space and having missions is like a Star Trek (huge fan of that show) dream come true!!!!  Top suggested!
,Recommended,252870,29926403,Posted: 14 February,all,Dknighter,The game was already incredible... then they added VR!!!!
,Recommended,252870,31600041,Posted: 7 May,all,WolfyStar,Really Really Really good game. If you want to be James T. Kirk from star trek and sit in a captains chair you can. If you want to be Mr Sulu and fly the ship you can. Or if you want to be the engineering you can be too.Pros:- Its like No Man's sky but star trek version- You have pew pew guns- You can troll i guess?Cons:- Bad Optimisation- Voice chat is pretty badOveral:But this if you love star trek
,Recommended,252870,29215353,Posted: 12 January,all,$hit at ow,10/10 better starsim than spacetrek
,Recommended,252870,33810917,Posted: 26 July,all,Wolf619,"Very Cool Game! Fun to play but takes time to learn, its more complicated than it seems at first but once you get the ship flyng and start learning the roles its quite fun.I've been having problems with my mic not working in this game for some reason, I dont know if its a glitch or what but I cant hear in game voice, which kind of sucks because some people only want to play this game voice.It's great with a mic though, especially for the captain as he can issue orders a lot quicker by voice than textso far I've explored 14% of the games total content and they keep adding more, there is lots to do!I just hope they keep building on it because its already a cool game but it might become something extra.I love playing as pilot, here's how i like a game to be played basically.Pilot:orders captainCaptain: Set a course for 1811pilot: affirmative, setting course..pilot: Course set, sircaptain: engineer, prepare to jump to hyperspaceengineer: aye cap'n she's ready to jump on your commandcaptain:Make it so.lolif you are interested in this kind of fun with your friends, role playing as star trek, then this game is for you.by role playing i mean playing the role of star trek characters not like RPG role playing, although the game does offer a leveling system so technically it's an RPG of sorts but thats not really the main focus of the game."
,Recommended,252870,21789429,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Hal,"This game is incredibly addictive and entertaining, I easily dropped 3 hours into my first playthrough when all I wanted to do is hop on and see what it was about."
,Recommended,252870,24555998,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,morjax,"An excellent space simulator! I've heard this is in the same vein as Artemis Bridge Simulator.I joined on with a number of friends as the engineer. After about 30-60 minutes, I'd gotten the basics down well enough. It seems that each player has enough to do that all are busy, especially during combat.I absolutely love the tension as you warp into a new sector, with potentially hostile ships - everyone is holding their breath, waiting for the scan to come back with their fingers ready at their battlestations. Exquisite!So far I have only played in a pre-assembled group, so I do not have experience with how jumping into a public game goes. I will say that being in a group with voice chat amplifies the experience greatly. There's something magical about hearing ""Weapons are down! Give me weapons!"" or ""Refill my shield charges ASAP; we're getting hammered!"" in the heat of battle. A really fantastically crafted experience.The game provides a really engaging opportunity to run not only your own ship, but various kinds of ships. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone looking to have a crack at running their own spaceship!For those who'd like to see how the game actually plays, feel free to scope out our misadventures here on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMZD1JcBH-MIqSwPt6sZztMEjUFf7VdwZor here on steam:http://steamcommunity.com/id/morjax/videos/?appid=252870"
76561198072988356,Recommended,252870,20692856,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Catnapper,"As it stands, PULSAR: Lost Colony is everything you'd expect it to be, but bigger in a few places and smaller in many, many others. With a year or two of work on adding more depth to the game, I'd say it's a must-buy. As it stands, it's got all the quality of a game a fifth it's size, and can't fill the entire shoes."
,Recommended,252870,20704163,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[JC]FishPound,This game is highly addictive. Requires a decent team with communication to be any fun. The distinct player roles are a pretty unique form of co-op. This really is the Star Trek: Bridge Commander that should have been. I can't wait to see this game expanded upon. There currently doesn't seem to be any modding capabilities but I'm hoping that will change.
,Recommended,252870,27333494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dirt Mahoney,Great game to play with friends or alone if you want. Developers are still active and are working on expanding the game. Good fun in a massive coop space game.8/10 - does better than No Mans Sky
,Recommended,252870,32747796,Posted: 24 June,all,CaptnBarbosa,"I've got about 32 hours on this game and I love its direction. If you are a Star Trek Fan or like Naval / Space combat, go for this game.  Definitely get it if you are a Trek fan because the dialogue and discipline the show has works here.  The graphics are very dated and rough but the gameplay is where this game will shine. It's only a matter of time before a budget gets dropped on this studio and everything will come to fruition as an excellent game."
,Recommended,252870,33603589,Posted: 17 July,all,Lovecraftian,A really good multiplayer starship-crew simulator.
,Recommended,252870,28319941,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Snakbar,Multiplayer FTL.  It's purdy gud.
76561198012183378,Recommended,252870,20799349,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SquirrelyLemming,"Omg How do i explain this game ,properlly well i dont know if i can. The potential is just WOW imagine FTL ,Fire Fly ,Star Trek,Space Engineers and maybe Planet Side all went to a party and said lets make a game.(I only played Weapon specialist )logged on tried  solo play (Private) tried to get a jist for the game added bots as other roles  (i was Captain),out of warp we came,PewPewpewpew ...boom,I was now an expirenced captain(not at all)The true adventure had begun as i connected to some random Noob/any one welcome server and met my new crew one of which had knowledge and shared basics on our roles and what to do in certain Emergency Situations,I took None in point me too a red Box please BEEEEP..... hes hostile sir ,er um FIRE and so i did  shields where low  half ish health ,They started diverting power and stuff,we made it but barely some crew left some crew stayed  as we repaired up, a new Guy  piloting crashed around and muddled in engineering before a witty officer suggest to kick the little devil and so a vote was tossed and into the vacum of space i assume he went.time went by planets where scaned and  missions where planned . Then a number rang in my head $40000 for some pistol the crew had been raving about money,money where can i ahem check that (bottom right )ah i was tabbed and and the bottom was covered by my start menu due to how i usually move my games, some Real immersion was setting in so i change to full screen (No more Music I was In)more battles took place as a Bond formed, we where a brother hood -Cept for that Little Devil who ejected our coolant,kept raming the repair staion,tossed our fuel And Manipulated Flow charts on MY Acuracy in the heat of battle.No i take that back He to is a brotherHow do i Say Thank You . This is a game you could role play the %^&* out of !"
,Recommended,252870,27388547,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Antilar,"Pulsar is basically a Star Trek simulator: There are different positions on the ship and each player takes on one of the roles.Technically, you can play it alone just with bots (especially after the AI update), but I recommend you get at least one or two other players to play with you, because it's a lot more fun and sometimes easier."
,Recommended,252870,19476197,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Redempter,Great game!
76561198305384291,Recommended,252870,32004747,Posted: 27 May,all,STYXGAMER,"Do I reccomend? Absolutely. This has all the things I wanted in NMS and more!! (But, let's not talk about that)The game has great Multiplayer, but it might be hard to find a good crew. I reccomend getting your friends to join.The Galaxy is a big place. Full of fun things to do. You could roleplay, or just goof off.The combat usually has me on edge. It's a fight for survival!!You are sometimes forced to have your ship searched... Better hide my dank memes.Different Factions to join. (I usually go with the C.U.)Land Vehicles? No, but don't let that turn you off.The ships are cool. And there's a variety of different ones to use. They're explorable, so sometimes when I'm not doing anything I'll be walking around.One of my favorite things is the lounge. There's a window in the lounge on the ship we use a lot, so when we're going through hyperspace we can see outside.I've never played Captain, but I love to play Engineer and Scientist.Did I already not mention the different crew? You have The Captain, The Pilot, The Weapons Specialist, The Engineer, and the Scientist. Each of these crew has specific jobs that allow you to progress further.But, a lot of people's tastes are different than others. I like the exploration and all that while some people would rather play different games like CoD.Overall I'd say this is an awesome game. I can't wait for the full release!!!"
76561198055019290,Recommended,252870,21721835,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JaxTheOP,"This game is like weed. When you smoke it, you get as high as a spaceship.420/420 would smoke again(for real though, on its current path, it has the potential to be the best game. if your on the edge on whether you should buy it, just do it. The only reason you should not get this game is if you hate fps's, rpg's, space, being high, people, and/or happiness)"
,Recommended,252870,21309665,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,★ Astro  ★,Super fun game to play with friends.
76561198066117282,Recommended,252870,31265307,Posted: 20 April,all,marcusb1976,"Developers, it would be great if you would have Npcs or an AI system help you run the ship when you are waiting for other online players to join in.""a cool fun game thats takes time to learn.""""Very Awesome""""In the state this game is in, I give it an 7.7/10"""
,Recommended,252870,32006894,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr.smith017,"Love this game, super f#cking nerdy. but i play mostly by myself i hate the bots, started naming them even. one was Lydia the pilot goes every where but where she needs to go, left me on a ship and went 250 kilometers in another direction i wonder why the ship hadnt been destroyed and i have confersations with her like why ths f#ck arnt you lined up GIVE ME THE WHEEL!!! OOO still not at ease okay . Then there is Sarah which is my science officer and my ship always gets flagged because she didnt run a program, but hell she follows me a round, heals me, and makes me smile because there is someone always around. when in life, people are trolls and hit the switches to turn off your power, or jump on a gun and shoot at some one you didnt want to shoot at.  Then there is my gunner and i named it brandon but catch is she is a chick. i love her with that 100 percent accuracy, man she never misses... just doesnt fire... i will be flying the space ship in circles waiting for her to fire.... ooo my bad forgot to set a target. then there is.... dunce and i named him that because he his that guy you wanna throw infront of a moving train.... now dont get me wrong this game has SO MANY OPTIONS when it comes to the bots, the hard part is understanding the.... ># coolent.... dont really understand that is it when the reactor overheats or is it when we have less then this much dont use. alittle my cerification would be nice like "" reactor heats up to #% put (low, high) amounts of coolent on"" but back to dunce i space him all the time (drop him) because i like to keep my reactor ... alittle warm... just a little .... with large amounts of coolent beening dropped in it its kinda like gas to me now i need it more then i need fuel cells. but when i mess with sh*t he waits for my to leave or about 10 seconds and changes it back to its limits... and i know my ship has potential and he is alittle sh#t!!! when it comes to ruining my fun. like a battle well go something like this....Lydia... Lydia why is the ship not firing, (shields are down) GIMME THE WHEEL, WTF TURNING IS ... its not turning ... why is it not turning.... Dunce!!! (running over to his station) all my ♥♥♥♥♥ turned WAAAAAY DOWN.... so what you are tell me it .... i have been blasting coolent .... for nooo reason god dam it SPACED!!! Lydia... where are you going there is a battle going on and your going somewhere i cant really tell.. ooo the guns just went off good job brandon... lydia..why are we going towards that rock... o god!!!.... spaced!!! take the wheel. down to about 50% hull left... no big deal... i got this.... okay i dont (added lydia).... dont do anything .... sarah .... dam it (Dunce added ).... ok board that ship!!! Sweet!!! I am runin runin runin life support off line (f@ck forgot my suit i will just sufitcate) runin runin runin!!! weapons off line, runin runin runin flip all the switches because i know thats annoying in the reactor room... runin runin runin kill the pilot, fly the ship full speed in to a wall!!!!! YAAAAAAAA!!!!! wait my 15 seconds for respond ... watching some bot stare at a wall and boom i am in!!!!!!! wait.... -1 rep for attacking, -2 rep for destroying.... FML i am flagged again and i got 200kr in my name... this is gonna be funI love this game i wish i had more pc friends to play it with me. when you start playing its like running a marthon with no training. it would be nice for maybe some guidence looking for some one and you searched a station cant find them, audio would be alot of things. my house gets to quite when i play this, ooo ya 1439 teleporter doesnt work so i find a spike ball and kill my self to get back on ship. more smaller ship battles, i became a bounty hunter way to early  so i couldnt battle alot of those ships, and i cant go into some of those areas just for kicks. once you been to most of the places its hard to retrace your steps looking for jobs. and when you have -7 for W.D. there isnt like some one you can pay off to regain your rep with them and alot of people when you get to a certain point the game does get boring, the only challanges i have are the (!), beside the grim.... he was fun. oo ya 775... that was a nice touch. i have trouble finding parts i want at this point in the gaming, like reactor mostly i got to lvl 3 quite cupcake and been looking for 4 for a while just like i did with 3... and 2.I love this game... i need some sunlight I cant wait to see what else you guys do to this game"
,Recommended,252870,20139045,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SpeedRacer,"fun game, but it feels like you are underwater not in space."
76561198047653239,Recommended,252870,25313790,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RNGesus,first time on a planet and got eaten by a giant sandworm.10/10 would get eaten again
,Recommended,252870,26164783,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Commander Panda,goes alright
,Recommended,252870,18153088,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cyphersphere,"Very cool little game. You gotta have a crew to really play in it's current state, but pickup groups are regular on the public Teamspeak server. This game resembles a basic feature set of what Star Citizen intends to be."
,Recommended,252870,25674992,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pingster,"A really fun game, but you got to ensure that you are able to communicate with your crew mates, it makes the game so, so much better."
,Recommended,252870,28812404,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Grebnedlog,"This game has no right being as fun as it is. It's proof of what you can create when you focus on gameplay. The depth of the various mechanics stuns me and my friends at every turn.She may not be pretty, but she does what you want. Which is: have fun!"
,Recommended,252870,28321820,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Quickhand413,"This game is like good No Man's Sky with good teamwork. There are a few shortcomings (Planets aren't that big, repetitive missions, being called for a cargo check only to be blown up on arrival), but the game shows its strongest points when all five members of the crew really work together. One thing I would like to see added is the ability to see what roles are taken before you enter a multiplayer game. 9/10"
,Recommended,252870,18886077,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Moroccan Spice,"One of the best games I have ever played, if your are looking to have a laugh with your mates, to have a challenge, to explore solar systems and planets then this is the game for you!!!Highly recommended-Some frame rate issues but otherwise an epic game."
76561198055882035,Recommended,252870,22544132,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,AppleDeath,Awesome game. Definitely would reccomend.
76561198254200988,Recommended,252870,28327573,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Meep,Wow this game is amazing I would give it a 10/10 and it is still in early access so I can't wait to see what is coming next!But once they added new updates my computer wen't from being able to play it to super low frames and lag all the time so I have the game in my inventory can't return it and now I can't even play it untill I buy a high end gaming PC.
,Recommended,252870,31595749,Posted: 6 May,all,Shammer123,"I really like this game. With the right group of people, you can accomplish some great things. we successfully jacked a ship and it was wonderful! i hope they add bigger ships in the future and a bigger crew!"
76561198039856731,Recommended,252870,31607433,Posted: 7 May,all,SmeggyEggyDip,gud
,Recommended,252870,25119426,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MichiRecRoom,"This is the adventure of the U.S.S. Bleh. You are a scientist, tasked with scanning♥♥♥♥♥♥and keeping your crew healthy.You may have noticed the lack of sense when it comes to your crewmates. This is normal and is part of procedure.>Rub your sexy exosuit up against the captain who's just sitting there>He turns around and goes ""WTF"">Lights promptly go out and we're both sprayed with large quantities of fire extinguisher stuff>Sit on regular turret because I can't go on the big man turret>30 minutes of shooting a disabled ship, it's down to half health>Friend grabs the big man turret and shoots, taking down its remaining health>Teleport to abandoned ship>Want to teleport back because acidic, tele is blocked>♥♥♥♥ it. Teleport back anyways.GREAT GAME 10/3.1459268"
,Recommended,252870,25123870,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Karl Marx ☭,"No mans sky, but good, mixed with a little star trek"
,Recommended,252870,29240589,Posted: 13 January,all,KnowledgeMan,This game combines the elements of teamwork and trolling to create the ultimate meme simulator.Here's the formula for finding the Lost Colony in the most efficent way:(N + T) x (M - N) = Sector where the lost colony is.N = Number of FriendsT = TrollingnessM = Memes
,Recommended,252870,27554061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pieface,"If you like FTL, Starbound or any space game but wanted a more team based game this is for you. PULSAR mixes team tactics with open world exploration. While it is in early beta the devs are hard at work improving this game that stands out as it is. The community is also amazing in the time I have played I have encounterd one troll, you don't need a group of freinds to play this (although that would be great) because everyone is welcoming and suportive of new players unlike some gamesI would give this game 7.5 power removed from o2 out of 10 units to fuel the thrusters."
76561198109780269,Recommended,252870,33040667,Posted: 30 June,all,zans,Just get this gamejust do iti once played it for 23 hours straight and in 5 days a friend that i gave the game to played it for 56 hrs
,Recommended,252870,27227043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Possessedrabbit7,Great fun until whoevers playing engineer learns they can turn off shields
76561198063192427,Recommended,252870,26638436,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ren_nachos,community is super nice!
,Recommended,252870,26710974,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GTWgames,runs well on my very old and S*** computer
76561198034962524,Recommended,252870,28969134,Posted: 3 January,all,NeoXenocide,"This game is shaping up, due to constant attention and work of a very small but dedicated dev team to be a truly classic game. I'm utterly addicted."
,Recommended,252870,24301718,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Schatten,10/10 would die in space again_______                   _______/-----------\               / ________\`````~~~~~~~`~~`~``~```````~~~\-----------/              /  /\  \ --------/  /\ _______/
,Recommended,252870,33421104,Posted: 9 July,all,Spook Boss,Star Trek Simulator
76561198315117448,Recommended,252870,33242986,Posted: 4 July,all,Leapinglizard101,LOVE IT!
76561198015784036,Recommended,252870,18181448,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Dacryphilia,I like it.Wanted it for years.Not complex enough.
,Recommended,252870,28153497,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Marinus,"First time join game,> as gunner, get my baptism of fire shortly after few warp> captain's friend join, man the gun, I became pilot> doing crazy manuever> they rammed our ship, need to gtfo> repair> fight!!> team boards some ships> fights again, core overheats, ships become slow and sluggish, flame out at one time> large amount of credit collected> too bad, 4AM already, need to sleep10/10 like it"
,Recommended,252870,33527031,Posted: 13 July,all,Poot,"You can get drunk.Isn't that what every game needs?But seriously, this game is amazing. You can really do whatever you want, you can be a space pirate, you can do a bunch of missions, or just see how far you can get while being constantly drunk. Only problem i have is the lack of different missions, and at times it can get a little boring. But hey, its early access, so there will definitely be more content."
76561198060465917,Not Recommended,252870,30649219,Posted: 21 March,all,jolke30,"I can understand where some of the frustration of the VR haters comes from. I don't fully agree with it, But i understand it. I can understand you putting VR into the game to make it more atractive and thus increasing your sales. Solid tactic. Nothing wrong with that. What i do have a problem with is that the game's biggest flaw at the moment, The lack of content, Is not beeing adressed at all. A couple of new planets and 1 ship in over 1.5 years of development is just not enough. That is a valid point of critique on the developers's end. To add on top of that the AI system STILL does not function. It's basically impossible to play this game single player because in order to run an effective ship, You need to punch in fuel cells manually in order to reload shields, programs etc. This would have been no problem if you could just assign your damm egineering bot to do that for you, allas, That STILL does not work. I know the focus is on multiplayer, But beeing able to play single player every now and again might be fun,. Conclusion is, It's not the fact that VR is beeing put in the game that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people of. It's the fact that a lot of promisses are beeing broken in order to focus more on VR desgin. It's another pre alpha game where the developers break there prommise over and over and over. This game might be some day enjoyable, If it get's a massive injection of new content. For now, Don't buy it. Or at least wait till it's on sale"
,Recommended,252870,28996215,Posted: 3 January,all,ᵋᵋ CoTTon^SchwaB #WASHEDUP ;,"alot of fungame seems super confusing at first but after an hour or two you understand itfly ships and choose a class to help the ship, theres like 5had some really fun times so farid say get it"
76561198085860316,Not Recommended,252870,32874242,Posted: 27 June,all,Vsauce Michael,"Got it and played it with two other friends, found it to be pretty boring. It was fun for a little while, figuring everything out. Then it just got tedious and tiresome, especially with the jump times. It can take two minutes to travel between sectors. A lot of potential, but not enough variety of content to make it fun for more than two hours at most."
,Recommended,252870,18188263,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Stoned Hippy,"Ever watch Star Trek and say ""I'd like to be one of the members on that ship""?Well, this game will allow you the opportunity to do just that!!!I have played thousands of games in my lifetime and I honestly can't say that I've enjoyed a game as much as this one in MANY years. I know the graphics look quite dated and it is true. This is not a game where you can expect to have everything glorified like you see in most new games out on the market.In a typical game you can start off pretty nice and relaxing at the controls and after a quick jump through space, your entire crew including yourself is thrown into a panic to man the guns and adjust power throughout the ship in order to ensure its survival.If you are a fan of star trek or have ever wanted to be part of that crew, do yourself a favor and get this game!!!If you enjoy coop games where everyone on the crew has a specific job to take care of, get this game.Cons to this game:-dated graphics,-Some games will have too many chiefs and not enough indians which makes gameplay really not enjoyable.All in all, find yourself a decent group of friends who are willing to teach you your job and let you at the controls no matter how often you may fail. This game is seriously under rated!!!!"
76561198018188964,Recommended,252870,18065240,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Fat Stanly,"We beamed down to a planet in search of a lost research team doing science on a planet. Found research team in a pile of bodies surrounded by ferocious ant like creatures. Proceded to kill all life forms and steal research in the betterment of the ship. Pulsar Lost Colony? more like Be Invading Alien Simulator.Honestly though, if you want probably the best coop, mult-crew experience on the market right now, find four others and prepare for a experience thats truly unique."
76561198008959790,Recommended,252870,18093998,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,mboushka,Excellent co-op game and great space exploration game.
76561198072212983,Recommended,252870,21219698,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,King ZOJAN Jensen,"……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯|………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: ||……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :(_ o__): : |: : : :|:(_o__): \..|……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„_____|……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ;: ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'………….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :: : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: :: |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : :-------~: : : : : |You've been visited by the propane god, I tell you hwat. Copy and paste this to 5 of your friend's profiles, or Hank Hill will bring the pro-pain"
76561198046741426,Recommended,252870,23575327,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Oba,"Forget traditional space 4x's, forget your Elite & Star Citizen, this game gives you the real sci-fi (star trek) experience. This is the game STO wishes it was. If you love sci-fi shows, you're going to love this. break out your mic and make sure nobody non-nerdy is listening and you'll have a blast. The game is missing some mid to high level content, and the universe feels a bit sparse and repetitive, but these are all normal things to be expected from a game that's allowed early access. It's a ton of fun now, and looks to be perhaps one of the most solid sci-fi experiences of all time with a little bit of future content."
76561197982765231,Recommended,252870,19943036,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"You can never have enough buttons, switches and doodads. Don't accidentlly eject the ships power core thinking it was the  refuse chamber."
76561198120554924,Recommended,252870,19703611,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,BlitzPuffin,Basically multiplayer Faster then light
,Recommended,252870,18659844,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,KT,"The game experience has been improved a lot now with the addition of voice chat. If you are a fan of the Stark Trek TV Series, this game is a must have for all those awesome and crazy moments. I can only highly recommend the Multiplayer now because the bots still lack common sense orders (priorities can get mixed up)."
,Not Recommended,252870,32726843,Posted: 24 June,all,Foxx ♠,"Bought Pulsar to play in VR, VR is utterly broken. Do not advertise the support if you don't have it! I will change my review in a positive one when this is fixed."
,Recommended,252870,26280436,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Gilded Nifkin,"This game is amazing considering there are only two devs right now. I would highly recomend this game its tons of fun, working with your crew mates you have to navigate through the galaxy avoiding or seeking conflict. You can smuggle, you can be pirates, you can be a destroyer, or even just a friendly explorer. The gameplay is highly enhanced when you play with friends, though the servers are always a great place to meet new people and expand your knowledge base of the game. It takes some getting used to, but I have a feeling that this already amazing game is only going to get better."
,Recommended,252870,18804907,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Candeles,"This is the best early access game I have ever played. The animations need work, but the gameplay is superb.Update:I stopped playing this a long time ago. The variation of environment was just not there. I like so much about the game, but in one night you run completely out of things to do. It's a real shame, I hope it is better by now, but I don't play it anymore."
,Recommended,252870,24986880,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Stalin,">""Name your ship"">U.S.S. Harambe>These are the stories of the starship Harambe.>The Harambe successfully destroys dozens of ships before being betrayed by an ally ship.>Traitor plants shield disabling virus into our computers.>Hull at 15%>Abandon ship>Looks for escape pods>The devs haven't added them into the Beta yet.>WellShit.jpg>The crew dies bravely, just like Harambe did.>Avenges Harambe's death10/10 would avenge Harambe again."
,Recommended,252870,30458560,Posted: 11 March,all,Fishypwn,"This will give you a decent while of gameplay your first few runs, but then starts getting repetative. Since this a Early access game, I will let it slide and hope that the game becomes more random with the missions."
,Recommended,252870,24218366,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cyotey,"PULSAR: Lost Colony even in early access is already a great investment and feels pretty complete despite some bugs. This is the first time I've ever said that about an early access game and hopefully it won't be the last. There is absolutely no story so I won't be covering that.GameplayIn a nutshell, imagine what you would do aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise. For those who don't know the ship specifically, imagine what is done onboard  the famous spaceship in Star Trek. You have 5 classes; each with their own upgrades that contribute to other crew members and the ship itself. Captain, scientist, pilot, engineer and gunner. I'll list these off individually to make it easier to take in.CaptainThe captain chooses what to do, where to go and what to buy. He or she is also the one who gives you a limit on what you can spend as the money you receive goes towards everyone.ScientistThe scientist is responsible for buffing and debuffing ships and scanning for enemies and mines both on the ship and on foot. He can also decide whether to sacrifice shields for a more stealthy approach or keep the shields strong. He's basically the 'support' class of the crew.PilotThe pilot is self explanatory. They're responsible for maneuvering the ship to align with the current and future destinations and help to either engage or retreat from enemy ships.EngineerThe engineer is probably the most hectic job of all. As the engineer you're responsible for warp ignition and preparation, keeping the core cool, making sure that the right systems are on and the wrong ones off, repairing damaged systems, turning the shields off and on for ship repairs and making sure to send fuel cores up so that the scientist can continue to use his/her buffs and debuffs to keep the ship from exploding.GunnerThe gunner is the most simple job. Your job is to be ready to shoot at hostiles when given the order or when you've received fire.While some jobs are more complicated than others, every crew member is valuable and that is what I love about this game. If you're only interested in singleplayer then this is not the game for you. The A.I. isn't too bright and will end up getting you killed.Graphics and SoundBoth the graphics and the sound are pretty outdated but once you play you definitely won't care. It's a very innovative and interactive game. The pictures on the store page shows you exactly how it will look.I absolutely recommend this game without a doubt. The community is very friendly and helpful and the adventure no matter if you're starting a new game or helping someone with theirs is always different. I think that the $25 price for an early access game is a bit steep but still worth every penny. If this game is developed further and goes out of early access I have no doubt in my mind that it could end up as one of the greatest and most memorable games ever made. That is how fun this is and how confident I am about it with the direction it's in. This game doesn't require a mic to play but it is strongly recommended as constant communication is key to staying alive in the heat of battle."
76561197996048506,Recommended,252870,20587827,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jstrug,"If you ever wanted a game that simulates the experience of a Star Trek bridge look no further. There are space battles, there is boarding, there are away missions, and it is all very fun and addicting; especially if you happen to join a good crew.For those worried about early access: the game is very stable, in 27 hours the only hiccup I've had is one disconnect. There are latency issues to be expected if you are in Europe and connecting to a game on the US west coast, but game breaking bugs are almost entirely non-existent. The game's core elements are completely in place and it does not leave you feeling like major aspects of the game are missing.There is not currently a very high amount of content in the game. After a few planets and a few battles you will definitely get the sense that you have ""Been there, done that"",  but the rogue-like elements and the ever increasing difficulty of the enemies as your journey goes on will keep you wanting to see what's at the end of your next jump, or whats for sale at the shop over in sector 1751. There are currently a few missions available in the game from NPC's that can give your adventures a sense of purpose, but there is no real story as of the time of this review.The price is definitely the biggest drawback to this game. In its current state it feels like something that would fit the $10-$15 price range. That being said: having made the $25 commitment, I have no regrets. If you are an impatient gamer who wants non-stop action this game is probably not for you. It is intense action followed by periods of discussing plans, or debating which piece of gear to buy next, etc... If you are easily bored this may be a problem.And if you find yourself on a desert world, don't listen to the guy who tells you to follow him out into the sands away from the rest of the crew."
,Recommended,252870,20647865,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[UA]Viper,"Wicked game, so much potential."
,Recommended,252870,20705869,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Panda,A must have game if you like exploration games or space! It's a really good game to have fun and mess around with your friends! It's worth every penny!
,Recommended,252870,20719887,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Conner,"Be sure you play with people who have mics, or people who communicate a lot. Very fun game."
76561197981904472,Recommended,252870,20869531,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RYYX,"I tried this game tonight, and had to force my bloodshot eyes to turn away after nearly 6 hours of non stop adventure.  This game is a breath of fresh air, this game is exactly what the space Genre needs.  This game has the foundation of possibly the most accessable, but also DEEP space sim games I have played in decades.I am not going to lie, the game is a bit rough around the edges, the AI, the clunky animations, the tired generic models.  But even this sort of adds to the charm, it gives it a retro quality, and the simplicity of the interfaces make it instantly accessable!At first the ugly nature of the graphics can be unsettling. However it all comes together in just the right way so that your imagination, and your interaction with your friends and the universe around you fills in the gaps, and smoothes the edges.  The game strikes the perfect balance of creating a sandbox with stuff to do, but letting your imagination fill in the gaps.We picked a stealthy ship.  Thinking - hey, were newb, lets avoid trouble, and attack only when we have the advantage!  It took us a half hour or so to figure out the controls well enough to go to warp and not blow ourselves up.On the first planet we discovered, We had to wear our space suits to walk around as it was a hot lava planet.  We ran a surface scan, and found 11 life forms.  It took a while but when we found them, it was funny as can be, we had no idea of the aliens would be friendly, or what.  I stood their, pointing my gun at them, asking my engineer for his advice, backing away as these lava slimes appraoched.  they didn't shoot or hurt lava or anything, so I decided to stand my ground.A split second later I was in agony, my health below 40%!  These aren't friendly aliens at all!  Open fire!My engineer dutifully helped me slay all 11 of them, and we went on to explore the rest of the planet and got a few bits of loot for our trouble, including a nice new shield generator.In another instance we spawned in and were attacked by an enemy ship, not an easy little drone like we had gotten used to so far, but a full power ship.  Thinking it would be a pushover, we engaged, the jolly roger unfurled!   Within seconds we learned (the hard way) how important the science officers role could be, as our upgraded and powerful shields vanished in the first volley!  We needed to modulate the shields and hit em with programs!Our ship was on fire!  And so my engineer friend dropped what he was doing and put out the fires. While I modulated the shields and tried to figure out what programs would help.  Whatever I Was doing it helped, the enemy's shots stopped destroying our shields, and our shots started penetrating.The battle was white knuckle, with our systems overheating and exhausted, we lost main engine power, and sat toe to toe trading blows.  When it was over, we won by the skin of our teeth, our ship was below 20% hull, almost no armor left... Our ship was full of holes, and we limped to Sector Zero (the main outpost space station with NPC's you can talk to, to get repairs.It took me a minute to figure out how to drop the shields to get repaired, but it was nice to be fully repaired and ready to go.  Plus we had some missions to do next time we play!If you have even the slightest bit of love for the captains chair, science officers station, running the guts of a starship, piloting it, or working the guns,  you owe it to yourself to at least give this game a try.  Return it if you don't like it!I simply cannot believe that this game isn't being watched as closely as it should be.Tonight, I jumped in with a friend, he chose engineer, and I of course had to be captain.From the first moments to the last moments, we were laughing, arguing, cursing, sweating, and cheering.I didn't even mind the lack of a tutorial, figuring out the ship and controls wasn't too steep of a learning curve, indeed, learning to properly configure the AI was the hardest part, and if you play with real people you won't have that issue as much.I would say this game loses a lot of it's charm if you try to play it solo.  I would say play it with 2 people at a minimum the first time you try it, and one should be captain, and one should be pilot.  The captain should run all the stations, while the pilot pilots.  The captain can functionally operate every station, just not as well.  But it's enough that you can have fun and get things done.With a full group, cooperating and having a good attitude, the game is a total utter gem.I can't wait to see the finished product with all the features complete and a universe full of sandbox content to explore...TRY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,252870,22593401,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Xepi,"Very fun game to play with friends! Everyone has their unique role and has to fulfill their function to have a overall functional ship. Can be intense at times when attacked, when some electronics catch fire and you have to recharge the shield and extinguish the fire!I recomment everyone to gather 5 friends and play this game ;)"
,Recommended,252870,23119658,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AB DAD vs DAB DAD,Like eve but on crack. No instructions have been givenI go planet to planet in search of science.Sometimes people die. Sometimes they dont.Told my engineer to let us all die in order to verify random people do their jobs and others. Has turned out great.
76561198008117712,Not Recommended,252870,33435287,Posted: 10 July,all,ComePlayDie,"I didn't enjoy this game.. found it to clunky and cheap looking, I didnt like the loco and its also not fun in singleplayer so play with friends if your going to buy it.Maybe I will repurchase in a future update once its been polished some more and out of EA but i got a refund this time.Wish the dev goodluck though"
76561197963489560,Recommended,252870,35187823,Posted: 24 September,all,Johnny Poopsock,I've had a *riduculous* amount of fun playing this with friends and family.This game is basically what people were hoping Star Trek: Bridge Crew (the Virtual Reality only game) was gonna be.
76561198087080993,Recommended,252870,23945122,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Shlappydo,So you start off and you're bad at the game. Then you play for a few hours and you are still bad. But your not as bad and that's not good. But it's not bad. Good game.
,Recommended,252870,18944846,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ititan,star citizen but for people who's computer's are potato's
,Not Recommended,252870,28897075,Posted: 1 January,all,DragynDance,"So buggy this shouldn't of been released, even in early access.  The game is built for a respawning system, but it doesn't work.  If you die, it's just straight up game over, you never come back.  This is frustrating because enemies move like they're flash on cocaine, and you have a single fire pistol with like one shot per 20 seconds fire rate, but enemies will rapid fire you down with pinpoint accuracy instantly.And while the space combat is fun, it's annoying as hell that LITERALLY EVERYTHING THAT ISN'T YOUR FACTION IS HOSTILE TO YOU.  There's no such thing as neutral, or civillians, or what have you.  As soon as you're in range, everything that spots you will fire upon you. AND THEN YOU LOSE REPUTATION WITH THEM EVEN IF YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING.  It's ♥♥♥♥ing straight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,252870,21648312,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Whistling Arrow,"Joined game, was alonePeople joined, instantly leftjumped for first time, instantly started dyingPanicked, looked out windowBlack hole, didn't even know that could happendied.11/10 would get black holed again."
,Recommended,252870,25003930,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,seaofthesky,ripoff no mans sky that came before no mans sky and is actually better than no mans sky
,Recommended,252870,30866101,Posted: 31 March,all,kajexz,This is an absolute blast to play. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,252870,19544200,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,I LIKE SLIME RANCHER,Its A Realy Good Game I Would Rate It 9.8/10 One Issue Is When You Save Your Game It Saves Your Loctain But Not Your Invetory Or Skills Aslo When There Are Metal Bandits At Repaire Bays They Insta Kill Me And Its Hard To Kill Them Because When I Beam There Befor I Kill Them They Kill Me And Then I Cant Repair My Ship
,Recommended,252870,21119912,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ya0,"This game combines elements of various ""similar"" games I like, such as Armada Online, FTL, Space Station 13, and Squad.So far it has been very fun. Graphically it is simple but appealing, characters and animations leave a lot to be desired. That being said I'm very happy with scalability and performance. For early access it's fairly complete, and I don't regret buying it (for once).8/8 gr8 b8 m8"
76561198035303696,Recommended,252870,25025678,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,The Guy,"This game is perfect, save for the absolute masters buttocks blasting pounders that are security bots.First experience went like this.<Be me, beta-vidya game playa<Have friends who lowkey bought game by nagging<Set up ship, name it Autist's Journey<Plan to get to go further than any other autist before<Just me and 2 others<Jump in with no knowledge on anything<""Whatcangowrong.jpg""<I chose captain<friend ""spicy boi"" picks gunner<Other friend ""Joe's Kneecap"" and gets that scientist meta going<We buy fuel cells and a couple of odds and ends<Head to a scout and secure mission<Get to star, immeditely starts to warm up warp<floating around<Pick a ship up on sensors<Some security drones, with W.D in their name<Think we can just brush past<I realize they're in range<We get slightly grazed<Herewego.jpg<Everyone takes positions<We have no idea what we're doing<Never fired at anything before<Realize we have to align ship to fire<We realize that we have been hit<Our ship is on fire<Pilot controls give me a slight hemorrhoid from the straining involved<Scientist runs around repairing things instead of scientisting<Gunner can't gun since core is going critical<""screw it""<Gunner is now running around making systems to cool core down<Realize we have had on the cooling fluid all along<Fluid is gone<Core is cooler but rising faster than a morning wood<Scientist figures out how to scientist<Gets shield on fleek with some dank cyber skills<Have 1 pixel of health<Realize this might be it<But wait<I finally realize we can warp<I quickly move our ship into postion while praying to allah in 3 distinct tounges<We somehow survive the pot shots<We escape<Lifefindsaway.jpg<We're in warp<Finally repair every damaged system<Set up everything so no more fire or core overloads<Still in warp<Skip warp<Instantly gets destryoed after dropping out of warp<MfwP.S.Rest in pieces, S.S Austists JourneyExpoloring the reaches of colons never reached before."
76561198251699318,Recommended,252870,22807868,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Master 360,This game is ok it works fine but need more things added in
76561198077520194,Recommended,252870,19208187,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TheUltraGamer,this game is what it would feel like be aboard a really starship in my opion
76561198072719840,Recommended,252870,23281097,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SilverAmerican,♥♥♥♥♥drawing simulator 2015
76561198097396132,Recommended,252870,25017880,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Noose,U.S.S Donald Trump set sail on our quest. The quest to build a wall.Rip crew of U.S.S Donald. Damn commie shot us down.
76561198074523181,Recommended,252870,18081283,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Shadow,"♥♥♥♥ing Awesome. Can't wait to see where they take this game, it has an exponential amount of potential."
,Recommended,252870,18080549,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Kakihara,I just want to say..Honestly out of all the games i own.. and i own alot look at my profile.. I absolutely love this game... Please developers absolutely do not stop puting work into to this game. it has so much going for it... Thank you for this game. Its amazing. If you havent purchased this game. I recomend buying it. extradorniary.
,Recommended,252870,18337205,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ptp,get this game explore the galaxy with some freinds and have some fun
,Recommended,252870,20933169,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Scipio💯,"I used to play this game on my N64 when I was younger and I still love it,don't get my hours confused, I easily put over 2000 hours into this game and still play it.10/10"
76561198123461990,Recommended,252870,32821479,Posted: 26 June,all,Lord Kumquat The Impoverished,I think its a fun game you just have to have a friend to play with. which i dont sadly... but if someone needs a friend that plays this lol i could be that person lol i only speak english
,Recommended,252870,35111935,Posted: 21 September,all,ThatKnownGamer,"BEST SPACE VOYAGE SIMULATION!Pulsar gives players a great idea of what the lives of space explorers would involve.  Very intelligent open world concept, including a large galaxy that includes hundreds of explorable planets.  However, if you are a gamer who is looking for a good story based sci-fi space exploration type of game then this is NOT the game for you.  This game requires deep thought process and a strong understanding of the game mechanics and roles.  This game is also much better experienced when played with people THAT YOU KNOW AND CAN TALK TO OUTSIDE OF THE GAME.  This will give you the greatest opportunity for success.  The game is hard, and requires a lot of deep thought and understanding as I said, you don't really get a break.  I also suggest reading on how to be successful in this game as well as reading the manual in game.  There is a lot that must be maintained and done on the ships.  Also do not pay any attention to the other reviews....They clearly don't understand that this game isn't supposed to be simple and perfect....there is a lot to comprehend"
76561198064215349,Recommended,252870,34969147,Posted: 15 September,all,predator,allright but noone plays where i live
,Recommended,252870,31714872,Posted: 12 May,all,Graves,You can shoot up ships instead of schools.
76561198106150714,Recommended,252870,20620473,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Diogenes,"In alpha and only ~ 20 hours worth of content, that being said it was a great time and i really hope they keep adding to the game"
,Recommended,252870,20558805,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dan,Really ♥♥♥♥ing fun
,Recommended,252870,20837892,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Johnny Ripsticker,The Star Citizen while you wait for Star Citizen
,Recommended,252870,20548040,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DR MANTIS TOBOGGAN MD,"This is really good, some of the roles could be made a little more interesting, Scientist and Engineer while vital roles kind of don't have much going on at all really outside of mundane scanning and temp control. Really fun game though, can't wait for more content with it."
,Recommended,252870,31760867,Posted: 14 May,all,Emu,"The goal of the game is to control the whole galaxy (or be the most powerful at least). It's very easy to do so considering no one else plays this game. So yes, very good game."
,Recommended,252870,28732463,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Haven,"Good stuff, constant updates and a great idea for a game. A little bare at the moment, still worth the money."
,Recommended,252870,28802896,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Just A Hated яooski,"Game 1: kickedgame 2: bad crewgame @$$%%^^@^&^&**(((((: I'm a first time pilot but learn quick as I've flown with similar controls in other games, I get called a vegetarian and threaten to file a complaint with HR. we find an abdoned ship ♥♥♥♥♥ out on checking on the crew after I hear what happened from the scientist and we teleport to a planet via a crashed ship's pad I forget what happened but we died and the captain swittched ships...... only I joined back........game 449ui439u4949ufjjfnffjfbnj but sometime after the last one: I'm pilot yet again although I do know scientist and engineer we fly around, boarding an abdoned ship that the crew died from a fungus........ teleported to a crashed ship on a planet... same as before...... attacking ships boarding two or three all ships of the same faction but hey nothin' wrong with traitors.......... eventaully we jump into a system with drones that are angered because we boarded the previous ships instead of manuevering the captain implies to just align for jump as the engineer counts down as we can jump I keep full thrust and then on 1 BOOM the ship blows up and we all die a horrible deathI only put two ones in any detail because they were the best, although I had many more pleasurable flights the two best ones lasted more then 2 hours with a bunch of random strangers but it was fun af none of the roles are too complicated but they aren't boringly easy everyone depends on you and its awesome, my personal fav is the pilot, the master of docking at repair stations, manuevering in fights, getting into orbit of planets, all that good stuff! but maybe its my fav just because I'm great at it. defnitly worth the 17 dollars I paid for it while it was on sale but I would def pay full price!"
,Recommended,252870,18696742,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,GTXninja,This is good
76561198033506403,Recommended,252870,18366056,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Emmit Smith,ABANDON SHIP
,Recommended,252870,18388087,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Chloe Richkar,Amazeballlls!!!!
76561198034279652,Recommended,252870,18393917,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Derrick Moore,"After buying the game, and after the rest of the afternoon disappeared...Wow, that was a fun 2 hours. I looked at the screenshots, and read the reviews, but nothing really prepared me for the expirience. Logging into a multiplayer game was easy, learning my way around the ship was easy, even the ships control system were intuitive and easy to learn.but keeping your ship level and unharmed when enemies are hurling missiles at you and the weapons guy is a real noob on deflection shooting and keeps shouting for you to hold the ship still for a second while flying through an asteroid, that's hardAfter a couple of missions and visiting mabe 4-5 different crews, I created a single player game, so I could learn how to actually controll the ship. The smallest flies like a dream, and the biggest I've flown so far had more guns than my Grandpaw and drove like his Ford Galaxie 500"
,Recommended,252870,23158542,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,HennyBear,Seriously the most addicting game I've played...If you love the idea of exploring a new frontier with some friends then look no further!
76561198128574046,Recommended,252870,32334935,Posted: 10 June,all,o9SLAYER7o,Even with this game still a work in progress it has a very stable start. The map is very immprsive considering it isint finished. Even with its recommended online play you can still play by yourself. The game is easy to learn and the role play aspect is sweet. The map is randomly generated for an endless amount of replays with each play through diffrent. The few items that are bugy are all ready in the forms and on the way to being fixed. If you like syfy and d and d like play i would highly recomend this game.I cant wait to see what they add to this game. five out of five stars.
76561198246247068,Recommended,252870,32148458,Posted: 3 June,all,Aardash,destroyed by a small scout drone instantly 10/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥at shooting again
,Recommended,252870,20334098,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ANGERY BEEPING,You have to travel across the galaxy to deliver a sandwich10/10
,Recommended,252870,22820362,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,OneTurnTooLate,"Be part of a crew; work together and rule the stars.Great potential, I wish the Devs prosperious times."
,Recommended,252870,22803037,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SeanNaut,I can make my hair blue and then green and then red.
,Recommended,252870,25667092,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Capitán -Charly-,COOP=FUN
,Recommended,252870,20832180,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Azazel  я машина,"my first views of this amazingly fun game>start a server with the ship and name of my choice>ship name= tea & biscuits>server name=halo>region=north america (im from britain but the na servers hold thee most players)>invite friends, who then become the engineer, which they seem to actually like>they rejoin however to play as pilot>other friends join and core nearly overheats>me=captain>friend1=pilot>friend2=weapons master>friend3=engineer>scout out for planets when a randomer joins, helps us to upgrade and then goes his ovn way>save>forget to check the map before we warped>infected arearestart from save>forget to check map>warp to boss...>1 shotted out of the sky from the grim cutlassserver restarting>3 in the morning9001/10 would fight the grim cutlass again."
,Recommended,252870,30742606,Posted: 25 March,all,Buddah-_-Hash,"Great game, first Early Access game that I have bought since the worst game in history, StarForge. Definitely worth the money if they continue developing this game how they have been. If I was charged $15 for this as a full game, I would still be happy with my purchase. Endless replayability with friends and endless fun. The devs are working hard to fix bugs and still bring new content with patches and content coming quite frequently.I am about 15 hours in as of writing this and I still have not even scratched the surface of the possibilities this game offers."
76561198075948759,Recommended,252870,18848179,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Seldom Sabel,an amazing team based space explore game
76561198116784323,Recommended,252870,18741502,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MikeyPez,i have got my soles so people can play this game
76561198085441589,Recommended,252870,18298912,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Nobody,If you like space games and you have friends then this is the game for you
76561198036997719,Recommended,252870,18139324,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,dustfang61,"join game become engieer heat the core to max temp, then pull heat override, then let ship explod from a melt down , 10/10 would troll the captain"
,Recommended,252870,18179630,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,The Drizzle,"Very very fun. Bought it and immediately sunk 6 hours into this game. I had a group of friends filling every position and we enjoyed roleplaying our jobs well, myself as the Captain (which honestly may just be the least exciting one of the lot, but they're working on it). I was actually surprised by the amount of content, I thought there would be less than there was, but still that's all I'm anticipating, is the features that the Devs choose to add.Definitely buy it with some friends, it's worth it."
76561198097025712,Recommended,252870,20388661,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SS_Thanksforit,"From the music to the art style to the concept and even the gameplay this game is absolutely my favorite, I higly recommend you get it and play with me if you can XD but seriously I think the developers know exactly what they're doing, they listen to the community: we asked for a captain's chair and low and behold we got it. Get This Game"
76561198070629893,Recommended,252870,19943255,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Gany,Fun with voice chat. simple controls and matchmaking make is super easy to play and fun to try new things
76561198066772728,Recommended,252870,21350198,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lorik,yes
76561198085260729,Recommended,252870,25171136,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Nomad,very fun teamplay game!  This is the game for anyone who ever wanted to rpetend they're in startrek.  Just hope I dont have to wait 5 years to play the Finished game.
,Recommended,252870,25402903,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,CKalis,Literally Artemis in first person. This game is my new obsession.
76561198145032751,Recommended,252870,24344111,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,glitchmyface,"In my previous review, said the game has a lot of potential. That potential energy just became kinetic energy."
,Recommended,252870,29357488,Posted: 19 January,all,HorrorizonNB,"Lots of fun but don't get it if you don't have 4 other friends to play it with, if you do have 4 other friends then congrats, you aren't like those losers without."
,Recommended,252870,24235387,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Unfunny Valentine,"Five people on a spaceship try not to explode.You've got theCaptain, who tells everyone what to do so nothing explodes. Little effort required.There'sthe Scientist, who does research and manages programs and scanning so nothing explodes. Their systems are a little complex, so a little effort required.The Engineermicromanages systems, warping, and most technical stuff in a fruitless effort to make nothing explode. Their systems are relatively complicated as you have to respond to captains' orders as well as making sure  everyone else has power. Hard.ThePilotis in charge of unsuccessfully dodging attacks and responding to countless requests of ""Align ship to jump!"" Easy once you learn the controls. Can't do much to not explode.Last and kinda least, theCombat Specialistis in charge of manning guns and other weapons. Aim, shoot, and hope you don't die. Relatively easy. Shoot the things that are making you explode.11/10 would completely fail to not explode again."
76561198009981613,Recommended,252870,20905960,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Scruff McGruffin,Space Crack.
76561198121302698,Recommended,252870,21117517,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Reverend Swoll,"It's good, got to vent a reactor, killed everyone."
,Recommended,252870,24483259,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Laboring Connor,Fun in space with friends.
76561198083525515,Recommended,252870,18151118,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bubble Cerberus,"My friend introduced me to this game months ago and ever since we were waiting for the game's release. I thought that it was a bit expensive at first but with only 4 hours played I can already say it was worth the money. Yes the graphics are meh in todays standards but if you want a fun, exciting exploration game with seemingly endless possibilities, then this is definitely for you. So far I have only played the multiplayer, and I have experienced very little playing with bots, but I know that the co-op in this game is well done, fun and overall amazing. Me and my friends could seemingly play endlessly (which is helpful since we make progress so slowly) and overall I think this is one of the best games i've played all year. I look forward to exploring the universe even more. I strongly urge you to check out some gameplay of this game, and if you're interested ive just uploaded the first video of many in a Pulsar funny moments series. I'd really appreciate if you could leave feedback as this is my first video, but even if you don't, i recommend you watch a vdeo of some kind. My video is extremely edited down however, so I recommend you also watch some full gameplay footage. Thanks and enjoy the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_onWKSVtTA"
76561198137934225,Recommended,252870,21916062,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,wolfking622,this game is great. met an awsome crew. Killed peaceful ships by turning are distress signal on and luring them to die. Put on space siuts and tured off all oxegen. turned the air back on and lit the ship on fire and left to where i ate a candy bar on a frozen waste land full of ice spiders.20/10 best comidy game ever.
76561197970925357,Recommended,252870,21332025,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,tri2h8it,"This is a game you can tune out of reality with. You can be hyper-critical and try to compare it to Star Citizen/Elite etc etc or you can immerse yourself, take your time and watch the poisonous social justice ridden 'real world' fly by while you talk to your AI crew and watch brony cringe compilations on your phone during warps. 10/10"
,Recommended,252870,18746880,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sabre651,"I have to say I've been waiting for this game for a very long time. it is every bit as incredible as i thought it would be. It is especially fun if you have friends to play with, the bots do not currently give this game credit. There is something extremely gratifying about warping throughout the galaxy and giving orders to your crew, and then being efficient...or in my case, dying a lot. The developers take in a lot of feedback, and the community is very friendly. If you're not too sure if you want this game, you can check out this video to see if the game is for you. The video shows off some of the gameplay (primarily from the captains point of view) as well as the visuals and just what the game can do.https://youtu.be/T8VEOLtzVlk"
76561198163529750,Recommended,252870,21028781,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Beninjator,very fun to play if you get a coopritive team of people on a ship
,Recommended,252870,29845409,Posted: 11 February,all,((Seed)),"this is one of the best space games out,  i would recommend this over No mans sky any day , this is what no mans sky should have been like"
,Recommended,252870,23300519,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Comrade Борис,Great game.
76561198042584883,Recommended,252870,18191793,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Longy,I really love this game! I have started this multiplayer series on it too if anyone wants to check out what the game is like? Great work devs!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2vSHZGpPGs
76561198132674054,Recommended,252870,19978830,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Derp123,Best game EVER.Once you find a good crew it is AMAZINGLY FUN
,Recommended,252870,32213118,Posted: 5 June,all,Zylan™,I really have no words for how impressed I am with this game. I got it last night and haven't been able to get off since. Myself and 3 friends bought the game together and we have definitely had fun roleplaying. There are a few bugs but this is an early access game so that is understandable. It is also extremly easy to run on low or high settings so just an overall great game.
,Recommended,252870,30935674,Posted: 3 April,all,phantom_,Spiritual successor to 0x10c abandonware. Simply amazing.
,Recommended,252870,18062831,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Anticept,YES YES YES!Started a crew at around 5pm.Went to bed at 6am...
76561198065257733,Recommended,252870,18093946,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Bammmm,They have group showers.
,Recommended,252870,18071563,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Merc,"Five astronauts! One spaceship. Infinite possibilities?If you ever wanted to control a spaceship together with 4 other real players, this might be the game for you. The flight controls, engines and subsystems are all operated from computer terminals, located on the bridge and other places inside the ship. Players must coordinate their actions to effectively repel enemies or even jump from one sector to the next. While it's the Captains job to take over this coordination (and drink coffee), the Pilot controls the movement, the Weapon Specialist operates the gun turrents, the Scientist the ships software and scanners and the Engineer watches over the energy usage and temperature of the core.Gameplay example: If you need your weapons to reload faster, the Engineer can switch of systems like internal lights and air conditioning to reroute more power to the weapons or he may switch of shields to have even more power available. The Scientist can temporally boost certain systems with his programs or he can try to hack the enemy ships systems. Of course you can't use all systems on full power at all times, since your ships core will heat up dangerously. Gameplay is often described as Faster Than Light in 3D and Coop.You can board enemy ships and fight AI crews, explore planets, loot candy and go shopping in space stations. On your travels you will find scrap to sell or ship parts to instal. It's important to plan a route that passes by repair stations to repair the hull or upgrade with new parts. Also you want to stock up on fuel, missiles and coolant fluid used to cool the core in the heat of battle.At the moment there are 5 ships to choose from, all different in size and layout. They all have beautiful lounges to relax and one even has a bar. 10/10 points for that alone.In the end of the day it's a very fun coop-experience, you want to share with a group of good friends OR the very nice community.In future I would love to see more things to do onboard except operation the ship. How about some mini games to pass the idle time (btw: there is no idle time, if you don't want. You can jump into action in less than a minute) or enable Roleplay."
,Recommended,252870,18093944,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),"It's like a combination of Faster than Light(FTL), and Guns of Icarus. Great co-op fun."
76561198090610275,Recommended,252870,18094389,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Pleb,Game is amazing. I would 10/10 recommend this. I haven't launched a nuke yet but I want to michael bay so hard
,Recommended,252870,18099614,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kitchner,"I don't usually go for early access games but I had followed to dev blogs for this on and off for about 12 months. It's a game that has been made almost exclusively by a couple of brothers in England somewhere, and it's pretty awesome for an early access considering they still need to add loads of content.The best way to think of the game is essentially a 3D FTL that you can play with your friends, combined with the Star Trek simulator we've always wanted.Even if you don't get it now, keep an eye on it and come back when all the content is added."
,Recommended,252870,18065659,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Felix,"Highly enjoyable co-op, a very fun blend of Artemis, FTL and FPS."
,Recommended,252870,18076232,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Taleth,10/10 Would make friends with people just to play this game.
76561198240229780,Recommended,252870,24523768,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DayNighter,10/10 would helplessly get shreked by aliens in 30 seconds again with full team and best ship :P
,Recommended,252870,28651701,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheAlmightyFez,Great to play with freinds
76561198015283218,Recommended,252870,18263207,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,movingtarget26,Star trek multiplayer game. I need my friends to buy this. So good
,Recommended,252870,20339533,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sonya Penny,"just wow. This game will be amazing one day. Team work is great, planets are great, ships are great. But soon the game will be better, and it will get better every update they make."
,Recommended,252870,29433937,Posted: 22 January,all,gordon519,LOVE ITthe most complicated part of this game is learning the layout of your ship
,Recommended,252870,28898509,Posted: 1 January,all,Cadoc,"If you can get 4 of your friends to join your crew I guarantee you will have an amazing time. the only minus I can give it is that the graphics are a little poor, but everything else is so good you will forget about that after a few minutes play."
,Recommended,252870,31643068,Posted: 9 May,all,GLADTOHELP,not much if you dont have 4 friends to play with
76561198006561843,Recommended,252870,18297040,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Darkside99x,"Solid win, even playing solo."
,Recommended,252870,35361435,Posted: 30 September,all,Richard Kickem,"Teleport to an enemy ship, killed everyone and ejected their reactor core.Died in a black hole 3 minutes later.10/10"
,Recommended,252870,24547292,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to explore the galaxy? Have you ever wanted to participate in galactic battles? Have you ever wanted to do missions to help others? If you want to do any of these, then this is the game for you! Tons of fun when playing with other people and/or friends."
,Recommended,252870,23896505,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Anonymous ⇋HG⇌,"Very fun game, much wow. But they should add jumping because you can stuck EASILY!"
,Not Recommended,252870,26690285,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,A5,"Really bad game, it is full of hackers and it's literally unplayable.These ""hackers"" will join your FULL and PASSWORDED game kick your bots and blow up the ship...The devs clearly have no idea what they're doing..."
,Recommended,252870,20160242,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Slammus,everything is ♥♥♥♥ing hostile always like♥♥♥♥♥♥man
,Recommended,252870,24978264,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Corrosion,Really awesome game with lots to offer.
76561198031979266,Recommended,252870,23097178,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mongrel,"This game started me off in a bear cave and i had to fight my way out using my bare hands. Once i left the cave i had to deal with the natives.. One was nice enough to help smuggle me to the river in a basket. I swam downstream til i got to this huge waterfall. Of course when i got to the shore, there was a nest of vipers.Needless to say.. YES buy this game. It is worth it.. and if they keep it going it'll be even more fantastic."
76561197970469299,Recommended,252870,29026625,Posted: 4 January,all,NeoStealth,Jarrod should get it.
,Recommended,252870,23278961,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Stoli,"In this competitive 5 man team game, you take on the role of space CT's or space T's in a dynamic and free roam space version of dustii.Put together your team with a proper strat caller,awper, support, and always have a good lurk to catch the rotates in repair/warp stations.On a scale of cobblestone to dustii this game is a solid mirage, and if it continues to be developed and fleshed out has all the potential to be as good as dustii."
,Not Recommended,252870,26754422,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The Thickness,This game is fun but you can't find a decent game anymore. Whenever i try to play there are 5 or 6 private games and only 1 or 2 public games ALWAYS full of morons.
76561198261712329,Recommended,252870,30450626,Posted: 11 March,all,xX_Dr_Dank_Xx,"I really enjoy this game. Also, it's much more fun than no man's sky gameplay-wise."
76561198107246653,Recommended,252870,31779582,Posted: 15 May,all,Anotaros,"Buy this game. Its simply fun, telling you any more would spoil it.Cons-Ai priority systemPros-[REDACTED DUE TO SPOILERS]"
76561198060501129,Recommended,252870,25165792,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Murlock,"SO, ♥♥♥♥ ALL THE OTHER GALAXY SANDBOX GAMESTHIS IS THE GEM OF THEM ALL!GET. THIS. GAME. NOW. It is worth it, so worh it."
76561198156779959,Recommended,252870,21310398,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The somemivix YEE ELITE,"1. Yes, you can go on planets2yes, there are bots you can add3. This game is definetly worth $25"
76561198327418235,Not Recommended,252870,31623678,Posted: 8 May,all,Bono's Right Cheek,"Controlling the ship at this stage is very difficult, as you think you've mastered one control scheme until you come out of warp speed and you can't tilt the ship the way you want to. Tilting the nose upwards, for instance, makes the ship just go forward. Possibly a glitch, but until it's patched, the enjoyment is limited. Great for a captain, but not so much for a pilot."
76561198104879698,Recommended,252870,20629487,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Suicidal Emo,I switched off all the ship systems and watched as my crew died. 10/10 would sabotage again
76561198034359392,Recommended,252870,20799849,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,"""One of the best games i ever played""~ Me"
,Recommended,252870,22508633,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bird Law Specialist,This game is amazing and im Steve Harwell.
76561198218890981,Recommended,252870,23985019,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,blarg,Quality
76561198087300945,Recommended,252870,24801333,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sharkey,Game of my dreams.
,Recommended,252870,18209597,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Malakie,Excellent job and game...  although I would love to see the ability to hire NPC's to work positions because it can be hard for many people to find other real human players to join them in game...
,Recommended,252870,18080743,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Albertgo,"It has been a long time since I played such a good game last time.Great game concept, even in alpha state it provides such a great content. Very promising game."
76561198039408804,Recommended,252870,33750558,Posted: 23 July,all,LordRed,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU_aKzEDpsU&t=250s
,Recommended,252870,28706480,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FluxX✪,Bought this in the sale and I can't rate it highly enough. It's great fun with friends and is optimised really well. It's what everyone thought no mans sky would be.
,Recommended,252870,23596999,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JackTheSpudThief,First ten minutes:-Became pilot and left entire crew stranded on a planet-Ejected warp core-Set fire to the ship-Got kicked11/10 Would play again
76561198011657297,Recommended,252870,31002339,Posted: 7 April,all,Scorpion,"VEry good co op gamesomehow my screenshots from it, is much better then steam shop page pictures..  as they does not give the real inside feel justice... might be that i run it in 4k ? not sure"
,Recommended,252870,23239342,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Patche /HxPs/,"10/10 would use all of the coolant and fuel capsules on the ship, turn off the power and destabilize the ship's core again."
,Recommended,252870,31726098,Posted: 13 May,all,KewBall,"Personally I do enjoy this game and while this game certainly does have its ups , I am not here to praise or criticize this game. I am here to offer a phenomenal 4 Cheese Ravioli recipe!Here are the ingredients you will need!Ravioli Dough: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons water.Ravioli Filling: 1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese, 1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup provolone cheese, shredded, 1 egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley.Pesto-Alfredo Cream Sauce: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce.1. Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well. Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl. Pour half the egg mixture into the well. Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady. Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.2. Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.3. While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling. Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well. Set the filling aside.4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute. Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.5. Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.6. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.7. Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel. To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta. Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart. Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling. Press firmly around the filling to seal. Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter. Seal the edges.8. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes. Drain well.9. Grease a baking sheet. Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.10. To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce."
76561198097711885,Recommended,252870,22368308,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ｌｉｌ　ｂｕｄｄｈａ,"""Beam me up Scotty""-Darth Vader,FireflyYou can meet him and many more of the crew of the battlestar galactica in this cool new gameso gud12/10"
,Not Recommended,252870,31941665,Posted: 24 May,all,SH@KE^^,"There is just not too much you can do. Maybe I'm asking too much for such a cheap game, but this one will be an eternal alpha. I bought it in 2016, it took me nearly 5 hours to see all the content of the game, and now it's mid 2017 and no REAL content or new features were added. All these patches, dev(s) release are meaningless, as they are not adding anything worth revisiting."
76561198067182014,Not Recommended,252870,20095302,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fivesyounger,"A very good, fun co-op game. Most of the mechanics work well and the only downside is the combat, lack of content and optimisation. This game ran terribly on my computer while it runs fine on others.(As a note, my computer's specs are over double the recommended)Sadly, I do not think this is worth the price. First time I refunded a game I would have enjoyed for a while longer.At its current state, this game should be worth $10-15."
,Not Recommended,252870,31591781,Posted: 6 May,all,Furkle,"Runs very poorly, progressively gets worse as the game is open. The interface is anything but intuitive. I get the appeal and the potential but as it stands Pulsar is extremely rough around the edges to a degree I can't really tolerate."
,Not Recommended,252870,30035086,Posted: 19 February,all,ImpactXRocker,The AI system was OK before. Nowadays its a mess. It takes time away from being able to PLAY. Its no fun playing solo anymore.
76561198256572359,Not Recommended,252870,26211310,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ngocypham123,"This game is pretty good for it genre, but not worth the price.The reason is this game only 20% completed at the time I am writing this review."
,Recommended,252870,18127550,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ghost Nixon,LOW RES STAR CITIZEN AMAZING!!!!!!! Me and friends play every night after we bought this its fantastic. please buy.
,Recommended,252870,23939403,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Badger,This game is really good and is only getting better.
,Not Recommended,252870,24294042,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wutang,"This review was writen in 13/07/2016 (Beta 9.5)Although the game can be fun for a couple of hours I would not recommend  buying the game YET. After playing for a few hours you will find yourself with no missions, and just wondering arround killing Drones or infected carriers wich gets preety  damn boring after a while.I will change my review  when new patches get released."
76561198052120888,Recommended,252870,32735215,Posted: 24 June,all,Retro Archetype,Yes. Game.Was def playing tonight. Play again?
76561198308600783,Recommended,252870,28996085,Posted: 3 January,all,Icey Mass,realy fun
,Recommended,252870,28991446,Posted: 3 January,all,wobbs,♥♥♥♥YA
76561197970741883,Recommended,252870,24627783,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Phantom Spaceman!,"I'm a phantom.This is in space.10/10 would invite my crew to a screening of ""Sharkey's Machine!"" and then open the bay doors again."
76561198068503512,Recommended,252870,25780728,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rusbel,"I really love it but there's not enough people, so ya know buy it plz."
76561198117824034,Recommended,252870,18094640,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HungryWalrus,Mutiplayer FTL but slightly more indepth...BUY IT.
,Recommended,252870,22925871,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Captain Alex,good
,Recommended,252870,18053377,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Acid Rain,After playing for 5 hours I truley enjoy playing this game. After getting my ship only to explore some systems a couple of players joined my game. The 5 of us decided to do some missions only to find a station with a crap ton of mines everywhere. Shooting the mines to allow us to get through the Pilot had nicked one only to have our ship become critical an within 40 seconds after the ship blew up.10/10 Would fly through minefields again :)
76561198100307447,Recommended,252870,32389998,Posted: 13 June,all,Jupiter.JR,love it
,Recommended,252870,23137156,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Perunga,"""Engage Number One""That sum's up the entire game10/10"
76561197969653870,Not Recommended,252870,35361287,Posted: 30 September,all,Braxton,"I really want to give this a thumbs up, it's a unique and interesting game but it's not quite worth the asking price at this point.  I don't know what the problem is with this game but the in-game voice function using the microphone does not work for me or my friend using either a regular mic or the Vive mic (Windows 7 registers both).  We ended up having to use Discord.  My mic works in every other game (and Discord) so it's been frustrating having the in-game menu set to the proper microphone and still being unable to communicate with anyone, and I'm annoyed that I recommended this game to a friend who bought it only to have the same problem.Unfortunately that one issue has been a dealbreaker, as it is tedious to type through hours of gameplay, much less crisis situations, and Discord isn't an option for random pub games.  On top of that people don't want to play with players who don't have a microphone and the game is impossible to play solo, so..."
76561198003100436,Not Recommended,252870,26361303,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,damanisjon,"Its one of those games that you really want to like.You manage to get your mates in, youre all excited, you take roles, the autistic person in your party goes on and on about certain mechanics and you all fall into place.Then it gets boring real fast and I begin to love the fact steamgames have a build in browser, and i begin doing my food shopping and browse amazon while the game is ongoing.Every 10/15 minutes, youre requried to do something, but not often.Theres hardly any contentGraphics are trying to look cute, but really they're just trying to make up for the fact that they are♥♥♥♥♥♥poorIts a bit of a clunky eye bleeder£££ near £20? its a bit extreme. Mobile app games have more content graphics gameplay and are cheaper.Wish i could go back and unbuy this game. And I never review games. But the disapointment is so huge....If you want this game, hold off until theres another game that you want and get that one."
76561198169437419,Not Recommended,252870,29954064,Posted: 15 February,all,brazzrs,Game is slow to start and there isnt♥♥♥♥♥♥to do
76561197982800561,Not Recommended,252870,30208055,Posted: 26 February,all,Captain_Cynical,This game has a long way to go.  I wouldn't recommend for VR as the controls are very unintuitive.  It needs a tutorial very badly.
76561198048678017,Not Recommended,252870,27990541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,zach410,"EDITCheck comments and you'll see almost everything I listed here was simply due to the lack of easily accesible documentation.Most of the features are actually present just not documented in an obvious way (like in the controls).Read the following if you'd like, but take it with a grain of salt.----------------------------------PLEASE NOTEI did not play this game for very long (3 hours), but these were my first impressionsI don't recommend this game for the price (biggest issue) in its current state.This game, in my opinion, is worth at most five dollars.I got this game with a friend on sale for about $15 USDThe same day I requested a refund.The major issue is the price, the game is simply not worth $24 USD.I can't convince my friends to buy a game for $24 USD I'm not even sure I like to buy it and play.Pros- cool concept- interesting co opCons- overpriced (biggest issue; if this game was a couple bucks it'd definitely be worth it)- no official documentation on what to do at the start of the game (and for many other things)- planet surfaces are ugly and boring (sure it's part of the art style, but the planets look like Turok with semi-HD textures)- you have to teleport onto planets, ships, and stations (no docking, which would be awesome, and no landers)- very slow gameplay- not very fun if you don't have 5 friends to play this- can't invite friends to your server through steam (you have to scroll through the server browser, which has no search)- no jumping/vaulting or crouching (feels very awkward as you are always grounded)Overall, this game isn't for everyone, and definitely not worth $24 USD"
76561198117484607,Recommended,252870,24889449,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DropZ,"Joined a game.Crew seem like nice people exepct the engineer is a 11 year old.Voice starts♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off,start turning the oxygen off, and the shields, no one noticesjust when the oxygen is gonna run out I scream it and save the day,blame the kidCaptain says hes gonna kick,kid begs us not to kick him,I insist he gets kicked.joins back after 2 minutes crying he gets kicked again.11/10 Would ruin a kids game again."
,Recommended,252870,22409292,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,indo kid,grate cop needs some more and beter ships and maby a secret super op ship that you fined in the infected and a new galixy with super op enemyes and gear needs beter gear for end game but for starter is allright decent grafics averall good could add jumpship woud help a lot or maby a small shutel so we could have a way to git loot and it would be much faster than a normal space ship and be for 1 or 2 people
76561198075711223,Not Recommended,252870,28413691,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Burgha,"Boring game.Not really too much action, effects on the ship are very simple.Played this game for like 3 hours with both random people and friends and I can say that the game doesn't help you to get started and there is almost no missions or quests to make you have an objective.Will try again once it is finished."
76561198272309931,Recommended,252870,30534406,Posted: 15 March,all,spadoinks,NOice tO sAbotAge OthEr pe0ples sHiP
76561198229790380,Recommended,252870,23689988,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,180 DUDE,AWESOME
,Recommended,252870,22509448,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Scandalous Bob™,"this is the game for u unless u have a short attention span hey look a butterfly, yor not smrt, or you are 3 1/2 years old."
,Recommended,252870,29986451,Posted: 17 February,all,Godislove4u,"i have been in vr since the early days of beta and kickstarter stuff but not the earliest onesthis is by far so far the best fullest most exciting thing to play in vrcountless of hours to play alone or with others and use the bots to keep u company toothis is like the games elite dangerous,star citizen and the unman sky had lackedpraise Jesus"
,Not Recommended,252870,32445414,Posted: 15 June,all,admiral porta,"This game is virtually unplayable with an Oculus rift: the ship dissapears quite often (yeah you are left starting at stars), you move your head up, space through the window moves up, controls appear broken. I am surprised this is still an early stages beta after so much development. Buyers beware."
76561198110058187,Recommended,252870,23739408,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,✙AcousticHITMAN45✙,Never trust Duncan...
76561198066264307,Recommended,252870,30308725,Posted: 3 March,all,Rightous Dude,WestSide
,Recommended,252870,24982006,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,metricdinosaur,cool cool daddio ill lick my♥♥♥♥♥♥if this game dies9/10
76561197972336883,Not Recommended,252870,24203094,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/DudemasterSupreme,"I love star trek.  I live for science fiction.I used to play a game with my friends called ""what's the worst thing you would do to go to space"".  ""I would eat a bowl of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; was the very first answer, and I currently have 2nd place for ""eat a plate of my mother's refrigerated pubes"".I played thousands of hours of Star Trek: Bridge Commander.  I convinced all my friends to play Artemis and we played it as much as the game's awful interface would allow.  This game is about as good as I could've ever imagine Artemis could be with mods about 6 years ago.The potatoes are finished and onto the meat:PROS:+ There's a universe to explore+ There's a learning curve to exploring it that feels ""just right"".+ Playing with your friends and training to be a well-oiled crew is easily some of the most fun I've ever had playing videogamesCONS:- The graphics are bad.  It is ugly.  You won't like looking at anything but space.- LOTS of content missing.  If you've ever wondered what half a game feels like, this is it.- The current system of ship capturing and respawning is half-baked at best.  It's hard to immerse yourself when the key to success is a highly exploitable metagameSUMMARY:In its current state, I cannot recommend PULSAR: Lost Colony despite it being the #1 game on my watchlist for over a year.  The game is as barely functional as an early access game can barely be.  It is my hope that the development team doesn't take the current level of sales as a success and move onto other projects, leaving PULSAR in the state of development hell that the rest of us know early access titles to be.  It is my hope that this is just the beginning of a long voyage full of setbacks and the lessons we learn from them, culminating in a fruitful return, just like a great episode of Star Trek :)"
76561197972223037,Not Recommended,252870,32052299,Posted: 29 May,all,Edge_DragoonRider,"pretty bad in VR, why did they release it in such a broken state?  I may rebuy again, if there isn't already something better out (like bridge crew)"
76561198305492632,Not Recommended,252870,24856155,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,benfornshell5971,"The cooperative game play is neat.  The missions are nice.The first person aspect doesn't add to the game.  I enjoyed the starbase a bit, but the first person shooter aspects are boring, it's okay if you're a twitchy five year old, but I like games that use cover and more tactics than hand eye coordination.Very buggy, couldn't even complete the first mission without endless glitches just trying to get onto the elevator.Graphics are rudimentary, but I found it performed poorly on basic hardware and needed something more mid-level.I was hoping for something like Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator with more of a story.  Instead I got something slower, poorer graphics, and very buggy.  Overall I'd say not worth it at all and wish I could get a refund."
76561198039330239,Not Recommended,252870,31933127,Posted: 24 May,all,Black (MinDog),.......... never really got into to it i think space eng is where it at
76561198243795842,Not Recommended,252870,33868687,Posted: 28 July,all,simon.potter20,I cannot say I like this game. Its another one of the those wander the long corridors type games busily doing nothing while trying to figure out how the controls work. This gets real old quickly. The AI crew do nothing unless forced and unless you like dieing in game a lot it has nothing to recommend it.
,Not Recommended,252870,31756128,Posted: 14 May,all,Sigør Bjørnhárðt,"I personally enjoyed the game quite a bit, however:The real problem I see, however, is it becoming a very cheap version of ""Star Citizen"". Latter, assumed it will be finished in the next decade ( ha, old overused joke, I'm funny! ), will probably fill most of the ""spacegame-market"".And since this game isn't nowhere near finished, I doubt that it will catch up to SC in any way.However, the bad graphics of the game - okay, let's not say bad, just... very simplistic... atleast they don't hurt my eyes too often - may also be a blessing for many people, since they won't have to upgrade their rig to NASA standarts to run it.Pretty good for short-term fun, especially ( maybe only ) with a crew of friends. The lack of anything to do or meaningful to explore however, like I said, kills alot of the long-term motivation.However, early access... so I probably will look into it a few more times along the road, even tho I'm very sceptical about the slow progress.Can't recommend it... yet. Got it on sale, and i personally think that it's not worth it's price tag atm."
76561198028601342,Not Recommended,252870,33917470,Posted: 30 July,all,Ramfire,I have put 27 hours into the game  which means ive tried alot of differnt things.I cannot though at this time give this a positive review it has to much that comes off as a fly by night job.Hacking is still rampant I even talked to hackers which are more then happy to share where they hack.The devs seems to despite literally having millions in sales inable or unwilling to answer anything on their board in a reasonable time frame or at all.The weekly updates are there but seeing as they said when they got the kickstarter to 150k lots was going to happen which so far has not happen.Overall I get a bad feeling about how this is all going.  Also the fact that with one crew member that knows the game you can kill all the bosses and pretty much rule everything within 24 hours.So i may update this review later but for now its going on the uninstall list.  I sure hope it gets beter
76561198012717206,Not Recommended,252870,21408408,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Stinger,"I love the concept of the game, but that is about it. If the concept was in the hands of a more capable developer, this could have been a special game. I am not looking for this game to improve all that much. I would like to see another developer take the concept of this game and improve upon it with better graphics, controls, and better content. I also feel the price of this game is a little steep for what it offers."
,Not Recommended,252870,24223091,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gub,"Great concept, and it could be a great game in the future, however the game is very boring, you spent far to much time doing nothing. Warp here, do nothing, warp there, do nothing etc, even when you are fighting other ships most of your time if going to be spent waiting until you can actually do something. Maybe it's just not for me."
,Not Recommended,252870,25416373,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,juicy/mmii,"it is WAY to repetitive and after a while it just becomes boring after you master every officer position on the ship and play them all it becomes more of a chore, and because $30~ is too high for a game that doesn't have much replay value"
,Recommended,252870,31545357,Posted: 4 May,all,JamesXCJuggalo,it can take a bit to get used may die alot if new pretty fun with friends captain i ejecte the core whattttttttttttttttttt nooooooooooo i said flood it with coolant ....................... cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,252870,18047725,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Dick Marcinko,Solid
,Not Recommended,252870,23573165,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MinionLuver <3,"Ok, for starters this game has a negative review. Shocking I know, but for good reason. The game is IMPOSSIBLE with 2/3/4 players as every role needs to be played well in order to survive. The game isn't incredibly well made and if you like pretty games well, this won't exactly be your cup of tea. However that part of the review was based off playing with my 2 friends who where the only ones willing to pay $20 on a early access game. When I went into the multi player, not many servers exist which allow random players to join, so I made my own. It was pretty entertaining working with the other players and I found myself actually enjoying it. I don't know If I will be revisiting this game in the near future though, as the only updates coming out are very minor bug fixes, and If your lucky you may get a very tiny add on to the game."
76561198135178389,Not Recommended,252870,32680680,Posted: 23 June,all,Nenock,"A game I was waiting for a sale on for quite a while. Unfortunetly, for a game based around communication I could not for the life of me get the voice chat to work either from the other crew members to me let alone my voice chat own to work. I noticed a few other crew had the same problem. After stuggling for a little bit I decided to refund this and move on."
,Not Recommended,252870,25862242,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Tazed,"Here's a quick review, Great if you love RPG, Other than that...... Yea."
,Not Recommended,252870,22243136,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rico suave,"Deceptive trailer.Buggy, repetitive and shallow gameplay.Like flying ships? Ship flying is terrible, clunky, slow and there is literally nothing in space. Nothing.Like exploring planets? The planets are smaller than your backyard, and there is nothing on a planet. Nothing.Like shooting? Worst shooting gameplay ever, there's Doom clones from 1995 that are better, and I'm not joking, it's straight up the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever.Like managing a ship? There's a couple on/off switches and that't about it, it might give you the impression that the panels are complex, but they're not, they just look cool on face value but once you get in the game there's like 3 buttons you can click and trust me when I say that after pressing them twice you don't feel like repeating it.This game is extremely shallow and overpriced. Don't buy this unless it's 3 dollars/euros. This should have been a free game, and I hope more negative reviews roll in because frankly I'm appalled at how all these 3 hours game time reviewers are giving good reviews for absolutely one of the most boring games.You're warned, this game is absolutely not worth money, it should be free for the hobby project it really is. Disgusting greedy kid who charges for this. Go home. Take my money and donate it to some charity because you have no shame or dignity for charging people."
,Not Recommended,252870,20826973,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Amy Schumer,"The game has a good concept, but really really lacks content. I understand it is in early acess, but a better way to describe it would be alpha."
76561197983028470,Not Recommended,252870,20443236,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fiddler Head Crab on the Roof,"This game has SO much potential, and is one of the first games I've come across that has a true co-op feel that is a good mix between Firefly meets space combat game.However, the new update has completely broken what is already challenging gameplay, even for the the most experienced of space sim pilots. The AI bots are now more useless than ever, and running into even the basic of battles means almost always certain death. You rarely get a chance to level anything on the ship now, and if you do the permadeath model means you're back to square one if you happen randomly into the wrong sector.Until the devs do a basic re-tweak of simple gameplay mechanics this game is not worth the Early Access dollars."
,Not Recommended,252870,20829041,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,NightHawk,Game does not have a save function.While it would initally lead you to think that you have saved your game state you are unable to save your games.All progress is lost despite the option to save the game.Reports from people who have just purchased the game flooding the comment forum and no response from the dev team.Looks like another alpha scam.
76561198055209194,Recommended,252870,29101830,Posted: 7 January,all,a dirty sock,gey
76561198086252104,Not Recommended,252870,23502806,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Decimus,"I do not think this game will ever get anywhere, i refunded it because it is repetative and the planets are plain at best"
,Not Recommended,252870,21026986,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sam,This game lacks too much content + The price tag is too big.
,Not Recommended,252870,21713831,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,SofaKingGood,"Seems like a decent game, That being said its in very early stage I feel and has a way to go , but very promising"
,Not Recommended,252870,20866559,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tallon Zek,"Yet another game that gets worse and worse the more it's updated. Note: If you don't have friends willing to play this with you, AVOID IT. You cannot win with bots, which are better than pubbies."
,Not Recommended,252870,26690286,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DanielfromSL,cant play this game online because theres too many hackers
,Not Recommended,252870,32835922,Posted: 26 June,all,Shawcrow,boring asf
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,252870,21660450,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mac68,"When I have a PC that exceeds the recommended specs for a game, I don't expect that game to run at 9-10fps on even basic settings. Especially a game with such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics as this. Yet another steam refund on the way. A shame really because the concept and gameplay appeal, but I am not spending hardearned cash to support this if it is unplayable."
76561198145808318,Not Recommended,252870,22104635,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,(TSU) Alos,"Honestly I haven't played this game much, but that's because it isn't all that  fun. On the join server option, you either find trolls or extremely kids, who think its real life. On the host server option- well good luck. Hosting a server takes up a lot more RAM and tends to bug out your computer (I've got an i7, and I've been told that hosting does the same to many other computers. Maybe my opinion would change if I played it more- I know I like being aware of how the systems work (specifically hyper jumping and the sientist's terminal) but the game really doesn't do a whole lot explaining them to us newbies, leaving us clueless."
76561198050530421,Not Recommended,252870,25352245,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nickzz,Way to good rating. This should NOT be very positive. If you are considerring paying 23 euros for this then don't. The game is repetetive and boring and it lacks content in general.
,Not Recommended,252870,21763761,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Master of None,In it's current state I can't recommend.
,Not Recommended,252870,19167031,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,just eat my ass,"Very early access and it shows, but the concept is something I have wanted for a long time and the current gameplay is fun when you can find a crew. Updates are not as frequent as I would like. Hoping for an update to drop soon.edit: just learned the devs have no intention of putting in any type of PvP gameplay. i cant recommend the game knowing that now, and have played too much to get a refund. unfortunate."
76561197964228641,Not Recommended,252870,21759522,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jsas819,"This game is a POS.  I can't believe I wasted $25 on it.  Yeah, I know it's an early access game and that comes with some issues, but everything about this game is bad.  Cool premise -- I've been looking for a good space co-op game for a while, but this isn't it.  The graphics look like a late '90s game.  The controls are clunky.  You get dropped into the game with no explanation of how to play, and no instructions.Again I've been looking for a game just like this for a while, but nothing about it is enjoyable.  Maybe if better programmers were building it, or if it was farther along.  But don't waste your money."
76561198073637959,Not Recommended,252870,28199589,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,CAIIIA,"This game sucks, unless you have 5 ppl to play with, dont buy it. The bots that you get to play the roles do not work, they stay idly by doing nothing.It has an interesting concept, but very poor execution."
76561198260310734,Not Recommended,252870,26153830,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dragonsoup,"i bought this for 25 dollars thinking it would be like osiris new dawn or subnautica, it was nothing like i expected...its way to complicated and there needs to be some sort of tutorial. And lastly it is EXTREMELY overpriced."
,Not Recommended,252870,31984812,Posted: 26 May,all,E- la -in,EARLY ACCESS. wish I could still refund this. Oh so disappointing
76561198009685299,Not Recommended,252870,23355104,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Fadest,"Yes  i know its EA. Content is very limited. Everything looks the same. I'll come back in 1 year when they abandon it like every other EA i bought, except prison arch."
,Not Recommended,252870,25589267,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Case,buy it when it goes on sale.....
,Not Recommended,252870,25807845,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Chamberlain ⛧,Don't Buy!!Framerates are much too crappy to play. Had to get a refund because this game is too pricy for the quality.
,Not Recommended,252870,18092205,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Krisc,"Incredibly simple and not worth the cost. Gameplay consists of very few and basic mechanics. Cooperation with friends is fun, but you quickly realize that there is no real progression and that you're stuck doing the same basic maneuvers over and over. There's only so many times I can jump and pilot around while my friend fires lazers. In the end, it just leaves you wishing you hadn't spent your cash. The graphics are overly simplified, the ships and components are incredibly basic, there is very little depth to each role and the landing party stuff is just downright useless."
,Not Recommended,252870,33077871,Posted: 1 July,all,Antaguana,"Had friends come over so we can play this together.  Unfortunatly with no LAN support, it is unplayable.With us all trying to connect the internet cannot keep up so we drop in and out constantly."
,Not Recommended,252870,28604890,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,haha remember when these ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my clan made me buy this game and i only got 5 hours out of it.
76561198125439312,Not Recommended,252870,29561943,Posted: 29 January,all,ORKSIZDABEST,This game could have become something better. The key word is could.
,Not Recommended,252870,31370400,Posted: 25 April,all,RogueJP,"I stopped playing for a year to see if it's been fixed in any way.  Came back today and it;s still the same old buggy piece of garbage with horrible controls, graphics. Awesome concept but novice programmers...Can't tell a difference at all from a year ago. Same graphics, same repetative missions, and same bugs. What's the point buying and playing this with Star Trek Bridge crew coming out in May....don't waste your money."
76561198060977283,Not Recommended,252870,22905174,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Noother,I was really exited to play this game after seeing footage of it and for the longest time due to being a bit strapped for cash was unable to buy it but when I finally did and making sure I not only matched but exceeded the reccomended settings for my computer I got like 10 fps on the first multiplayer server I hosted. Needless to say I instantly refunded the game and am now waiting for my money back.you guys either need to fix your optimization problems or simply increase the reccomended and minimum setttings
,Not Recommended,252870,18332661,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Duwang,Let me Make thit clear. ITS FUNbut in its current stateNot what I expectedPros.Lots of environments and TONS of depthQuests are a thingShip costumization with multiple shipsClasses with specific upgradesat help with their roles (note ANY class can do what another can but its assigned role is better at it)Cons.At times there is TOO much depth which can turn people awayNo Voice chat (this is a personal gripe)Its got a few glitches here and therethere are times where i can't log on to the master serverWait a litte bit before getting this... or notits all up to you.
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,252870,20487123,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,if your like me and dont have friends because your a loner dont get this.   i hate it when games require other people
,Not Recommended,252870,31590847,Posted: 6 May,all,RHS0,"I start the game, and go to singleplayer. I try to do things, and it says nothing about anything. The flying controls are crap, and it is generally not fun. I like singleplayer, because people are racist. I read the FAQ, and it did not really describe things well. When playing, I also heard no sound."
,Not Recommended,252870,35038599,Posted: 17 September,all,Aeoron (エリン),"It's a broken, early access game that's currently lacking in any features that make the game worth playing."
,Not Recommended,252870,28171717,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Clorax,"spider came out the ground and♥♥♥♥♥♥me the ♥♥♥♥ up, don't buy bc protest against spidersPS I've just been informed they are ants. Doesn't matter, I'm terrfied"
76561198041120583,Not Recommended,252870,25102553,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,A1WAY5WATCH1NG,Its a poor mans Star Citizen if you have a good pc just go buy star citizen when it comes out this game is way too much money for what little there is to do in it
,Not Recommended,252870,34982763,Posted: 15 September,all,Brysonchan29,the talk fecture for the game DOSE NOT WORK and you need it so nobody yells saying and get baned
76561198089547003,Not Recommended,252870,18588823,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Josywan,just couldnt get it to work. looks like fun and was recommended by a friend but it just crashes constantly
76561198194311333,Not Recommended,252870,32226494,Posted: 6 June,all,kingofcats,pretty boring
,Not Recommended,252870,34520466,Posted: 26 August,all,DeepDiscovery,Been there played that 99% of the players are just messing around cause they dont know how to play. most games end in like 5 minutes and the built in VC doesnt work.
,Not Recommended,252870,23234939,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dr. Shamrock,it is really boring
,Not Recommended,252870,30127349,Posted: 23 February,all,MvrcK,Do not buy
,Not Recommended,252870,23783466,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jelly Bitch,"This game sucks and is bad. Please do not buy it. Okay, thank you."
,Not Recommended,252870,18127330,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,yeti,PULSAR: Lost Money
,Recommended,252870,18388101,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Grooben,"This game is geniunely amazing, and I agree to the review that said it feels like a First Person FTL. It's stressful, it's fun and it's massive. After just 5hrs playing, I'm hooked, and so are the people I play with!"
76561198061905899,Recommended,252870,29572886,Posted: 29 January,all,The Muffin Man,"Amazing game, not many games like this are out there. This is a one of a kind game, gave me that space sim/interactive teamwork I was looking for. Keep up the great work!"
76561198135633431,Recommended,252870,24992248,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,1stripedowl,I realy love the game its a lot of fun exploring the univers with your friends kinda like FTL but this time I get to be the crew that dies a horrible death at the hands of an incompetent captain.
,Recommended,252870,18149595,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MxxiiiF,"I really like this tactical spaceship game, alot of thought has definately been put into this, i highly recommend.If you buy and want to play in the same crew then please add me on steam."
76561198031811094,Recommended,252870,18124058,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Manatee,"got on it. 3 hours later forced to go to bed.10/10 game, so much potential."
76561197966164932,Recommended,252870,18133968,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,El_Burro_Diablo,"bloody fantastic game , got it yesterday , jumped right in with some friends , lived up to everything i expected , yes there could be more weapon systems / systems fullstop , yes there could be more planets to explore , but this is comming each update as said in the dev logs , right now its solid , and very enjoyable , if you want a game to play with friends , fair enough price , and every little helps to support this small team working hard to make something new and intresting"
76561198064626530,Recommended,252870,18141114,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,UberSpiffy,"This game is lots of fun to play with friends or random stragers that you meet. It is a lot of fun to be able to talk to your fellow crew, so be sure to have teamspeak (a free download) or just have a chat party on steam. Overall very fun and addicting. I love the space battles and the ability to board the enemies ships! I hope the developers keep updating this awesome game!"
76561198156515739,Recommended,252870,18154776,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,NovusL,Very nice game! Awasome!
,Recommended,252870,18111499,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Alezund,This game is honestly like extremely cool. I seriously do recommend it. There's room for hundreds of hours of gameplay as is.
76561197966719206,Recommended,252870,18109697,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bardlebee,"Holy crap man, buy this game with friends. You want to be in Star Trek? This is the closest thing to it. You know that game Artemis? This is like that, but you get to actually do things!"
,Recommended,252870,18236493,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,F|23AKZ01D,"They made a typo in the name of the game. It's spelled : ""Star Trek: Lost Colony"". Everything else is great though."
,Recommended,252870,18238744,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,morduun,"Unexpectedly good.  Even the parts which are broken currently (primarily to do with bot AI) are less broken than expected, and the gameplay elements which already exist are solid and enjoyable.  Huge potential, an active developer and a game that's already fun -- this is early access done right.  Looking forward to more from these guys."
,Recommended,252870,18227899,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,JC.exe,"This game is on the right track, trying to capture the experience of being at the helm as a Captain or one of the other 4 roles (engineer, weapons officer, scientist, pilot) however I feel it came out half-baked and that the devs should have waited a bit longer.Before I begin, take note that I do not care if your game is early access, alpha, beta, testing phase. As soon as you open the door to recieve money, you are gonna get reviewed properly, no cookie points for releasing unfinished games! This has become bad practice...I will start with what I feel was ""the bad"" in my opinion:- The game's single player doesn't really exist. (AI is too troublesome to micro manage) Joining other players with random people invites alot of trolling and incompetant Captains.- The AI is awful and has odd behaviors, for example, teleporting in combat, unable to perform duties properly when set,get stuck all over the place in the ship if they do try to move around in a fight.- The first person shooter portion is bad, hit boxes  are small, don't try to go for limbs or headshots, keep all shots in the center of the target. (otherwise just very basic point and click)- Game already has people cheating, joined one with a Captain who was giving himself credits to buy the best upgrades.""The good"" luckily, is REALLY good and is keeping this game afloat and on people's radar.- Playing this game with friends on Comms is very rewarding, especially if you roleplay it out a bit.- This is a niche game and will shine a light on a genre that has alot of potential to be done right- The ship's are the star of this show with tons of functionality! Controlling power to weapons, shields, and various departments, all while controlling your coolant to keep your core under control, issuing orders to your crew or blasting the enemy with your all powerful main cannons and even nukes!- Ability to board and sabotage the enemy vessels from the inside and take over the ship for your own.- Going planetside to explore and complete various missions (all though the planets need alot of work, but it does help to have them rather then not have them at all).My score: 6 / 10 - Recommended, however I would wait for a sale or really think about who you can play this with. You can get your moneys worth if you got friends who are really into it and might play it for a week or so, then patiently see if the devs are gonna add more.Just like many early access games, this has ALOT of potential, however I find myself saying that alot, only to be disapointed, so I hope this game can pull it together and make something truely authentic to its genre! Hope this helps you with your decision! I made a video below for my review if you want to see more!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdaNXJyzERMThings I hope to see:- custom things to add around the ship and interact with (they have stoves, lockers, beds, lights)- The devs already expressed no PvP content, but I still have my hopes they reconsider.- Better random encounters, all AI just wanna fight you.- Something to roleplay out a interaction with enemy pirates, a screen to pull up and hail each other would be EPIC."
,Recommended,252870,18183015,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DaveKap,Artemis: Bridge Simulator... eat your heart out.
76561197965474251,Recommended,252870,18183481,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,nullptr->play(),Even in its early beta it's a fun game already.
76561198069077304,Recommended,252870,18164459,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,«CaC» ro8inmorgan,Me and 3 others bought this today and we played 4 hours straight. I even forgot to make dinner. I've not had this much fun in a game since a looong time! 10/10 will play again tommorow!Only warning I can give: This game is a must!!! to play with atleast 3 or 4 friends! Its really the co op expirience that makes this game so great!
76561198123397684,Recommended,252870,18170907,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cumblemore,i just got the game and im loving i was eaither going to get the witcher 3 season pass or this and im so happy i got this:) best game iv played in a while! i hope modding support gets added...
76561198057649915,Recommended,252870,18268091,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Android520,"This game is really cool! Between scavenging parts from disabled drones we ""found"" and dropping out of warp into hot zones, my crew and I are having a great time exploring. I just recently discovered how to fire the main gun. IT'S GREAT! BOOM BOOM BOOM! Loving the frequent updates! Highly recommend this for people who like to explore galaxies with friends."
,Recommended,252870,18316212,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ethalar,"Definitely a good game so far. Only complaint so far is it's a little confusing to find places in starmap and ai is a little buggy. Otherwise it's a fantastic game, and I'm sure the AI and the UI will be updated."
,Recommended,252870,18415804,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ac19189,If you don't mind losing hours of your life then get this game! No but really this game is amazing fun its everything you were hoping artemis was going to be plus a bit more. I cant way to see how the updates progress but as the game sits its great fun a bit limited on content but thats over looked by the hours of fun. One thing I really enjoyed about this game more than anything itself was how most of the online groups are heavy on RP so you can REALLY get into the game which really makes its fun.Only thing I disliked about it was how your spaceship is running a hardcore mode all the time if you lose your ship you start the whole game over. That kind of sucks but I understand the reason behind it. All things aside though this looks to have a promising future.
76561197996593925,Recommended,252870,18326532,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DirtyChode,"Very cool game with great potential.  I have always wanted a bridge simuilator like this.  I have had it 3 days now and have 29 hours logged time. I have had a bad exerience with early access and this has not been one of them.  Worth the money for me, but I think it need to be cheaper for others to take a chance and try it out."
,Recommended,252870,18302142,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,bhop bob,"WARNING: If your ready to have to put up with role-play captains who won't let you use a fire extinguisher for no reason other than it doesn't fit roleplay, captains who if you give any kind of order to anyone they will jump on you and tell you that's not your job, captains that don't like it when you make the tiniest of mistakes, or captains who will ask you if you have teamspeak and if you say no they just kick you, get this game. If can't handle that, don't buy this game.If you've played Guns of Icarus Online, this game is pretty similar.You and 1-4 other players (along with bots) pilot a space ship, there are 5 classes and each has a unique role and do uniqe jobs. Heavy teamwork is required in order to succeed. You'll go around the universe destroying other space ships, exploring ruins, and pillaging planets. All of this is very, very fun, which is why I recommend this game.As said the only downside is the role-play/super serious sub-community that is quite idiotic and can't accept the fact that what they're playing doesn't affect them in real life by much at all...Pros:+Fun game+Team-based+Mature community+Lots of potential+Unique+Great design+Amazing space asetheticsCons:-Role-play/serious sub-community-Bad NPCs-Easy to grief-No tutorial-Not much planet depth"
,Recommended,252870,18421003,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,PULSE,this is one of the best space games todate
,Recommended,252870,18410287,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Cucuusa,"PULSAR: Lost Colony takes good aspects from great games and puts them into a single game. With updates adding new content as well, it'll be hard to get bored of this game."
,Recommended,252870,18346733,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sardonyx,"Even if you don't have four other friends to play with, this game is still an amazing experience. The bots aren't brilliant, but passible."
,Recommended,252870,18330900,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,les illuminati,"If u like FTL, this gonna rock u hard.spaceships, fights on planets and cruel spacestations is so much fun to explore.You need at least 4 to 5 good friends (u cant block access to console for others).hope this early access is worth it and content is coming."
76561198130823013,Recommended,252870,18378126,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,knightwing,"idea is amazing, cant wait to see more...."
76561198036597808,Recommended,252870,18364957,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zilldude,"A highly underrated game. This game is fantastic and allows you to become apart of a ship crew like no other. Some may say its playing off of the success of the crowd funding for Star Citizen... I say: ""Who cares? This game is here now and kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥""If I am to offer any critiques, it would be a lack of missions and world building/interactions, but I believe those are still works in progress from some of their Dev videos. Good work, guys! Keep it up."
,Recommended,252870,19421318,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,fluffyhippo0311,It is AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,252870,19466594,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,InfernalBlade,best game ever if youve played ftl and liked youl like this
,Recommended,252870,19759491,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ripperx,"Amazing Co-Op Gameplay, some of the most fun I've had all year. It's my personal Star Trek Simulator for 2015. Multi-Crew Ships with different crew roles is pretty damn cool!"
,Recommended,252870,19776856,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Daddy Bear,"I love this game, I can't believe it's beta."
,Recommended,252870,22256706,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mosey,"I'll fully admit that it took me a while to decide if I was going to purchase this title or not. The graphics in the screen shots and the videos made me wary that this was yet another Early Access title that does the same thing that other, bigger, prettier games do so much better. (And lets be honest, if you've played Early Access you probably know exactly what I mean.)Then, I decided that I would go on YouTube (something I never do) in order to see what the game play was actually like. What I saw intrigued me enough that I actually bought an Early Access title for what I thought was a lot of money for such a simple looking game.So far, I'm pretty amazed by what Leafy Games has managed to put together. After you play this, you'll wonder why it took so long for a game company to see space combat through a cooperative lens.The game isn't done yet, don't get me wrong, but what it does is something that no other game has really attempted with any degree of success. It takes the somewhat tried-and-true formula of a space sim/roguelike/shooter/RPG and instead of giving each player their own unique starship they make you cooperate to run that one starship well.The five classes they have in the game are mostly well balanced around one another, as each class 'controls' a particular section of the ship. Some roles, like Engineer, involve pushing buttons and pulling levers to keep the ship from overheating and providing power for the other roles to use. Science is the eyes and ears of the ship while providing offensive and defensive buffs through power allocated by the Engineer. The pilot flies the ship and collects space-loot while ensuring that they follow the captains flight plan. There's a lot there, and while it might be confusing your first game nothing is so complex that it will take more than a half-hour to learn it. (Also, the user manual is surprisingly useful for a first-time player that prefers not to engage in trial-by-fire.)The community thus far have been very helpful and nice, which is also a refreshing change of pace, although there are the obligatory trolls/children that will join into your game to shut off oxygen to your ship or purposefully start fires/destroy subsystems for the sheer hate of it. So far, they're relatively few and it's generally pretty easy to recover from any of their hijinks. It's also a small community, so after a while you'll probably know enough people to steer clear of any jokers you might encounter.Obviously, the game is growing, and really my only critique is that there needs to be a few more things that the Captain can override as far as crew decisions that could be deemed 'griefing', such as firing off nuclear warheads or turning off shields mid-combat.The game play is as fast or as slow as your group can handle. Planets are relatively relaxing without any real threat of losing anything, death is painless as you have infinite clones (Although in hardcore mode you don't get a save at all, so you better not all die at once or it's game over.), and voice chat is almost a must if you really get into this game. Bad decisions are punished hard and fast, often times without you necessarily knowing what went wrong. (Such as shooting at a -much- more powerful ship than your own, only to be one-shot in return because Science didn't bother to scan the enemy ship to determine it's relative strength.) You won't blow up out of nowhere due to any one crew members mistakes though, so don't concern yourself with the engineer accidentally ejecting the warp core or hitting the wrong button and killing everyone instantly.Most games that label themselves as 'cooperative' are anything but cooperative. This game is a breath of fresh air into the space sim genre and I hope Leafy follows through on this concept and continues their track record of timely updates and great ideas.As my last parting thought, if you're at all a fan of Star Trek and always wished there was a game that finally scratched that itch that nothing seems to satisfy, this game is literally tailor made for you. Even if you -don't- like Star Trek, this game is worth a look and a purchase just for the innovation they've already put out into the gaming universe."
,Recommended,252870,22261679,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,not-so-pro-gamer,Bring your freinds abord a starship. As for space games you cant have more fun. YOU WILL EVENTUALLY BE KILLED!But then you start again an a brand new world and the fun continues all over again.
76561198119240145,Recommended,252870,22383438,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,GhettoDog420,"This game is very fun with friends and as a singleplayer game once you get used to the controls, when you first start off i recommend you play with randoms or friends with experience as it is alot to take in. Also the main thing i like about this game is the developer/s are updating the game every week, at least at the moment. When you start off in the game each ship assigns you to a different faction (There are 5 factions) but you can still change faction if you wish later on in the game and you can be a space pirate. If you get this game and you want people to play with add me as long as you can speak fluent English."
,Recommended,252870,21607543,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jrbdog,"The game that would result in someone getting FTL and Guns of Icarus into a bed together would be glorious.  Luckily, Leafy Games did it, and the result is glorious.  You can take control as one of five classes: Captain, Pilot, Scientist, Engineer, and Weapons Specialist.  Each one has their own upgradable abilites that help them along their journey.  Each class is also extremely fun.  Even the Scientist, who does nothing but scan ships and deploy viruses, is an intense and satisfying class.Along with fun classes are the fun scenarios.  From battling ancient sentries to bringing someone a lost sandwhich, each scenario and quest is fun.  Each scenario is also very balanced.  The bosses feel hard, but will never induce rage.  Sentry drones are easy to take out, but they are more than a mere nuisance.  You will never get bored playing this game.Possibly the best part of the game is the community.  While their are some less than mature people playing (there have been ships named the H.M.S.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will always be greeted by friendly space trekkers willing to help you when they can.  This is the type of game where friendships are made.All in all, this is one of the best games I've played, even though it's in Early Access.The worst part about the game are the few bugs that will most certainly be fixed in the next update."
76561198146419722,Recommended,252870,21487110,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,donr,will not let mem playBut when its rarley lets me in its a great game
76561198241792502,Recommended,252870,21484291,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,VampireSquid,"This is a simple review so it'll be over soon... Very fun game and mechanics, but there is no autosave plus the game will randomly disconnect at times and you will loose your progress which sucks... alot."
76561198042432604,Recommended,252870,21540348,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WMD || 69,This game goes far beyond what my highest expectations were for it.
,Recommended,252870,21434906,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Midget Spinner,"Awesome game, hours and hours of fun :D A little too little content, for the price, but there's more and more coming out! Definetly worth a buy!"
,Recommended,252870,21470679,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,interfusion,"Early, rough, awesome."
76561198087706617,Recommended,252870,21577070,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Lawson143,This game is stark trek simulator... buy it.. buy it NOW!!! it is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Great community
,Recommended,252870,20902938,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,AppellantZero89,I played the game better without my friend.Seems legit.
76561198071631991,Recommended,252870,21588391,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,cody.somerville,Really enjoying this game. Love the team play. Looking foward to the continued development.
76561198059775800,Recommended,252870,21555907,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Quilithin,"Though it's still in development, this game is a ton of fun, and is very complex, making it a must for anyone interested in complex co op games."
,Recommended,252870,21853808,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,sebooby,"I have played very little of this game (on my computer, at least. I originally played it at a friend's house). Nothing is more satisfying than charging a warp drive, blasting to another sector, getting into a skirmish, then going down to the surface of a planet to loot and explore. I don't need to say much more but if you like sci-fi, this game is for you.Only downside is performance - my computer obviously isn't much, but it works just fine for me on an AMD but occassionally has *MINOR* lag spikes."
,Recommended,252870,21805522,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SGCam,"This is an online version of Artemis Bridge Simulator.  Work on the bridge of your very own starship and try not to die- it's a lot harder than you think!  If you like shooting things or yelling at people to do stuff, then this game is for you.  While still in alpha/beta, the game is improving consitantly and is looking like it has a very bright future.  Get this gem while its cheap!"
76561198077423163,Recommended,252870,21806843,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,FormatC75,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN  <3
76561198052389710,Recommended,252870,21804622,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,fgk55555,"Like most early access games, this game shows a lot of potential.  They nailed on the head the fun part of cooperative and exploration games.  This game really forces you and your crew to work together to fight off hostile ships, or explore planets.  Unfortunately, that's pretty much all the game has to do.  There's a complex galaxy full of countless planets and systems, and each of them is one of 3 things, a planet to loot and maybe shoot something, a mostly empty sector to shoot down an enemy ship, or a trade station.  I would say if this game is on sale for a few bucks, pick it up for you and some friends and enjoy yourself for a few hours, but after those few hours, you'll probably have seen most of what the game has to offer currently.  Once they begin to add some more diverse content to the game regularly, then I would recommend this game for full price."
,Recommended,252870,21801411,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,you'll need: some old man,Do you wanna know what my favourite thing to do in this game is?I like to turn off the ship's oxygen and see how long it takes for the rest of the crew to suddenly realise they are slowly dying. Bonus points if they realise I am the one who turned it off as I am the only one wearing a oxygenated suit.I love this game.
76561197975344695,Recommended,252870,22154172,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Trusin,"I always wanted a game where I would work with others to crew a ship and explore space, and here it is.The game is fun enough. I like how it is very playable even though they are still adding features. It feels like a complete game and I am always impressed with the new additions.I am excited when it actually releases and hopes leafy games takes this concept to the next level eventually with bigger multiplayer support. Several shipped crews in the same galaxy might be fun."
,Recommended,252870,22205696,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Trap Daddy,You can damage your own ship so your engineer will always have something to do!
,Recommended,252870,19925944,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Windseeker131,Sometimes when you die you get stuck in spectate only 2 ways to fix are enough people dying and leaving and rejoining also scanner picks up loot and doors and such when they arent there
76561198052300336,Recommended,252870,20453050,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Twitch/ValhallaDiDDe,"i love this game! it still needs more content and stuff to do, but the devs are awsomeso it wont be long:) Thx DEVS for a wonderful game:D"
76561198168739230,Recommended,252870,20118836,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I_Ethan_Pan,Great game.
76561198008432825,Recommended,252870,20590521,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SOSCookies,It's a very interresting game indeed.
76561198127471076,Recommended,252870,20592672,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,FlamingCabbage,"Was invited by some people to play in their crew because they needed a pilot. A pretty laid back game, nothing too intense and everybody on the ship can play at their own pace while still working cooperatively. There is a lot to the game and it's quite impressive how much thought was put into its creation. Very fun to play, especially with friends, space combat is very interesting and each ship allows for a different style of play. Planet exploration is pretty cool also. Highly reccomended.Can't wait to see what else they add to this game"
,Recommended,252870,20579602,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Onehealth Wanderer,"If you like Privateer/Starflight/FTL/Starlancer mixed with a little Half Life, you're gonna dig this game.  This is the epitome of ""Let's play space,"" even for grown-ups.  It's an amazing combination of space sim with first-person exploration and a bit of shooter.  I can honestly hardly wait to see what other content these folks have up their sleeves.  I also like the idea that just about every screen on the various starships does something--they are not just there for art's sake.  So aar, its been a lot of fun.  Excellent job--ready for more!"
76561198103197943,Recommended,252870,19134566,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,majestic duck,"this game is what i've always wanted, something that makes me feel like i'm in an episode of star trek. enough said. you buy now"
,Recommended,252870,19110742,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,treadd,"The initial learning curve is steep, once you make it through your trial by fire, this game is a blast.    Crewing a ship with your friends is just awesome.  Every role is important, and team work is a must in order to survive.  Just a super fun game."
,Recommended,252870,19200679,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SomeWhiteGuy,"Great game. Great Role Playing aspect. Great graphics. The only thing that I really hope they add at some point is multiplayer... as in, player-controlled ship vs. player controlled ship(s). That would make the game the bomb!"
,Recommended,252870,30625920,Posted: 19 March,all,llyrid,"This is what I've always wanted, a space simulator where you can faff about with friends and travel the galaxy. Being able to re-arrange control panels would be nice."
76561198008368292,Recommended,252870,18590504,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Jega Grant,"Positive-*If you are patiently waiting for the Space Roberts game to come out this game could satisfy some need for cooperative space travel with your friends.*Multiple crew positions for your friends to join the fun of space travel.Negative side-  Poor graphics, game play seems to be a little bland."
76561198031706732,Recommended,252870,18686553,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,FerrusPugnum,"Well as a person who loves a good space game, mp adds to the flavour, Pulsar is one that deserves more attention and players.The graphics as stated by others are not High Def HD, nor are they spectacular in any way but the game play makes that a non issue.  It reminds me of the dated graphics in Sword of The Stars 1, {They haave been greatly surpassed but it is hard to find a game that has such robust networking(lan) capability and detailed gameplay for something so old}.Pulsar is a lot of fun to play. We play it on a lan in one house with some friends who join the crew online.  So far we have had no crashes or loss of connection due to the game.  We continue to discover new things as we explore and sometimes die in our ship.On our last mission to find a lost station crew we entered caves to kill spider like critters that could burrow up from the sand and rock and kill us.Then while exploring I climbed the rocky mountain ridge around the base and discovered something even more amazing.  I can't say if it was designed to be a barrier to the area but once at the top of the ridge, clouds of dust formed like whirlwinds and then some enormous creature came up from below out of the rock and ate us!!We barely saw portions of the beast poke up through rock as we died.  I kind of wish the death took a little longer so we could see more of the creature!!I think if we get to go back to that planet i will try and do a video capture and put a ""red shirt"" crew member in harms way while I capture the critter eating him!!It reminded me of the great worms from Dune.If you like adventure, fun, exploring and get better but not always having an easy time of it out in unknown space then buy this game.It can only get better.The only caveat is until the bots get better you really need 2 or 3 humans to run the ship for battles and exploring or you will find it very tough to progress right now but It is still well worth buying."
,Recommended,252870,18713832,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Shao,"A genuinely interesting early access game and quite a fun and engaging one to boot! Yes, the graphics isn't exactly something to behold, but does it really have to be about graphics? Gameplay, this early on in the development is still fun and it is rather clear there's a lot more to be added. All in all i would reccomend!"
,Recommended,252870,18522970,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zatrael,9.7 Hours ClockedHaving withdrawal symptoms from this game11/10 will do science again
,Recommended,252870,18563759,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Luke Murphey,"This game is could be one of the greats once it's done. The star-ship control part of the game is extremely good; the away-team part less so. It lacks content (missions) as of beta 3 and this makes the game feel aimless (I'm not sure what to do). Content is to be added in the last phase of the game's development though. I'm looking forward to it.Pros:* Star-ship control part of the game is very good. it has good balance for each of the roles and is very engaging.* I love the combination of first-person perspective and star-ship managment. It makes the game far more engaging than a  remote, third-person type of game.Cons:* Lacks content as of beta 3. This is the last phase of the game's development though and is to be expected.* No local-only (LAN) gaming. This is planned for a later release though.* The away-team part of the game is ok but I find fighting aliens on planets to be repetitive and not greatly exciting. I would to need to use more strategy to stay alive (like ducking or using terrain to provide cover). I would also like to see larger planets to explore; some of them feel somewhat cramped."
76561198092081927,Recommended,252870,18469818,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Mechitron,"I only have a few hours under my belt, but I like what I've seen so far.Interesting game concept, designed around teamwork. Each player having their own role to perform makes everyone feel useful, to an extent. Some jobs require more attention than others, such as pilot or engineer. Obviously the game needs more content, but it is still early access, so it will come. One thing I WOULD like to see implemented though, is some sort of a job queueing system. Some players will obviously be more comfortable doing a certain role (I've only been a Scientist so far) And joining games is rolling the dice, because you're probably not going to end up in the role you would like, which can make it more difficult to gel with a new team. So it would be nice if there was a way to queue as a scientist, or pilot etc, and be shown a list of games where that role is needed."
,Recommended,252870,18508920,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,nola,"A ton of fun, if you have friends to play with."
76561198146554656,Recommended,252870,18531204,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Tyreese,This is a very interactive game some things a bit repetitive love the planets
,Recommended,252870,18696689,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Khrux,"It's like the child of FTL and No Mans Sky, a pretty good co op game"
76561198016764863,Recommended,252870,18498225,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Birb,Get it. Active devs. Active community. Fun.
76561198264101358,Recommended,252870,19594888,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Magic Bunny Princess,This game is fantastic! Playing with friends is even more fun!
,Recommended,252870,19801249,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Arclight,"I have only played this game once so far, but this particular session lasted around 2 hours.The game is by far the most immersive one I have ever played. Whichever class you choose, you ""hop into"" it very quickly. As a weapons specialist, I found myself almost subconsciously relaying targetting info, turret charge, misle lock on progress et cetera to other crew members just after first few minutes of manning the post. Same went for other people, they were reclutant at first but later, especially while in combat, the voice chat resembled what you can hear in any kind of movie or game involving spaceship fights.The game could use some polishing here and there, and of course more content, but overall it's really good. Even better if you ever dreamed to play as a part of spaceship crew.Pros :-Immersion.-Every station is straight-forward, you can get a grasp of your role really quickly.-Every screen is interactive, and you perform your tasks through them - it increases the immersion further.Cons :-The animations feel... clunky at times. I understand those are probably engine limited though.-Some of the enemies lack visual indication of their attacks so you could possibly dodge them or at least see that you're getting hit (magma slugs ._.), and in my opinion they're way too strong."
76561198151682541,Recommended,252870,19832501,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,a2ferrariboy,"I recommend this game to anyone who loves FTL and Guns of Icarus, this game made a mix of my favorite parts from each game and turned it into an amazing experience. Still I do have some requests for the developers. I wish we could have mining since there are so many useless asteroids it would be cool if you could teleport down to them and mine the crystals in them for money. I also would like it if you could walk out into space. Also adding more ship components and maybe some more upgrades. I can't wait for the game to be finished and be able to have a scientist who can craft thing and I can't wait till I have more missions."
76561198131018298,Recommended,252870,19852694,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,D3ZIQN KILL3R,good game with very fun roleplay capability. would not recommend to mac users due to low frame-rate and instability but for Windows users this is a great game for you guys!
,Recommended,252870,19839022,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kruzil,"Perfect for that niche of gamers, such as myself, that are looking for that cooperative multi-crew space exploration game."
76561198112730072,Recommended,252870,20050853,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Wontonsoup,"Great game, needs jumping and more weapons and more upgrades. Really like it! Keep up the great work DEVS."
76561198130821159,Recommended,252870,20026607,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,im dumb,"OMG IF UR WONDERING '' HMMMMMM SHOULD I GET THIS GAME?"" YES, AND BE MY FRIEND SO WE CAN PLAY."
76561198003175556,Recommended,252870,20042372,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Enderoth,"Probably some of the best♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played.It's hard at first. The learning curve is steep. You NEED 1. A good captain who can perform all the crew roles. 2. A good pilot.It's only in beta, and it's not polished yet (I assume there will be more content, mechanics, and various other things in updates)but it deserves your attention.It'll hold you over on the group-effort space survival craving until Star Citizen arrives (and maybe even after, depending on the missions and story)."
,Recommended,252870,20242874,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,End Times,Its a great Game. But it need more content. The gameplay is 10/10.
76561198138691719,Recommended,252870,20110666,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,Cant even complete a mission because an AI or Player ship is always there to stop me from getting back to the mission carrier.8/10 Very nice concept and the ship battles are intense
,Recommended,252870,20172709,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kelinni,"Lots of fun, good people.  Built in voice chat makes the whole experience easier.  A mild present depth with lots to come it seems.  I pray this stays alive because i have a lot of fun with this one."
,Recommended,252870,23476792,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,I.A.A.N,"Great game, but i get weird audio lag, but the game is still in beta, so no big deal"
,Recommended,252870,24204769,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cactuar,This game is the ultimately my favourite coop and space sim game
76561198011763377,Recommended,252870,24145559,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pyramid Head,This game has a foreseeable future.
76561197961354335,Recommended,252870,24213075,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dunk,"This is the most fun I've had in a game for a while. I started solo, just to learn the basics of each station. Spawn a bot for guns and then do everything else. Then today I joined a random open game. Three complete straners, all in the same situation and within minutes we were all working well together and getting things going, everyone taking charge of their own litle space. It's the closest you can get to being a crew member in a start trek game. A great fun game and a good community."
,Recommended,252870,30820598,Posted: 29 March,all,A Frackin Cylon,"This game was incredibly fun when I first got it. It feels like the most complete promise on a 'Star Trek' game that has ever been made. Get together with 4 friends, each of you assume a position of an officer on your own starship: Captain, Pilot, Tactical Officer, Science Officer, and Engineer and go explore the galaxy. Each of these positions feels fun, accurate, and well put together. It's absolutely fantastic. Over and over again the community said, ""man this game would be awesome in VR."" So the devs released it in VR as a free update, and it is. I can't recommend this game enough.Tl;Dr: The best Star Trek game that's ever been made doesn't have the Star Trek IP."
,Recommended,252870,24121190,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Scuro,FTL but coop and 3d.Graphics are a little weak but they are in a style that makes it acceptable.Enjoyable game. Looking forward to more content.
76561198037835849,Recommended,252870,24116003,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,joemcjoe,"I really love this game and would recomend it to all people, that being said I bought it while it was on sale. In the future though I would like to see more detail put into this  game because, although it is playable now, it does not have very much content."
76561198125315412,Recommended,252870,23457114,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Plzcheese,"This game is basically a 5 player co op vs AI so far. You can join up with your friends easy, the game is really smooth for loading games and has a nice save system. The only problems are small such as sound and music. If you are a fan of Star Wars or Star Trek or other space things then get this game it is worth it. You can be a space pirate, a explorer, and more. Expect what you see in the Trailers, Pics, and Desc. JUST BUY U WONT REGRET!"
76561198150017827,Recommended,252870,23494075,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ye_boi_Scarse,it a great game and that is finale
76561198087531818,Recommended,252870,22896739,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,"Anthony ""Flash King"" Bourdain",Its Yuuge
,Recommended,252870,23264628,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Carpe Deez Nuts,"Fantastic game, but needs more types of missions and a lot of polish. Diplomacy, escort, aid, scouting, and anomaly investigation missions would keep things spiced up. Engineer could possibly have some kind of mini-game dealing with coolant and power routing. Scientist could have more control over atmospherics in the ship, more in-depth shield modulating, and help with translating comms. Captain's chairs should have direct and immediate access to all ship information. UIs could be greatly improved. Perhaps add another shiphand for security vs boarding as well as another hand on the guns.AI is just awful. Bots are nearly worthless and the control scheme set up for them is tedious to refine to get them to work correctly.Otherwise, it's going in a fantastic direction and I highly reccomend it. It has a very good value vs time."
76561198169862253,Recommended,252870,23271884,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TheUndeadWrench,"This game is amazing, the space battles, planet exploration, and ship mechanics are top notch! I can't wait to see how this game develops!"
,Recommended,252870,23241970,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Honkotron,"If you're a fan of team based games where voice chat is important, or have a sweet spot for piloting ships or complicated systems, you'll fall in love with this gameWork together to pilot a billion dollar ship, manage the different systems to overcome the obstacles your captain charts for you.Run cargo missions, pillage and raid planets or freighters, or be a decorated member of a military force.Firefights are intense as hell. The screams of your comrades will motivate you to higher feats. The main cannon is strong enough to rotate and various power systems have to be managed and cooled all in real time.A proper comparison is FTL in real time, and multiplayer first person perspective. I'm hooked."
76561198118911356,Recommended,252870,23568122,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Siguy,"Flying through space, shooting stuff up. Charging lasers and cannons. In the end your core over heats and ship goes boom. I played about 2.3 hours on this game when I first got it and had a crap tone of fun. I recommend this game to the space explorers out there. Get your self a crew and kick galactic butt."
76561198111484756,Recommended,252870,25296674,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,THE GAME BOSS!!!!!!!!!!!,This is an awesome game that could use some improvement on the multiplayer but is very fun anyway.
76561198042382171,Recommended,252870,25214714,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Khobai,Game is amazing.Its basically star trek + ftl + guns of icarus online.
,Recommended,252870,25280029,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Lucifer,great game like the art style could use some work and more I dunno things to do hahaha all an all great game 8-10
,Recommended,252870,25259590,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Scarecrow,This game is a ton of fun. Basically its star trek!
,Recommended,252870,25190664,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dashie,"This game has ALOT of Potential. I do feel it needs to be more Complex though, like it is too simple at the current moment, more like Faster Than Light stype complexity.Otherwise, this game is great."
,Recommended,252870,25690582,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Doctor Dorito,I myself enjoyed the game alot. My friends though. Didn't like it. So they refunded it. And thus. I refunded it to. Because I would've had no one to play it with. If you're a group of 3-5 friends. And would like a spacy adventrue kind of feeling with alot of teamwork. Then buy this game. It is lots of fun. I'm just saddened that I didn't have a chance to have so many moments with the game.
76561198088363087,Recommended,252870,25893248,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Manic,Awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'nuff said
,Recommended,252870,27138018,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aritani,A very fun game to play with friends.There was recently a problem with hackers which had a lot of negative reviews and comments about the game. A few days after this issue arose the developers released an update to help prevent that and commited to keeping security a focus on their development path.Great community overall and great developers that listen to the playerbase.
,Recommended,252870,27368930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VanityGaming,Fun game to play with friends
76561198032975786,Recommended,252870,26992337,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,undanny,"This game is so dope. For real, can't stop playing it. Not to mention the creators are great and the updates are almost weekly"
76561198112243373,Recommended,252870,27016429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erect Asshole,Got not much of a clue of what i'm doing but it's some good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,252870,26455094,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mattster,"Joined a server, the captain decided we had to blind jump because we were being attacked... blind jump into the sun, blind jump again, end inside a meteor or planet(idk) the pilot hits a wall ship explodes 10/10 joined another server..."
,Recommended,252870,24505715,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Voiderest,The game puts you into a role on a starship you can move around on and operate controls. The game also has the ability to teleport off ship to board or land on planets. It is very much a game I was looking for concept wise.Currently the missions feel somewhat repetitive and there are down times when you are just kind of hanging out on your ship like during warp jumps. The game has support for flight sticks but it doesn't support it very well. Not all directions or orientations are supported and for some reason you pilot the ship by using a camera aimed at the ships rear thrusters. It is so bad I can't be a pilot.It is a lot of fun when you boarding a ship or in combat.
76561198094003359,Recommended,252870,24448668,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Spartaneri,"This fulfills my need for Star CitizenImagine Star Trek, Elite Dangerous and Firefly had a dangerous unprotected orgy and both Star Trek and Firefly came inside Elite Dangerous and 9 months later there is a baby. The baby grows up to look simple, but has the personality traits of his parents he never knew. Alone and forgotten he works to one day be better than his parents and make them proud enough to aknowledge him. Pulsar is that child.Fun comparisons aside, this game is fun. In fact, it has been the most fun 5 hour game session ive played in an indie game. 5 of my friends listening to me bark orders while we do, i dunno, whatever we can because we have no idea what we are doing. This game has incredible potential and im excited to see where it goes. I was hoping they add more ships in with more slots for say 2 engineers or 2 scientists but i doubt it will happen. This game is fun as it is, and look forward to its future"
76561198061539554,Recommended,252870,24484722,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tricky,"was playing with some friends, when the engine room started filling with smoke. i asked what was going on, all of a sudden 2 AI ran through the door with fire extinguishers spraying wildly. little did i know the entier ship was being pulled into the sun and was on fire.10/10 would die in ignorance again"
,Recommended,252870,24431337,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,)))))][(((((,Fun with others.Needs a lot of art polish.Gameplay is really fun and deep.
,Recommended,252870,25687152,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Foxy,"Its a real gem! Getting regular updates and a great community, this game is bound to become a FTL in 1st person and I realy like how smart the AI is getting! Just one thing: Please add a FPS limiter, my GPU is running hot and 30 FPS is enough for me personally."
,Recommended,252870,25429490,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hightech Redneck,"Good game, ftl meets space engineers, granted its only like space engineers in that u can fly around in 3D space (in your ship only)and shoot stuff.  Its boring as all get out though but if you have a crew...hehe try jacking another ship.  Its nuts."
,Recommended,252870,25432462,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Info(Milis),I've had this game for about a year and I am constantly impressed by the improvements to the game. It was fun when I bought it and it's even more fun now!  10/10 would buy again
76561198055575854,Recommended,252870,21600733,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,William,"This game is great just awesome only issue i have is framerate which is wierd since i have a pretty good computer so this games is gonna get a thumbs up just because i believe that the frames can be fixed :)Finally optimized im no longer having a huge issue with frames although it still could be better, but im really happy now ;D"
76561198038868760,Recommended,252870,26471132,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,lightning,Pretty good space game but you really need 4 people to play it properly
76561198257724164,Recommended,252870,26466188,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Herbal Florist,Absolutly love this game! Keep up the good work!
76561198205930156,Recommended,252870,26609425,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bluefoxvapor,what no mans sky should've been but didn't but still can be..... maybe
,Recommended,252870,30913063,Posted: 2 April,all,SamTheGamer39,I love this game so much. But I think random events on the ship and intruders on the ship would make me so much more happy with this game. I find no other faults worth mentioning.
,Recommended,252870,26631870,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheJusticeSquid,Extremely fun game! Its basically a star trek simulator. I feel like this game would be able to grow more if they sold a 4 or 5 pack as its much better to play with friends rather than the AI
76561197975604165,Recommended,252870,26685046,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,capnhuff86,"Worth the money, fun and funy.I spent five mintutes just laughing at server and ship names before even joing a game.10/10 will make space great again aboard U.S.S. Harambe"
,Recommended,252870,26608925,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Shishrr,"Would love to see VR support, but since that will probably take a while, 10/10 for an indie game!"
76561198003951110,Recommended,252870,26638438,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Naverin,"I was in my first game for under 5 min and realized this game was awesome.   Neat people, flying a spaceship around. Blowing things up. Boarding ships,  Fires, explosions.   Felt like I was on a starship with a bunch of crazy people having a blast!Interested to see how this game continues to develope."
76561198034912952,Recommended,252870,22150456,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ibol13,"It's good, but OMG I can't play it. It crashes every time I play."
,Recommended,252870,22257844,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,kanda,first person FTL; this game's so ♥♥♥♥ing good
76561198008765421,Recommended,252870,22231895,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Sarlic,"The game does lack alot of content it could have but overall is a really fun game. The planets are tiny and rather repetitive, the boarding can often times result in the ship you are comandeering being blown up in the process and your missiles can often times turn allies into enemies because of the AOE.Understanding that the game is in Beta there is alot of content either not yet added or not yet optimized. I've often been subject to the game lagging a little in shops or had audio glitches. Sometimes you feel like there just aren't enough people to properly man the ship, like having 3 turrets but really only have 2 people who can man them permanently but only if the captain fills in rather than doing his trademark chair warming.I do recommend the game though even despite my review of it seems negative, really I'm simply warning what you should be expecting as of Beta 7.2."
76561198067251264,Recommended,252870,22225995,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Zachev,"You have 5 crew members: captain, pilot, science officer, engineer and weapons officer.  Each person has a role on and off the ship, and you are free to move about the galaxy as you want.Honestly, the game is a really neat concept that needs a little bit more polish, but what's there currently is pretty good."
,Recommended,252870,22176110,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ninjai,Just wow this game really does what it says having so much fun.  Incredibly deep systems that compliment one another for multiple strategy streams.  Once you get the hang the customization becomes extremely satisfying.  The majority of peeps are really cool.  You do get the occasional troll or overbearing control freak captains however.  Best space game I have played since FTL.
76561197993919484,Recommended,252870,22382480,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zardozan,"So far so good.  Still learning since this is a game that tried to make every position important, there is a lot to absorb.  So far I have spent most of my time in the engineering and science positions, both support roles that weren't critical for the ships I was on but were still important.  I could see how in a really competitive combat situation every position would be taxed, however you would also need great communication and a knowledgeable captain to pull it all together.If you don't find a good teacher the first time out, no sweat.  Just keep trying because they are out there and they will allow you to really take advantage of what the game has to offer."
76561198067033980,Recommended,252870,21439768,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Rodien,"Fun and only made by two people (assuming I heard correctly) with great detail. I could think of no better early access game to back.And I'd consider the graphics to be style, and to be a very nice simplistic style at that. Even more so when comppared to some other early access titles, like 7 Days to Die."
76561198091803222,Recommended,252870,21485605,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CaptainPantan,"This is a good game with incredible potential and even how it is now its great. Look at other reviews for more details on the gameplay. But im really worried that this game is in beta and nearning release. It is in no way finished. They have the ships and most everything about them down, but its the other things that need help. The AI is awful, just go to any station and you'll see what I mean. Another issue is gunfights in this game, agaisnt humans or aliens on planets is incredibly bland. From the way you hold your gun, the sounds, general feel of the gun fights are really, really bad and could really use some help. I could go on for a while, but this game feels early alpha in some areas, and beta in others, the devs really need to do a lot of work. Make shooting better, improve AI, improve animations (walking and whatnot) improve player models and add a few more different types of guns on the ships. For 25 bucks its totally worth it though."
,Recommended,252870,21454686,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,moonracer,"If you like the idea of things like Artemis Bridge Simulator this is worth a go. Online play is a lot of fun. The community is small but I haven't had a problem finding a friendly crew whenever I've looked. It feels like a very good game if you have a small group of friends that like to play games together.+Several ships to start with or capture (each with a unique internal setup)+Plenty of ship upgrades to loot or buy and configure your ship to your liking+Large map offers enough space to explore and have an extended adventure+Ship to ship combat feels very good and involves all roles+boarding enemy ships is very cool feature+-Crew Bots are okay enough to play solo till you get a feel for the game, but need work to allow much more-FPS combat feels barebones and not satisfying at the moment, but it works-Planet maps (I've seen so far) are rather small and empty feeling-Game is yet to be optimized, so performance issues at higher video settings were very noticableI put this with Early Access games that are complete enough to be worth playing now even if further development is slow/doesn't happen (though I hope it does). This game fits a uique enough niche that I can overlook it's few flaws."
,Recommended,252870,21511699,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,whirlybird15,"Although I've spent little time so far in the game, I can tell it's already going to be a favorite. Its a lot of fun with friends. For those complaining about frame rate issues and those looking to buy the game, be sure to go into your NVIDIA control panel and run it off of your GPU, not your integrated graphics."
,Recommended,252870,22275222,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,rancher3000,"This is a really good game. it is really hard if you try playing this game solo with AI bots. the game does have glitches, but none of them are serious. this game is excellent."
76561198086437825,Recommended,252870,22527238,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Codex,"Pulsar, is a great game with a great idea to it's name. It's mechanics are great, allowing you to fly around your spaceship, fire weapons, explore planets, and several other things. What makes this game even greater is mutltiplayer. It is so much easier to put hours and hours into this game, when you play with lots of friends. Even if you don't have friends to play with, there is also a great online community to go out and explore.There are somethings I don't like about the game however. One of the big things, is that the game feels unfinished. On planets there is not much to do and out in space all you really can do is fight ships. There are also several bugs with the Ai, and occasionaly other things.Besides some of these, which I believe will be worked out over time, the game is great. I specificaly bought this to play FTL, but in 3D and this game gave me exactly that!"
76561198127582802,Recommended,252870,22600943,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Domingo,An amazing game to do for team building (My partner and I messed up and did get blown up 5 times within the first half hour of playing). Can lag a bit though (Admittably i accidently set it to 1080p). Would highly recommend (in multiplayer).
,Recommended,252870,22901379,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Doctor_Chuckles,EPIC.
,Recommended,252870,22819224,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bananatee,"This game is really good for its current development state. Excellent multiplayer with a real emphasis on team work. There is no other game quite like it. I would like to see more games go in this direction with multipassenger ships that can move during space travel. Most space games leave out features that make them immersive. This game captures immersion almost perfectly. I would however like to see a third person mode added along with more to do on the ships. While this game has a class system unlike any other, the classes need to be fleshed out a little more, with more abilities unique to their role. I would also like to see more domestic activities implemented on the ships and an asymmetrical way of interacting with other peoples crews in other games. Overall great direction and kep adding content. With a lot more pve content this game has the potential to be one of the best space simulations out there."
76561197989480723,Recommended,252870,19976428,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vigil,Best multiplayer space game I've played yet!
,Recommended,252870,19965434,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,✪ CaptainWinky,"I've had a Steam Account for a long while now, and this has to be the first game that has compelled me to write a review imploring people to buy/support it.To me this game is what I imagine would ensue if you were to take F.T.L and turn it into an FPS Sandbox, add a vastly broadened universe and sprinkle a bit of Star Trek/Firefly on top.It's only been on steam for 3 months (at time of writing) and it has already shown to have excellent feedback and weekly to monthly updates from the developer(s)If you're a fan of Star Trek/Firefly/FTL or just space oriented games in general I would recommend you give this game a try, it won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,252870,20007557,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Barney,Most fun I have had with a early release game!
,Recommended,252870,20139083,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,thenickhis,"I'm so glad there's finally a game like this. It's rich with simulation elements, but it's very reminiscent of all the classic space RPGs since Escape Velocity, except in the perspective a single crew member of the ship."
,Recommended,252870,20082762,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Recommended,252870,20161537,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gouda,"This title has easily become one of my favorites I've played in a while. I and 4 of my friends get to man and operate an entire spaceship? Warp to unknown star systems and explore planets? This is phenomenal. I feel like I'm playing FTL in first person, with 4 of my friends. The game has a bit of a learning curve, but it's role based, so you really need reliable crew members. Lots of trial and error. I think the farthest we've gotten was 8 jumps, but our Chaos level was maxed at 6. We were under the impression everything in space was hostile, so we immediately fired on anything. We've read a bit about the Chaos levels, and we've now managed to stay hidden from enemy sensors and we're getting a more accurate read on ""hostile"" entities.If Hard Science Fiction is your thing, I highly recommend this game. It tickles every sci-fi nerve I have. It promotes team work, laughter, and a sense of accomplishment when you succeed as a crew. This is my first Leafy Green title I've played, but I can tell (based on their updates to the community) that they genuinely care about this experience, and not just pumping out a half-polished P.O.S. to make a quick buck.To the developers: We as consumers see where you are taking this, and we like it. Please continue with what you're doing!10/10"
,Recommended,252870,20023210,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Archaeon,"This game taught me how important it was to have a level-headed person on the shipto be the engineer.The captain is always panicing, its the engineers job to make sure that the captains panicing doesnt blow the ship up."
76561197965285141,Recommended,252870,20062029,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Frizzank,good game
76561198005816412,Recommended,252870,20330763,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Maca,"Anyone who is a fan of Co-op games as well as Sci-fi tv series like Firefly or Star Trek along with roguelike games like FTL: Faster than light should have a long look at picking up Pulsar:The Lost Colony. Heavily in beta after their successful kickstarter the game is coming together with updates every month or so.As it stands at the time of writing, the game has very limited content, although the core game is solidly in place. A crew of five work together as they travel the galaxy making credits by destroying enemy starships, running missions and collecting scrap which in turn allows them to keep exploring the impressively huge map and keep their own starship upgraded.The interactions between the players are the main selling point of the game and like the crew of the Enterprise or Serenity each member relies on the others for their own success and enjoyment, to a point. While it is entirely possible to play the game solo or with 2-3 good crew members the real fun comes from 5 members with mics who are able to smoothly interact and keep their ship running.A typical gaming session would follow a fairly similar path. The captain chooses the ships destination, the engineer charges the warp core and can allocate power to the science and engineering sections to speed up this process. Once charged the word can be given to jump the ship into warp. After a few minutes of travel time (which can be handily skipped) the ship exits and the players will usually be greeted with an expansive sector littered with asteroids or space debris, a planetary system or trade outpost.  More often than not an enemy will be present and the captain can give the word to engage. The ship can also be keep in silent running with systems powered down in the hope to pass through undetected or use a computer virus to siphon the enemy ship of credits before jumping away silently.While the weapons specialist fires from the main turret the pilot must keep the ship in firing range and within the turrets arc of fire.The science officer uses his station to disable the enemy's shields and thrusters and can buff his own ship with shield recharges and speed boosts all the while scanning the enemy and relaying any useful information back to the crew. Further more he can alter the shield frequencies for added damage reduction and detect any components that might warrant boarding the enemy ship and stripping it for parts.With all this action taking place the ships main reactor is placed under huge stress causing heat to build up and it's up to the engineer deep in the bowls of the ship (or from the bridge) to regulate which systems deserve more or less power, failure on his part could lead to a devastating core meltdown although that too can be handled with the right amount of teamwork.Once the battle is over any scrap and parts can be collected, credits added to the ship's wallet and it's off to the next target or station to repair and look for upgrades.It's this part of the game that is solid and although there is more content in the form of missions, planetary exploration and boss fights anyone buying the game in it's current state shouldn't look too far in front of what I've outlined.I'm eager to see where the developers take the game and with more content being added frequently I'd highly recommend picking it up."
76561198047002250,Recommended,252870,20151503,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Guthrie,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,252870,20311571,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,HeyMaxxou,FTL in FPS form
,Recommended,252870,21829570,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[WK] Keragon,"This is a great game.  The setup already going for Beta has huge expansion potential, and the dev's are consistently adding new and cooler material to the game.  If you take the time to read t hrough their plans for the game, it's hard not to be excited for it.  I have full confidence they will deliver as well because they have delivered an excellent beta already and are going through with their promises, one updated at a time."
,Recommended,252870,24664829,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,diskdinomite,"One of my favorite games ever!  I used to play with friends, but since college we can't find time where we are all open.  I still play with the AI though.  Either way, this game is definetly worth the money.  I'm also looking for some people to play with if anyone is interested"
,Recommended,252870,24668378,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Devo343,this is a very cool game  got it played it for hours love the mutiplayer  it feels like its finshied buts its not i cant wait to see what its when its finshied yes you should get this game
,Recommended,252870,25005422,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,downphoenix,"Killed off an entire planet's alien lifeforms.Then while the team was looting, I destroyed the life support systems and went into exosuit, and they suffocated as they got back on the ship, then I flew off like a boss!J/K but you could do that in this game if you wanted. It is very fun and in depth, but players are fortunately willing to teach you how to play."
,Recommended,252870,24957788,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DarthLofus,"Great Co-op game! The complexity of each role could be more complex, but it doesn't detract from the experience."
,Recommended,252870,24967005,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SillyandStrange,"This game is absolutely amazing.  Teh Star Trek Sim I was looking for.  Being able to take 4 other friends and Roleplay an experience in a starship is beyond my grasp.  I'm so happy this is being developed.  Thank you so much, Leafy Games."
76561198113981679,Recommended,252870,27978443,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RubyKnight,"I really didn't know what to expect from this game at first. The idea behind it seemed interesting, and I decided to give it a try. I had no idea what I was doing, and joined a game just to see how things worked. I was in charge of weapons. Luckily for me, that was the easiest job to pick up. Our crew aboard the U.S.S. Flurry quickly grew, and we soon found ourselves planning to play again later. The potential for this game is exciting, but the community is what made me stick around. Most people will gladly give you tips on how to play your role, information about lore and strategy, and in the end, I made a few friends playing this game.Hope to see you guys out there.-Captain Rubyknight"
76561198026890611,Recommended,252870,27982366,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Castelliaro,It's a very good game and it's have a big future.
,Recommended,252870,27558460,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Agisto,Its rather entertaining
76561197985025424,Recommended,252870,27572753,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,martin,best co-op gamereviewing for steam award badge  (╭ರ_•́)
,Recommended,252870,27594146,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,natekfl,"This game is fantastic. No one job is harder than another, and it really captures the essence of co-op. You really have to work together or else you will fail. This game deserves more recognition, it is really great!"
,Recommended,252870,27612660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Boostless :P,STAR TREK SIMULATOR 201610/10 would Star Trek again.
76561197966624974,Recommended,252870,28222731,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Utandar,Great fun with friends
76561198320622390,Recommended,252870,27375832,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NuclearTomat42o,gg
76561198088297680,Recommended,252870,27373334,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tn550,is good
,Recommended,252870,27648605,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[JAC & SRP] Josua27176,Awesome Game! Realy love being able to control every aspect of the ship!
,Recommended,252870,27774626,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,►Infinite Typing Monkey Machine◄,This game is so much better than the trailer or description shows. Easily the most fun I've had in a long time. Ontop of that the Co-op aspect of the game means that everyone is very friendly and are willing to help you out when trying to learn the complex and evolving nature of running the ship.10/10 would pay full price again if needed.
,Recommended,252870,27660781,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeCheese vi Britannia,"This game is SO underrated. If you can persuade a group of friends to buy this with you, it is worth the money and more. It forces you to work together in a hardcore experience, and despite being a co-operative game, it also manages to capture the loneliness of space, along with some humour when the one guy on a huge space station sends you on a journey to find a sandwich because he is hungry."
76561197967690161,Recommended,252870,26980364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cyristvirus,One of the best games I could ever play. I played this game for 10 hours without stopping and still wanted to keep going. I hardly even got started. It was amazing and look forward to playing with my friends again. First game ever that took teamwork.
76561198123485130,Recommended,252870,26998789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pikoli,"This game is beautiful and so overlooked its sad. Although graphics aren't the best, and there is some lacking content in missions, the game is so deeply complex and entertaining you get drawn in and you want to do and figure out everything. This game deserves more attention and i hope it comes out of early access so others see its potential."
,Recommended,252870,20590266,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bojan,so good
76561198074301979,Recommended,252870,26939947,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shunneyz,Great game and always updating
,Recommended,252870,26927871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wild Celery,Really fun game to play with friends and it is like a mission based no man's sky7/10
76561198142574172,Recommended,252870,26873770,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cars0419,"When I first saw this game it was everything I wanted. It was a game where you could go on an adventure, command your ship, get the feel of a real ship battle, accept quests, trade, and explore new places. Also, the developers are constantly updating the game. I feel as if this game is small, but will become something bigger in the near future."
,Recommended,252870,27068832,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jackhammr,"Great game; imagine FTL but in 3d and each crew member can be controlled with a player, and instead of using scrap for upgrades you buy or salvage them off of ships. Lots of replayability, tons of secrets, great with friends. Probably my favorite space exploration game that's also multiplayer."
76561198060426562,Recommended,252870,26863651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goateee,That little gem that nobody ♥♥♥♥ing knows about!
76561198089284399,Recommended,252870,21478190,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,creeperbane,Shennanigans.
,Recommended,252870,26608490,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kraylion,Basically FTL that is 3D and multiplayer. Amazing. 11/10
76561198041802960,Recommended,252870,33019653,Posted: 29 June,all,Americium,"Very creative game; not a ton of content, but it is actively being developed with updates coming out regularly.Even though it doesnt feel nearly complete, i have no regrets paying the full price - let alone one of the sale prices. Buy it!"
76561198042980795,Recommended,252870,33369932,Posted: 8 July,all,Mucoviscidosis,Best first person space game ever! Please finish soon!
76561198345594451,Recommended,252870,28236736,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GTWgames,over all this is such a good game in game play as well as looks a few bugs but not t hat bad would defanly recommend this to other people
,Recommended,252870,33433646,Posted: 10 July,all,How much is money?,Great game! We had such a blast in coop.This is the game to live your starship bridge simulation fantasy.Definately a must buy.
76561198006740939,Recommended,252870,33497778,Posted: 13 July,all,Krow,Total Blast to play. Best played with a full crew of players.
,Recommended,252870,33524799,Posted: 13 July,all,Gooby,"Excellent game,  great concept. Looking forward to more patches!"
,Recommended,252870,24505238,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,radGeist,"So, I just picked this game up for ♥♥♥♥♥ and gigs, saw it had a good review and decided why not? So far this has been a GREAT decision; the atmosphere is incredible. You start with a 5 man crew, you can essentially choose which class you wanna be out of the five and you go out and explore what seems like thousands of locations. You get to level up perks, upgrade your ship and equipment, every planet you encounter has been explorable so far that i've seen. It's a little overwhelming when you first start, but you'll get the hang of it after a while, things can be explained in the Game Manual or a player guide if you need it."
76561198002427894,Recommended,252870,33490445,Posted: 12 July,all,DaHalpis,"The coop game we all have been waiting for, and the coop game we still do. Needs polishing and content ran out too fast for me. I highly recommend but wait for next big update."
,Recommended,252870,33549960,Posted: 14 July,all,JDat,"Pulsar is a great, fun game to play with at least 2 more friends. I wouldn't play with any less than 3 people, it just doesn't make sense. Optimal 5 people but you can get by just fine with 3. Other than that you go around a galaxy completling missions trying to ally with either the Coloniol Uninon or some other company that i forget the name for. Its fun to play with a few friends and you can sink many hours into it"
,Recommended,252870,24821187,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Turbografx16,"this game is trash and ♥♥♥♥ canada for tricking me into buying this trash.devs aren't money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, but the game as it exists is pretty barren. feels like a tech demo.Edit: It's been a year or so since i first played the game and the Devs are still updating it.It's still trash but now it's endearing trash: The people behind it clearly really care about it."
,Recommended,252870,32044880,Posted: 29 May,all,Podrock,Great game for team-focused space combat and exploration
,Recommended,252870,32051811,Posted: 29 May,all,JediGamer62,"Personally I have found this game very fun to do with friends and it requires teamwork to keep your ship going. I really hope the developers add some sort of pvp with ship to ship combat with the ability to interact with other crews as not only could you form alliance​s, but you could engage in a more challenging form of combat where you have to predict real people instead of AIs."
,Recommended,252870,32120452,Posted: 1 June,all,Larry The Lamp Guy,"Ok let's make this an organized review:-PROS-*You have 5 very unique classes to choose from*Your choices matter*Unlike in most games, your ship isn't the utlimate battle weapon, it is fairly matched with other ships*You are assigned missions to do and with refusing those orders ends up in a loss of rep*The combat is so in-depth, I'll write more below*The planets are very unique, each one of them has a little base and there's always somebody with a mission*The multiplayer is very fun (it's where the game stands tallest)*The gameplay is very hard to get bored of-CONS-*Singleplayer is very boring*Bots are very stupid (PiBot will randomly crash your ship into things)*The distress signal only makes it so somebody bargains 600 credits for 3 fuel cells-UPDATES WE NEED-*Skirmish mode*Make the AI smarter*You can trade classes in-game*More weapons (maybe for the ship a minigun that does about 5-12 damage per hit)*More ship choices*More lifeforms on planets (entire planets usually only have 7-11 people, maybe a civillization on a few planets would be nice)-BATTLE COMMENTS-Ok, the ship-to-ship battle:There aren't any simple ways to win a battle, most battles there is more than one way to win. The engineers have to keep an eye on the core temperature. The pilot has to keep the ship maneuvering. The captain and weapon spec. have to fire the weapons. And the scientist has to keep adding and getting rid of the viruses."
76561198206208069,Recommended,252870,32115295,Posted: 1 June,all,Wakfu350,Very  fun but  to get in a  game with other people unless you start one
76561197986398144,Recommended,252870,32142147,Posted: 2 June,all,Fear Death,"Lots of fun with people, even more fun when with awsome people"
,Recommended,252870,31615634,Posted: 7 May,all,Ansemist,"Okay, so here is the deal.I wanted to have a game just to live out the Firefly experience, and it does a great job.This game, in its EARLY ACCESS stage is incredible. I threw 9 hours at it with 4 other /RANDOM/ people in ONE SITTING. Together we did things like explore planets (and pick up quests), fight enemy ships (we became pirates after awhile), and fight to keep our ship alive in so many instances that when we prevailed, you felt the accomplishment.This game has a lot to offer, and it does have its bugs (character customization and occasional graphical glitches). I got this when it was half off, and it's already paid for itself in the fun I normally would get from a 12$ game.Highly recommend. Better with friends, but the randoms don't normally troll you. I would suggest figuring out how to work a MIC and join a ""MIC's ONLY"" game for best results."
,Recommended,252870,31614333,Posted: 7 May,all,Doom Cookie,"You and your friends are the crew of a spaceship. Everyone plays one of five roles, and you go on sci-fi shenanigans throughout the galaxy. There are some really interesting places to explore and quests to do. The spaceship combat is quite enjoyable, though it feels like it lacks some punch. The foot combat is very lame. However, the game is a lot of fun to play, and the developers dish out regular updates. They have been very open with the development, very frequently keeping the community in touch, and they're just generally showing everyone how to do Early Access correctly. As it is, if you get the game with four other friends, you'll have hours upon hours of uninterrupted fun, and you'll be supporting developers who simply deserve the money they're asking."
,Recommended,252870,31622108,Posted: 8 May,all,RaincoatsGeorge,"For those on the line in terms of VR. I played the game for a while without the VIVE on. Great game. Felt like FTL in FPS form. I put the headset on fully expecting it to be a vomit bomb. I had heard poor reviews of the VR conversion.Totally wrong. This is one of the best VR games I've played. Now I'll admit I havent tried room scale and I havent tried with the VIVE controllers. I've only played in the seated position but they account for VR with a cone of vision as you move and spin around. I get sick from EVERY ♥♥♥♥ing VR game and this gave me 0 nausea. I'm actually totally blown away by that. In VR even though the graphics are fairly basic the experience is amazing. Controlling the ship in VR with a full team is a whole new experience. I'm so impressed.If you have any doubt, know that I hate gimmicky games, this is well populated and well worth the investment."
,Recommended,252870,31635432,Posted: 8 May,all,JimFace.Jpg,This game is almost everything I've wanted in a space sim. Only downside is repetative feeling and no way to fight other crews ships
76561198136725354,Recommended,252870,31633601,Posted: 8 May,all,Apple,"I love this game the gameplay is nice and the people you will meet are nice,the tutorial once you find it is really good and goes in depth to all the diffrent classes"
,Recommended,252870,31636870,Posted: 8 May,all,CiriusFodder,"This is a cross between Star Citizen and Artemis.  Great fun if you have a well behaved crew, but like all MMOs not as much fun if the crew is filled with jerks.  Still worth buying if only to play with friends."
76561198125153616,Recommended,252870,31626822,Posted: 8 May,all,Viktor Vaughn,"Engineering was out to lunch, turned out coolant off while trying to warp out of a battle and our warpcore went into meltdown.10/10"
,Recommended,252870,31624539,Posted: 8 May,all,Mountain Jew,"-met up with a bunch of random guys-flied blindly-blind jump-crashed into a meteor-""your crews have perished""-repeatRated it 10/10"
,Recommended,252870,31639451,Posted: 8 May,all,Spoopy Scery Skeltal,"Great game when it comes to gameplay. The VR needs some work, but obviously that will come. The main downside is that the captain controls how much the other players are aloud to spend, and the credits are pooled to the entire crew. I feel that either the credits should be for each individual, or that the captain should not be allowed to control spending limits. Not once have I been able to buy any items due to this."
,Recommended,252870,31657807,Posted: 9 May,all,SymonDave,"Brilliant Game, lots of fun and plenty of people playing. All the different crew members each have plenty of jobs to keep them busy and the universe is big enough and fun. definitely recommend. especially with a flight stick for piloting."
,Recommended,252870,31656815,Posted: 9 May,all,Golden Engi,">decide to play with random people as captain>people join>off to a bad start, few of us actually know how to play the game and i send us five jumps away from the mission system>we regain our bearings and start doing actually good>take out an enemy ship with minimal damage>doing colonial union missions, being good boys>power flickering several times>engineer running around extinguishing things that aren't flames>starts powering down essential systems>gets kicked and all leave except me and the pilot>new crew joins, takes their places>we do a few more missions>come across ship that threatens us>try to negotiate>""no"">shields down almost instantly>weapons guy afk>i take control of guns>fire off some shots, take out their shields>explosion>see the emptiness of space as our debris gets scattered9/10 honestly one of the coolest and (unintentionally) funniest games i've ever played"
76561198101953959,Recommended,252870,31699725,Posted: 12 May,all,flergdwarf,Great game to play with some mates and a really cool idea for a game
76561197977490161,Recommended,252870,31669784,Posted: 10 May,all,_Az_,"I've already had a ton of fun with friends in this game, I can't wait too see more!"
76561198000609847,Recommended,252870,31687963,Posted: 11 May,all,ViperGuyMike,"PULSAR is great fun with friends, although I haven't tried joining a random crew yet. I have always played as the captain with my group, so my view of the game is solely based on this perspective.Initial impressions: We started off in a W.D. Destroyer which is an armored warship, and we ran around friendly space picking up missions and upgrading our reactor, weapons, hull plating, cyber warware capabilities, etc. We never have a full five man crew, so we add bots to fulfill uncrewed positions. As we learned more with each warp and encounter, we learned how to demand credits from science vessels and other weaker ships. I have learned how to tweak the AI's to VERY effectively follow my orders and accomplish our goals.Warping: First, the captain sets a waypoint to whichever system they desire. The pilot then aligns the ship while the engineer begins charging the warp drive. If you're currently getting smashed by a more capable ship or even boarded by another crew, hopefully your science officer has an available warp charge program to run to instantly charge the drive and maybe a thurster boosting program to help speed up the pilots aligning. When all is ready, the engineer will see his warp computer display the "" Jump to *** "" button. There are science and engineering computers both on the bridge and in the science and engineering sections of the ships, so the captain can press the jump button from the bridge if the engineer is busy extinguishing fires or rerouting power down in engineering. If all else fails, the captain can unlock the ""Emergency Warp"" button, which anyone can then press...but this usually results in death anyways. Once in warp, the captain has the option to skip the warp and immediately land in the new system if they think the ship and crew are ready.Ship Combat: In combat, the captain assigns a target, and then issues orders which may be preset or custom orders. The engineer then reroutes power and works to keep the reactor under control as they or the captain sees fit. The weapons officer is controlling turrets and missiles during this time, and can even target certain systems on enemy ships. The science officer is controlling the shields as well as conducting cyberwarfare and scanning during this time. Scans of the enemy can reveal where they are routing power (sometimes revealing weaknesses) while viruses and firewall programs can be used to attack and defend ship systems. Cyberwarfare can greatly affect a battle such as the Sitting Duck virus to stop a fast agile ship in its tracks, or the Phalanx virus to take the shields down on that destroyer with a huge reactor and shields. There is much more to it, but its fun and doesn't seem overwhelming while playing like some other space games.Boarding: Once a ships quantum shield (not to be confused with their regular defensive shield) is down, anyone can  teleport to that ships teleporter pad. This allows you to teleport to enemy ships during battle and capture their ship systems which they have to recapture before they can use them again. This can stop an enemy ship from being able to warp, conduct cyberwarfare, regulate its shields, fire weapons, etc. If you really want to take your time with an enemy ship and search their cargo, you can capture all their stations, and then your captain can press the ""Capture"" button on the bridge of the enemy ship to take over that ship. You may have to shoot your old ship to get its shields down before being able to teleport back unless you shut down the shields manually.Capturing and switching ships: As I mentioned previsouly, you can capture a ship during an engagement. You can even attack an allied ship and board and capture it once its shields are down. Once you capture a ship, as long as your shields are down on your old ship, you can teleport back and forth. You can find the cargo crates and press ""R"" on them to transfer them to the other ship. If your new ship has an extracter, you can attempt to extract modules off of the other ship. Once, you're finished, blow up the old ship and fly through the debris field to see what you can pick up.Stations and Repair Depots: You can fly into repair depots, drop your sheilds, and then hail the depot to request repairs...or you can just teleport to the depot, kill the guard, and access the repair computer yourself without spending any credits. You can't dock with stations, but you can hail them on comms to buy and sell or refit your ship. You can also teleport to stations to look for missions or buy goods.There is more to the game than what I have mentioned, but at least you begin to see what you can do in PULSAR. This most likely isn't a game that you will play for two thousand hours, but the social interaction is fun and sometimes quite hilarious. The graphics are nice in their own way, but in no way realistic looking. All that being said, I feel PULSAR is well worth the buy."
76561198147164160,Recommended,252870,31710054,Posted: 12 May,all,FlashTheDash,"i think it would be cool if you could choose your faction (for a specific ship), custimize your ship before launch, and have multiple crews in a galaxy. just some sugetions! plz consider"
,Recommended,252870,31737582,Posted: 13 May,all,White Rhino PSO,"The concept of this game is absolutely amazing. You're one of five crew members of a star ship, and every position has their own job to do to keep it moving through space. Pilots fly the ship, and make sure the side with the guns is facing the enemy. The Science officer scans sectors and vessels, and uses viruses to mess with an enemy's systems. Engineering keeps an eye on the core, and adjusts power consumption as needed. And the Weapons officer keeps the guns and missiles firing.Between bouts of space combat are the moments where the crew can temporarily leave the ship. Maybe it's to a friendly station for trading and repairs, or to investigate a distress signal coming from somewhere on a planet's surface. Or maybe they're just sneaking off to a hostile ship to try and take it over for a little space piracy.So, do I recommend this game for other people to buy? Definitely - though I feel I have to qualify that recommendation.PULSAR is designed to be played by five real people working more-or-less together. The developers did add a system where a vacancy in the crew can be filled with an AI-controlled 'bot, who are extremely useful, but definitely not perfect. For example, I was playing as the Captain position of a ship, and I was able to set things up so ordering the ""emergency jump"" command to the crew would make my Pilot navigate toward the next set of coordinates along my plotted course, and Engineering would start charging up the FTL drive in an attempt to run from battle.Theoretically, the game could be played alone, with the help of those 'bots. Just know that it will be a fair bit harder, as well as somewhat more boring in the long run. For instance, in the same example I mentioned above, I still had to physically run over and press the ""jump to coordinates"" button on the Engineering console myself. When I went to repair my ship at a depot, I would have to take control away from the Pilot to move the ship into position, run to the other end of the ship to cut power to the shields, run back to the bridge to pay the repair fee via the communications system, and then do it all again in reverse before I could be on my merry way.For someone with one to four other friends who will want to play something like this together on a regular basis, PULSAR is definitely worth the full $24.99 asking price. For someone like me, who ends up playing any and all games alone, it would probably be better to wait for the game to drop in price during a sale."
76561198215468955,Recommended,252870,31724180,Posted: 13 May,all,thelonescout,If you love star trek this is the game for you so come and buy this game for $25 00 and you get so much content also don't let the graphics fool you it is still a great game that might be $50 00 in the future
,Recommended,252870,31725881,Posted: 13 May,all,Scoods,"1-5 player space exploration co-op. I really enjoy the fact that everyone has their own job to do around the ship to keep things going. The jobs aren't difficult, but there's enough there to make you feel busy and important. It's pretty immersive and overall I've found the random public teams I've joined have all been enjoyable. There's a lot of replay value, too."
76561198370767009,Recommended,252870,31736511,Posted: 13 May,all,bugaboo75,great game but there shuld be a game mode for the infection its to strong and spreads to fast your never ready for it when it attacks you other than that best game iv played .... but plzzzz make a no infection game mode the just isnt fun whith the infection in it thats all i have to say
76561198056404391,Recommended,252870,31242085,Posted: 19 April,all,Admiral Ackbar,"I really love this game loads of content and hours of fun to have.I cant wait for new featrues especially more ships!Some suggestions i had was shuttles, i think they would be a great add on to new ships maybe even hireable ai crews at stations that are controled by each commander of each section and the captains incharge of all of it.Just some thoughts on the game but in conclusion i love it!Thanks Leafy Games"
76561198269197238,Recommended,252870,30112048,Posted: 22 February,all,nubs,Love the game even tho it in a early acces can wait to see it devloped!!
76561198292217519,Recommended,252870,25902010,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ROTTON,hi after the updates all my ship component are dismantel in middle of no where near the strading station or base. how the heck can i continue this game? i am disspointed.FIXED
76561198201450005,Recommended,252870,26561490,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EmeraldPig7,-Joined random server.-Became weapons specalist.-We fight a W.D. Cruiser.-I arm a nuke and accedenaly fire it.-I Srcrew the whole crew.10/10 would screw whole crew again.
,Recommended,252870,29307991,Posted: 16 January,all,Vutta,Its good and all but I itnhk you should sort of work on more setting for low end PCs and optimize it for low ends
76561198042163355,Recommended,252870,25662269,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,bluedrop,Will any of you realise the shifty engineer has turned off the oxygen before you all suffocate?; Simulator 2016
,Recommended,252870,30290150,Posted: 2 March,all,LeeTheFlea[GE/SWSB],Good game.Bought it in early part of being on steam.Content is the part that will continue to be added too.The improvements for the bots has been great.  They work so much better.A new ship and adjustments to other has brought better game play.
,Recommended,252870,30121593,Posted: 23 February,all,The Fresh Nana,Love using nukes at close range :D11/10 would nuke again
,Recommended,252870,30269508,Posted: 1 March,all,Sammo!,"This game has alot of potential, it depseratly needs more content and story but it is rich with some core gameplay that keeps it interesting."
76561198082542966,Recommended,252870,31066484,Posted: 10 April,all,U.D.M.A.5,An extremely good game.
,Recommended,252870,31067119,Posted: 10 April,all,Tally,5/7 nifty meme
76561198300053966,Recommended,252870,31067169,Posted: 10 April,all,rileyjohn31,"AMAZING game. As long as the players play their respective roles properly, it's a really great experience. It can be highly technical if you want it to be, but if you don't, it can also just be messing around. If you like being strategic and logical, go for the captain or engineer class. Like driving games? Go for the pilot. Just want to shoot things with big lasers in space? Use the weapon specialist. It really does have something for just about anyone."
,Recommended,252870,29287164,Posted: 15 January,all,Splanoot,"Overall this game is good, I enjoy the roleplay aspect of it and like the exploration of the galaxy.This game is Space Engineers mixed with Quintet. It takes the better sapects of both and makes a really cool game.The game could be a little more optimised for smaller computers or laptops."
,Recommended,252870,29254466,Posted: 14 January,all,FailAtLifeMuch,This is a game that no matter if you have friends who have this game or not it is fun. With friends you can have a lot of fun with a vast amount of missions and great difficulty curve you will have a lot of fun for hours. Plus you will find a role that you love and will become an expert at. Even being solo you cna meet a lot of friendly people as the community is mostly very nice and talkative.This is worth the pickup and although there are a few bugs and problems with the game in the future this will be an exceptional game.
76561198346001271,Recommended,252870,29281467,Posted: 15 January,all,Agent buch,Great game recomend it to any one who loves space.
76561198074469598,Recommended,252870,29418091,Posted: 22 January,all,Zenekex,I love Pulsar. It is one of my favourite games even though I have barely played it and haven't made even a slice of the way through the quests. What I think would make this game better though is adding more larger ships that can hold more turret and maybe large carrier ships that hold littler ships in that you can fly. That would be really cool. Also if you can make it a MMO or something. Like so that there could be 10 different ships flying around that you can fight each other and talk to each other or work together if you wanted. That would be sick.
,Recommended,252870,29409785,Posted: 21 January,all,Mezzfit,"This game is as close to a Star Trek ship simulator I've ever seen. It's still pretty early beta so there is not much content and the graphics aren't super, but it's some of the most fun I've ever had playing spaceships."
,Recommended,252870,29322703,Posted: 17 January,all,A s t r o n a u t,"Pulsar is amazing.. But it has its ups and downs. Devs, if you find this please read the cons.Pros.- Amazing community from my experience.- Great ship/power mechanics. (But could use polishing)- ship designs are almost flawless.- The colony systems are great, but more different missions should come soon.- everything about ships and mechanicsNow the cons, this did really change my view on the game once I discovered them.- The AI. Only for the robots inhabiting planets. Ship ai and all is good. But the AI on planets needs improvements.. all it seems to know is slightly swerve and head towards the enemy (me). All you have to do it hop on a rock and then just sit there while you kill them. Also, they cannot avoid obstacles.- Some of the dialogue is a little weird.. but the single con I see is the AI..So, all in all this game is amazing.. I highly recommend this game.. go ahead and try it out if your up for the challenge!"
76561198121026451,Recommended,252870,29344709,Posted: 18 January,all,Rocker113,"This game provides what I was never able to achieve myself: frien... I mean human interaction.In my first game, I found a way to be useful: piloting a death ship. This was gr80 m80. The controls were easy enough to be able to do stuff without puting♥♥♥♥♥♥in blender. After a very noice 4-5 hr session. The crew parted ways and that was that. But, the memories I was left with were amazing to say the least.This is my story, I am legend...-------PROS--------------------+Great mechanics and gameplay+Each roles bring a different side of the game+Variety in spaces+Developer is very active in the community and with updates+Not too buggy------NEGATIVES----------------Missions dont provide much variety-Planets are not too interesting-Graphics are not great (Not important)-----VERDICT-----8.5/10Would definitely recommend, especially if you are into Star Trek or interactive space games."
76561198019289783,Recommended,252870,32536473,Posted: 18 June,all,Quigle,"This game is great to play with friends. You get the feel of being on the bridge of the star ship Enterprise. The core gameplay elements are all very modest, but they've absolutely nailed the feel being the bridge crew on an exploratory journey through space."
76561198098445180,Recommended,252870,31874197,Posted: 20 May,all,FormalCyborg,"Captained a Space ship, had a good crew, Went into combat, killed things, got destroyed by a security drone10/10 Would die again"
,Recommended,252870,32697605,Posted: 23 June,all,Miserygut,"Good fun, best played multiplayer with voice comms."
,Recommended,252870,32910077,Posted: 27 June,all,Woodsy,Good stuff
,Recommended,252870,32752429,Posted: 24 June,all,Uige,"We jump to a new sector on our way toward our quest. Immediately red lights start blaring and alarms are going off. I look out the window and yell ""ITS A BLACK HOLE!"" Approximately one second later we blew up..."
,Recommended,252870,32597043,Posted: 20 June,all,IR / Jamon,"This game is really fun! I've played with 2, 3, and 5 players, and it definitely gets more fun the more people you have on the ship."
,Recommended,252870,33639865,Posted: 18 July,all,undiscorded,great game but could do with more ships and larger planets
,Recommended,252870,30841816,Posted: 30 March,all,Fyyar,10/10 Starship sim with friends
76561198186080019,Recommended,252870,33890935,Posted: 29 July,all,swedishmafia csgolive.com,"this is a fun game but there isnt a whole lot of content being in its early stages. the map is huge and it can take hours to go through all the areas on the map. the problem is is that there are not enough players, one thing that i beleve will bring players back is if the devs do something similer to Starcitizen, where they have most of all players on 1 server crews of 5 per ship and every one is in the same galaxy."
,Recommended,252870,33537072,Posted: 14 July,all,XxX_Faggot_Loser_XxX,"Its like no mans sky, But I don't want to kill myself"
,Recommended,252870,33885415,Posted: 29 July,all,JagerBandit,one of the best games ive ever played!
76561198144555824,Recommended,252870,34521031,Posted: 26 August,all,Benz Machine,"Good Game, fun gameplay, updates frequently"
,Recommended,252870,34485513,Posted: 25 August,all,Epicmarkvan,"Great game, fantastic in fact. Whether you're messing around with friends and sabotaging your own ship or going straight Roleplay mode and having Scotty beam you up, it's loads of fun."
,Recommended,252870,34457919,Posted: 24 August,all,The Abby,Great Co-opGood Community.
76561198149825002,Recommended,252870,34512618,Posted: 26 August,all,jayops10,one of best games i have played takes a bit to learn and is very hard to play if you dont have a crew of real people bots dont have the best AI but if you have a full crew it is very fun to play if you like flying a ship overall the game is pretty fun cant wait for more updates. :D
,Recommended,252870,34565419,Posted: 28 August,all,Rexitis,"Of couse I played this with my friends, becuase going solo kinda sucks. The ships are nice, and the overall gameplay inside of the ships are pretty great. The game suffers with its planets, the planets are a laughing stock. Some are better than others, but all of them need some improving. Overall pretty decent game, but playing with friends is what really makes it fun."
,Recommended,252870,34562332,Posted: 28 August,all,Iivaitte the Alchemist,"Its a great Multiplayer game, if you can get your friends to stop arguing with eachother.Highly reccomended for trekkies everywhere, Its unique and requires plenty of teamwork."
,Recommended,252870,34692936,Posted: 2 September,all,1st Sgt. Cloryon [34thID],Pulsar is a team base game that shows there isnt a I in team  you cant run a ship by your self it requres a team effort at all times thats what i like most about it
,Recommended,252870,34753374,Posted: 5 September,all,Haydents10,Really fun game to play
,Recommended,252870,34624575,Posted: 30 August,all,Bobcards,"Good, but needs a LOT of work.First off, the game is too hard to play casually.It restricts you in how you want to play.For example, I dont want to get into fights because I am afraid of raising my chaos level and then dying."
,Recommended,252870,29594527,Posted: 30 January,all,The Rampaging Tides,"This game is amazing, but it needs more work like AI improvement, polishing along with more busy work (IMO) for some of the roles. For what it is now however I still recommend this game to group of friends to play together, keep up the good work Leafy Games!"
76561197971295397,Not Recommended,252870,18300060,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[HigH] GhostOfDaniel,"PLEASE PUT THIS ON SALE FOR LIKE $5 SO PEOPLE WILL BUY IT & PLAY NOBODY IS EVER PLAYING IT!WOULD BE GREAT IF PEOPLE PLAYED IT!  KINDA LAME MULTIPLAYER GAME WITH ZERO PLAYERS!DEVS NEED TO PUT THIS ON SALE IF POSSIBLE! USE THE $$ FROM SALE TO HIRE A FREELANCER WHO CAN HELP ADD CONTENT TO THE GAME FOR ALL THE NEW PLAYERS.NO OFFENSE (AND SORRY FOR ALL CAPS!)Pulsar is incredibly impressive considering the small dev team and their HUGE ambitions.  After years and years of competitive PvP and shooters its nice to have a game that forces players to work together.  Every team member has a special and crucial skillset.  In almost every encounter each member of the team will need to act quickly and coordinate their actions with each other.  Within a few warps and after a couple battles your teamspeak will inevitably start to sound like an episode of Star Trek.  The learning curve is a bit steep but rewarding.  I've played for 25 hours and still have encounters that surprise me, although the main weakness this game has is lack of content.  It can get boring fighting one security drone after another.  The team is adding more and more content and we get updates every week or two.  They are very responsive and professional.DEVS IF YOU ARE LISTENING... here are a few suggestions...-More varied alien creatures (humanoid, insectoid, reptillian, greys, etc)-Special encounters with new species of life (a giant space squid that feeds off shield power for example)-Ability for team members to become INFECTED by alien organisms that can break out of their bodies and infect other crew members...-A medical officer position (and sick bay)Anyway thats it for me, I love this game!!"
76561198145350498,Recommended,252870,35285068,Posted: 29 September,all,☭Cλptλin℟ex☭,Star Trek RPG!!!
76561198173684009,Recommended,252870,35350927,Posted: 30 September,all,Eric,Very different very fun.
76561198110226811,Recommended,252870,35374111,Posted: 1 October,all,Scifisam,A very unique and a VERY fun game to play!10/10
76561198124908457,Recommended,252870,35377885,Posted: 1 October,all,Master Jinky,Awesome game amazing with friends 10/10
,Recommended,252870,35473898,Posted: 4 October,all,Morgan Semen,Loading up a game with a friend. We gather some missions and head out on our smuggling missionFTL jump straight into a giant spacesquid panic and die10/10 Would crash into spacesquids again
,Recommended,252870,35482800,Posted: 4 October,all,Frank,Love this game.  The class-based gameplay really encourages teamwork and proper specialization.
76561198008062285,Recommended,252870,35504995,Posted: 5 October,all,Kill3r n00b,Jump in with a random group of strangers and find out just how quickly the galaxy can turn from your oyster to your coffin. Or with a group of friends and discover how quickly you all die as a team.
