user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,253150,12230749,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Coda,"Halfway is a pretty looking sci-fi turn-based strategy RPG, otherwise known as an instant purchase for me. The game looks, runs, and sounds great, with its pixel style retro look and low key, mood setting sci-fi soundtrack. Without even playing, I could tell this would be something I would enjoy on principle alone, but then I played it.The game flow is par the course for the genre. You move, they move until one side is dead. However, in Halfway, the mechanics are the first stumble. People who've played in the genre can guess the nuances: there's cover bonuses for you and the enemy, certain weapon types perform better up close or far away, and each squad member even has unique statistics and abilities. Some can cover more ground, others can take more hits. Very quickly, however, I realized that while all the pieces and formulas for a great game are there, Halfway seems to have skewed the numbers diastrously. Spot an enemy out of cover down a hall, well within your weapon's given effective range? Expect a base 25-30% chance to hit: that's all. You can, fortunately, give up your squaddie's move for that turn in exchange for increased accuracy, but wait, it merely climbs to 50-55%, if that. Expect several turns where neither side will land a hit. Then you need to spend AP to reload, which makes firing without that accuracy bonus pointless. Oh, and now the enemy's shields are back up. Whoops, now you're out of ammo. Yes, in a game where you're at the mercy of 10-50% chances to hit, you are stuck with limited ammunition. In one mission, I spent fifteen minutes chasing two enemy units around a circular room. They couldn't hit me, but I had run out of ammo from missing my own attacks as well, so I had to resort to punching them to death.Well, perhaps my two scrubs would grow up to be gunslinging badasses. I was wrong. I pushed on, and soon my squad jumped up to five. While they all had various, interesting specializations, the game was still taking far longer than it needed too, and not just for the mechanical failings stated above. Halfway is also lacking in several minor mechanics that, when paired with its skewed mechanics, it all build up to an annoyance I can't deal with. No auto-ending turns, no auto-switching after a squaddie uses up his turn, no access to options unless you're at the title screen, very little explanation for the statistics.Halfway would be a spectacular addition to the genre. It almost seems silly to not recommend it solely because hit chances are too low, but while playing, this creates such a maddening environment that I cannot stomach  playing for more than a mission at a time. Guns are useless, and cover and tactics doesn't matter when you're chasing mutants up and down hallways to beat them to death. Playing like that shatters the mood of the game and the point of the genre, and as far as I'm concerned, that is inexcuseable."
76561197969687669,Recommended,253150,11383882,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Scelous,"I initially did not buy this game due to Friggleswitz's review.  I couldn't find much data about Halfway; not from reviews online, not from videos on YouTube.  After he revised his review to be more positive, I decided to buy it.  I'm really glad I did.The ""complaints"" about this game are doing it a grave injustice.  For 11 dollars, I have zero complaints.  The storyline is interesting, the characters each have their own personality and abilities, and I love the music.  Thematically, it reminds me of System Shock 2 or Dead Space.  What irritated me most was the complaint about characters not leveling up.  Every game nowadays seems to include xp and leveling simply to have that mechanic in the game.  It doesn't matter if it adds anything, gameplay-wise; it's just a matter of having numbers that get higher.The way Halfway handles progression is by giving you better weapons -- plasma rifles and flak shotguns -- and it works well.  I don't feel a lack of game without experience points.If you're on the fence and NOT expecting an AAA title, but rather a solid and fun game from an indie developer, then I strongly recommend Halfway."
,Not Recommended,253150,11443825,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Warlord Mal,"I really wanted to like Halfway, I really did. The game has amazing pixel art and a great soundtrack - my favorite since Dustforce's! However, let me bullet point why I feel Halfway is just a ""Halfway"" done game.1- The storyline starts off with a cool half-life type premise. Aliens invading from another dimension. And it happens when the ship jumps, its a cool concept. But the game does not tell you anything for 5 hours of play about why this is happening. For me this was just too much investment to learn so little.2- Combat starts off neat with each character you control having a passive ability and a unique ability to them. The way you increase your power is by equipping better weapons and using stims to increase stats permanently. The problem is that there is a serious lack of variety in weapons...the only thing different between the guns is their range and damage output. This gets boring very quickly as you find out that sniper rifles are the best in every situation due to their long range, ultra high damage, and mid-range magazine. There is no real reason to equip any other gun you get. The same can be said about the armors as well. The game trivializes its own item choices and hampers you with a very small inventory system so that you do not want to keep any other guns around.3- Repetition of design. This game is a linear story with static level design. There is no randomness about this. Now this is not a flaw by itself, but it becomes a flaw whenever each level is the same as the last for five hours. There is very little character interaction, story developments, and interesting combat challenges that make the levels fun. I had fun for the first two hours as I learned the game. My last three hours have been boring and repetitious. Combat is not very interesting as there is not a lot of elements to engage you to move your troops around. You basically shoot until you hit, not needing to get to better cover or use a weapon at the right time. This made me cry as a tactical gamer.4- Itembase. After each mission you get to go to the store to buy goods but you can never buy anything worthwhile, just ammo, shield, medikit, and grenade refills. This sucks! The store gives you nothing to look forward to and should be a reward mechanism in the game. This makes the store feel like an after thought...why not just cram extra refills of stuff in each mission and skip the damn store.TL DR - The storyline, combat, items, and character interaction all suffer from a lot of repetition. I love xcom, the ufo series, jagged alliance, and a lot of other story driven/tactical based games like mass effect..and even indie games that bear a lot of repetition of combat like risk of rain...but this game never does anything interesting with the game foundation it sets up."
76561198032736750,Not Recommended,253150,31210507,Posted: 17 April,all,MrFeyerwire,"I understand that high quality tactical RPG's are few and far between, that people are desperate for a good tactical RPG  like Wasteland 2 , X-Com or Divinity Original Sin. I understand that despite my warning there will be some of you who still buy this game anyway, I just hope you don't pay full price because the game is definitely not worth what they are asking.I should note ahead of time that I am far from one of these easy game carebears, I absolutely love and absolutely need a solid challenge, like the challenge presented by X-Com and Divinity Original Sin. I like to be knocked back a peg and forced to strategize about how to approach a fight for the second time. It isn't the diffiulty of the game that angers me, its the blatant abuse of the Random Number Generators as a lazy mans means to add challenge to the game. I suspect they tweaked the RNG's in a rush as they ported the game to PC, so that they could attract the hard core PC Gamer crowd to their failed mobile game.If decide to purchase and play this game, be prepared for your character building to feel utterly worthless, in theory and in practice. Be prepared for your 75% hit chance shots to miss 75% of the time and expect your enemies to score criticals every other turn. I am stuck halfway through my second attempt at a playthrough , because I chose the New Game + mode thinking that I could build my characters and equip them well enough to survive. Instead what I got is characters with the best gear possible, nearly maxed agility, in cover and still being hit for 16 shield damage on the first hit and then killed on the second hit from ""1"" singular basic enemy and the mission I am stuck on shoves 24 of them into a tight space where they corner you. I cannot find a video of how to defeat this challenge, because it is impossible to do regardless of how your characters are built and armed. I played it 55 times, before I finally gave up . Oh and when I finally gave up, I was almost to the point of tears of rage, something I have never felt before as a result of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t video game. I am sure that the easier difficulties would be equally as pathetic, for the opposite reasons.As far as the rest of the game goes, the storyline is somewhat interesting, but pretty basic and it seems vaguely familiar for some reason. The character development and or character building is pointless or non-existent, the graphics are one step above pixel art. The combat interface is cumbersome and the hit boxes on your inventory are frequently off, causing you to frequently move during combat and always at the worse times, when you were in your inventory screen trying to reload or move an item over to another character. The save system is annoying and only allows autosaves which only happen prior to a mission and after you get back to your home base. Items like Medkits, Shield Repair Modules and Grenades are waaaaay too scarce and cost waaaaay too much, considering how difficult money is to come by in game and how mandatory they become mid to late game.If your looking for a good tactical RPG in the 15$ price range, there are so many better options like Underrail and even Fallout 1 & 2 if you have never played them before. I wouldn't waste a red cent on this steaming pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ I expected so much better than this from Chucklefish, I trusted them and they let me down big time. I bought this game days after its release, after seeing it advertised on their forums. Since it was Chucklefish, I didnt feel I needed to see reviews before buying it and it turned out being a grave mistake."
,Recommended,253150,17072107,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,whitegreyblack,"This is a fairly slick tactical game in the vein of X-COM.  I'll keep this short:Pros:- Nice graphics in a pixel-style with a lot of complexity if you stop to take it all in.- Great soundtrack.- Satisfying gameplay.- Interesting armor options with stat boosts.- A few secrets here and there.- Decent cover system.- Perk system (each teammate has their own active & passive perk).Cons:- The ""retaliate"" feature is interesting yet flawed and could really use an ""overwatch"" to round out the tactical options.- The UI and controls can be touchy/janky at times and it's never quite clear how best to exit out of screens such as container looting.- The ending is a bit more anti-climactic than I would hope for, and the story hints at much bigger things than are ever fully revealed.- You enemies often seem like they have much better accuracy that even your most upgraded teammates, which can make the game feel unfair at times (somewhere around the last 1/3 of the game especially).- Once you start getting upgraded sniper rifles, there is almost no reason to use anything else.- Occasionally a piece of cover seems to not really give much cover at all (the angle at which frontal cover becomes negated is not clear).My playtime was approx 15-18 hours on the first playthrough.Overall I definitely recommend the game to anyone looking for a tactical game with a medium length, if you can overlook some jank and less-than optimal design decisions in terms of rounding out your tactical options."
,Recommended,253150,20507987,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Audish,"I was surprised Halfway hasn't gotten more attention, what with XCOM and other turn-based squad games being so popular in recent years. The promised sci-fi stylings and tactical combat made it an easy sale purchase for me, despite the lack of buzz around it. Once I made it near the end of the game, though, I think I can understand why it flew under the radar. It definitely deserves more attention than it got for what it accomplishes, but not without a few caveats.Halfway starts you off in control of Morten Lannis, a space marine-looking dude aboard a junky colony ship called the Goliath. He's come out of cryosleep way too early only to find the ship overrun with some very unfriendly types, and it's up to you to help him survive. The way you do this is very similar to how XCOM or the recent Shadowrun games operate. Outside of combat you can move around freely, talk with people, and loot containers. Combat is turn-based, with each of your characters having two (and only two) action points per turn. These points can move them around the grid maps (distance dependent on their agility stat) to find cover, attack enemies, reload weapons, use items, and so on.It's a very familiar system with only two real stand-outs, the aiming system and the Retaliate option. Veterans of XCOM will notice that the hit percentages in Halfway are really, really low. Starting out, you're going to see a lot of 40-60% shots even from just a few squares away. The reason for this is that you can add action points to your attack to boost its accuracy. A one-point assault rifle shot may only sit at 50%, but adding your other point might kick it up to 75%. This is less important for shotguns but vitally important for sniper rifles, which have very low base percents but get a huge jump from the second point, simulating the need to set up and aim. As for Retaliate, it replaces the familiar Overwatch response with a sort of revenge, where your character returns fire only if attacked. It's not a bad idea but has very limited functionality in practice, and you're usually better off healing up or reloading if you have an extra action point to spend.Additional characters will join you as you progress, each with their own stats and special abilities. There's plenty of gear to find, including armor (which uses Halo-style recharging shields), grenades, and stimpaks which can permanently raise character stats. You'll need to use everything you find because enemies in this game do not screw around. The campaign spans about two dozen missions, some optional, some multi-part, and all pretty harrowing. Enemies follow the same rules you do, terrible hit percentages and all, but very quickly the game starts stacking the numerical odds against you. By the mid-game you'll be facing up to a dozen foes at once, with the potential to lose a character in a single turn if you're not careful (dead characters revive at the end of combat).This is where the game starts to grate because not only is it a long haul through tons of enemies, there's not much variety to the enemies or the combat. For the first 5-6 hours, you're going to be blasting melee dudes and ranged dudes. Only after the halfway point of the game will you start seeing things other than dudes, but this includes standard threats like heavily-armored turrets that only really add to the frustration. Failing a long mission after a bunch of samey combat is incredibly discouraging, and there are some missions in the middle where this is very likely. Missing three 80% shots in a row is very much a thing that can happen, and I definitely went back and forth between enjoying and raging at Halfway for a few nights, I'll admit.After my last bout of frustration, though, I soon found myself eager to get back to the story. For all the flaws of the combat, the story and atmosphere of Halfway are fantastic. Each of the characters is unique and they all have important relationships that play out through the plot. The banter between them is excellent, with plenty of genuinely funny moments. Even the basic ""ship under siege"" plot has some interesting twists to explore. All of this is told against a surprisingly deep backdrop of dystopian future society, where people are separated by classes and basic human rights have been reduced to an alarming degree.The pixel art is top-notch, with smooth animations, cool visual effects, and fantastic little details to find on every map. Sound is up to the task as well, with some really meaty weapon and hit sounds and a somber soundtrack reminiscent of FTL or Risk of Rain. The interface suffers from some bugs, however, making it hard to click on certain option or map elements, and it's bad enough to be distracting. Between that and the combat frustrations I did consider giving up on Halfway a few times, but I'm glad I stuck it out. For the price it's a rich and engaging strategy game that'll last you 15-20 hours, provided you have the patience to push through the rough parts.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198051758403,Recommended,253150,12480168,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Eliot Rosewater,"Having just finished Halfway, I can say this is an incredible game. From the soundtrack, to the unique enemies and battlefields, this game always leaves me guessing. I soon choose favorites among my squad, which was a mistake. The new types of enemies made it very difficult to roll out with the same squad every battle and expect to come out ahead. Although this 8-bit game doesn't reinvent the turn-based strategy wheel, it does change things i feel are for the better. Unlike X-com, your squad doesn't level up based on combat experience. There are stims which increase attributes and weapons to be found on almost every map. No one dies, they are rendered unconscious until combat ends, (which doesn't always mean ending the level)Recently there was the addition of a map editor, which i have yet to try, but I'm very excited to dive into. I've been told that there will be a place where you can upload your own maps, and be able to play on other's.All in all, this game was exciting (and freakin difficult) until the very end. If a second Halfway happens, you can be sure I'll be picking it up.Hell yeah I recommend it."
76561198009131882,Not Recommended,253150,11526113,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,wayne500,"Halfway starts with a lot of potential but in the end fails by about 1/3 of the way into the game.The game relies on too many enemies and a lack of supplies to make the game ""challenging"".  Before the halfway point of the game I found that the combats were simply too unbalanced to make the game enjoyable.  You are often found needing to use half your team or more to kill one base level opponent when the team is typically out-numbered 3 to 1 while the opponents inflict an equal or greater amount of damge to your team.The designers probably intended creative use of terrain to be an equalizer except the cleverly programed AI uses the exact same tactics and seems to have much better ""luck"" when it comes to hitting their targets.  I lost track of the number of times that the heroes missed with a 70-80% to hit chance.In the end the game ends up a series of combats that degrade into cycle of constant take damage-heal-take damge without the ability to inflict sufficient injury on your opponents in return before being overwhelmed."
76561197990994295,Not Recommended,253150,30513954,Posted: 14 March,all,Lhetre,"First half of the game runs quite smooth, nice settings, nice art, you'd like to interact more with the environment, combat seems to work. A lot of work went into the game and also some good ideas. You feel on a space ship, lighting is just right, decos are Sci-Fi enough, some variations in enemies - melee and ranged, adds interest, sounds are correct. Reading the update news you'll see the effort that went towards balancing the game.Then, ""halfway"" through the game, things change and small glitches become major issues.The story loses interest as dialogues become corny.Team members do not evolve, you'll find some drugs increasing their stats, but you can only use five of them.New weapons have just slightly better stats, even _special_ weapons have just slightly better stats.""Overwatch"" doesn't work - my team hit once in a 19 hours game (once as in only one time).The low hit rate added to low inventory space and low ammo available in any level, means you'll have to use the two action points for each shot, limiting dramatically any strategy to ""run OR shoot OR recharge OR use special power"".Melee becomes nonsense, as any team member out of cover is immediately put out of combat.Levels get longer and longer, ammo stays the same. Once blue and orange armored enemies arrive, combat becomes a drag. Because of the sheer amount of health they have, their shield comes up once or twice before being able to kill them, if and only if all your team member can shoot at the same enemy.Opening the wrong door means one or two of your team will be put out of combat. In a game that saves between levels you are good to start again.You can't see the amount of health of the enemies, if your team members can't shoot or don't have the enemy in their line of sight. I'd like to move and have a last shot at one enemy, but is he dying or in full health? Has his shield regenerated? You can't tell, and one wrong move means the level is lost.Screen centres automatically while you are trying to target enemies farther and farther from your team. At each shot. While you are trying to find the guy.Mouse cursor can't select buttons just under it.Most reviews are truthful and offer the same comments. The same arguments are used for and against the game, so make up your mind. I spent 10 hours playing and enjoying the game, then 10 hours on the last two levels, without finishing the game. It was not worth it."
76561198000896253,Not Recommended,253150,26299066,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RobOda,"One of those games that needs a 'maybe' recommendation.Halfway is a squad based, turn based tactics game. Everyone has two actions, move twice or move and shoot or just shoot (and add movement to the accuracy of the shot %), or use items etc.The story starts off interesting enough, a decent if cliched idea is there but it is never expanded upon. Squad interaction is limited, although there is supposedly tension between the squad members, very little comes of it. It feels an incomplete story, one that moves but never quite gets anywhere.The battles themselves are fun at first, but become an endless grind of frustration. Shots miss with alarming frequency, even high % shots miss so often that really, there's no actual reason NOT to take a low % shot, because it feels as if it is just as likely to hit if you fire at 1% or 99%.On top of that, weapons are unbalanced. Shotguns require closing the distance, and suffer such extreme penalties to aim % that it is not really feasible to regularly use them without putting your squad in considerable danger, especially as a shot from 4 tiles or less isn't always likely to get you anything more than a 50% hit anyway, less if the enemy is in cover.Rifles are the 'average' weapon, but pale in contrast to the superior sniper rifles, that can shoot from miles away and benefit from your squad being static. The mechanics even support it, because you can add your movement points to the shot %, it is usually far better to stand still and take a single shot each round, rather than move and shoot at all.Mechanics of the fight never really change, it is generally 'kill all the things', and even the method of the enemies appearing (a plot point) wears very thin after the 20th battle in a row where you reach an objective only for the 'event' to happen and enemies spawn out of nowhere for a battle to begin.There are a number of squad mates to use, but only a handful are generally useful to bother with. There's no levelling system, though you can adjust character stats with items, they inevitably become stacked towards trying to get them to shoot with a reliable shot %.As such, this is a decent but severely flawed game. It requires considerable patience to get through, and can be insufferably frustrating to deal with. Worth trying on sale if you're a massive fan of the genre, otherwise be fairly warned."
76561198016606468,Not Recommended,253150,30503147,Posted: 13 March,all,arclightshock37,"It's one thing to make luck such a huge portion of the game.  It's another thing to lie about it to the player.  I did some number crunching and found that, after nearly twenty hours of play, shots listed as being between 50-75% chance to hit will hit between 40-45% of the time with only marginal improvement beyond 75% until, of course, 100% hitting 100% of the time (at least they got that part right).  It is extremely disheartening to lose a level after missing four 70% shots in a row and having your entire team wiped and having to start from the beginning.  This is on the easier difficulty.Many of the aspects of this game are very promising.  The atmosphere is good, the graphics are serviceable, the story is intriguing enough to keep you going but only if you ignore truly awful gameplay.  Most will find nothing but repitition and frustration here.  On top of that, the UI is mind bogglingly terrible.  There are no options while playing the game, only on the main menu and you cannot save the game manually in order to reach that menu, you must quit out of the current game and hope it auto saved at some point near your current spot.  You're better off finding a different game."
,Recommended,253150,12683346,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Luciforged,"Good but frustrating.Game started out great, was challenging, had to manage supplies and decide what role characters will play in missions. The further you get into the game the more often you'll find yourself with unconsious teammates waiting until the battle is over if you win. And Squad Sizes are always no more than 4 to start the mission with, even though you have 8 people to choose from. There is also a 5 level limit to how often you can safetly level up your characters, after that it will either make them stronger or alter another stat entirely for better or worse.But then the unthinkable happened. A boss fight requiring me to play as four set people, with two other squadmates I barely used during the game. So I ended up with one person who could aim decently, two shotgun guys that couldnt get close enough to anything before they died in an open room, and another girl who I was thankful she could just shoot bullets in the enemies direction. Top that off with enemies I had to use my most powerful sniper rifles just to put a dent into and it quickly became disaster. The game throughts you for a loop as at this time your so used to only having four members on the team on mission, but it allows you to play as all eight, the mission may actually be doable now.The music is excellent, story is decent. My only complaint is a steep challenge, but game is fun playing a couple of missions every day."
,Recommended,253150,17336121,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Erbkaiser,"Halfway is game where you control a squad of characters aboard a Dead Space-like space ship. The gameplay is turn-based strategy as soon as you encounter enemies, meaning you will need to use action points to move your characters into shelter, reload weapons, fire weapons, use health, etc..As long as any one member of the squad survives, you can even go on if one of your squad mates is killed.Gameplay is very reminiscent of the original Fallouts or X-Com.The story campaign is basically your standard Alien invasion plot, but the actual missions are well crafted and not too long. In between combat you can explore the environments and learn more about the main story.The story is well written and all characters have their specific voice. In combat, everyone has a unique special ability, so you can adapt your gamestyle using this.The visuals are good, pixel art style but with nice features like line of sight (enemies are invisible if they are not in view of any character), interesting screen effects whenever a character is hurt or has an psychologically episode, and the soundtrack is fitting.A very charming game and one I'd recommend to any tactical RPG fan."
,Not Recommended,253150,11417267,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,DeathLog,"The current (v1.04) version of the game i cannot recommend.The whole game has the feeling of an open beta. The art work and game principals a very nice, butthe game balance and dynamics are completely off.Battles, and take up more than 90% of game time are no fun. As reviewed by another user, the onlysuitable tactic is to load a characters shields, and knock down enemies in close combat. Dont bother withthe weapons, they seem completely useless. Enemies will hit you from other side of the screen where u can hardlysee them, and you own characters will miss enemies standing a few feeds away from them.All characters must have had very strong martial arts training :)I guess the developers had no time to test the game and rushed for a early release."
76561197973269730,Not Recommended,253150,17681343,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Nightfire,"I was excited for this game after I saw a Quick Look video for it onGiantbomb. It seemed to have everything I like. I like indie games, I like pixel art, I like sci-fi, and the footage I saw reminded me of XCOM mashed up with Aliens (one of my favourite movies of all time), so I figured I'd give it a shot.Unfortunately, this game does not deliver. The combat is slow and grindy, the UI is clunky, the inventory management is a pain, the story is uninspired, the characters are completely flat, and the dialogue feels like it was written by a twelve year old.It's a shame, because this game has a lot of potential. You shouldn't be able to go wrong with a game focused on XCOM-style combat, but this game manages to take that winning formula and dial it back a notch. Most notably, this game lacks an Overwatch feature, and instead has ""Retaliation"", which can be fine, but only if an enemy decides to target that specific soldier. This makes it difficult to plan any sort of tactical maneuvers aside from ""sit in cover and shoot when it's your turn"". And, unfortunately, that isn't even fun because many enemies are hit-point dumps and are tedious to fight.In addition, the RNG feels broken - you seem to miss all of the time unless your projected hit percentage is over 80%. I don't know if this is a bug or not, but it was extremely noticeable, especially in the earlier levels.The game's environments are beautiful and highly detailed, but beyond that, there is a marked lack of content. There are hardly any interactable objects aside from a few switches and crates, and the game is sorely lacking in enemy types. After five hours into this game, I have only fought zombies and turrets. That's it. There are no security robots, no drones, no aliens, no corporate troopers or anything that could spice up the variety at all. There are a few different zombie types but they are mostly indistinguishable aside from different colored uniforms. There aren't even any passive combat elements like traps or land mines. All you do is plug one zombie after another, in battles that can take a long time to finish.Another strange note I feel I should mention is the music. While well composed, it felt oddly depressing for some reason. I'm not exactly sure why this is. Perhaps I just felt that slow, languid synths just didn't fit the theme of an action-horror game.I think it's quite telling that this game has been available for a year, but only 5% of people who own it have acquired the end-game achievement. Also, this game is fully Steam-workshop enabled, but there are no mods. Like, at all. One person has made a spanish language translation, but otherwise, there seems to be absolutely nothing available.I'm sad to say it, but I regret buying Halfway. I don't know if I'll finish it. I'm a real sucker for sci-fi (even bad ones), but playing this game has felt like a chore, and I'm not sure I want to dump more hours into a game that has disappointed me at every turn.Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,253150,13671982,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Paulotron,"I am almost through the game but I would not recommend it. The story reminds me very much of System Shock 2. The gameplay is cumbersome and very repetitive. There is a lot of dialogue to read (white on black....my eyes like that). Inventory management is gruesome. If you are full of stuff, you can't put stuff on the floor to grab and use a medkit that is in a locker. You have to for example reload your gun to open an inventory slot.The biggest problem is, that the missions are all the same. Grab your sniper rifles (you don't need much else) and kill everything. Cover, tactics, special abilities are not really important.The game is  linear and there is no character interaction possible. It's only 10 € but still...could have been better. Would be a nice game for a tablet maybe.Have a look at one of my videos to make up your mind:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR_NTSDGK3A&list=UUFXeyhyWJ6k2ylzyQOuuEpw"
76561197983320405,Recommended,253150,11387072,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,XXX_420_Bad_Boy [JIZZ_WIZARDS],"There is more heart crammed into Halfway's beautiful pixels and wonderful game design than I've seen in most AAA titles. I'm super happy to recommend this game, which is really what indie gaming is all about. Somehow on a team of three people they've managed to provide a rich and engrossing experience.I really hope they consider expansions, or using the very nice game engine here to create new worlds.My only gripe is the lack of a feature to automatically switch to the last available action or auto-end turns, which is really pretty standard in turn-based games and gets a little irritating to handle yourself after a while. It can screw up the pacing. But ultimately this is a rather small complaint."
,Recommended,253150,11451433,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jedo,"Halfway was a tough tactical TBS game (at least the later half was). It still has a long way to go as far as balancing goes but thankfully the devs have been hard at work balancing the game over multiple patches.Prior to today's balance patch for the final missions, the game somewhat depended on RNG regarding gear drops. I wasn't too thrilled with that after playing the game twice to uncover more secrets and therefore more gear. Fortunately, that same issue has been alleviated with the patch.I would have liked to see greater variation in the character stats. It would be beneficial in my opinion to work with stats in the hundreds rather than the tens so that you could see a major difference between characters. When working with low stat pools, even with stim packs, the characters tend to become similar. The only thing left to differentiate their usefulness is with their passive and active skills.Aside from a few random crashes here and there on the first day of playing, the game was good overall. I thoroughly enjoyed the challenge of the last few missions pre-patch and I'm hoping others can enjoy that too."
76561198120990805,Not Recommended,253150,27917880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tom Mischief,"Cute little tactical strategy game, that starts good and then gets very frustrating due to poor design options.The good:- nice retro-style graphics- nice soundtrack- it's quite fun at first- the story isn't half badThe BAD- there are 4 types of guns, but useable are only snipers. Everything else is unreliable and useless crap.- second half of the game, you will start missing a lot for some reason, while enemy hits you as much as before.- There's no real RPG element to this game- no matter how you would want to use strategy and positioning, 90% of the time when encounter starts, your soldiers will come out on their own and stand in the open due to an in-game cutscene. That's just dumb and infuriating.- I did not know 75% hit chance means ""miss 4 times out of 5"""
,Not Recommended,253150,22481894,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AdderTude,"As much as I wanted to have some weapon variety in the game, it becomes apparent to me from the other reviews (both positive and negative) that the only weapon that actually matters is the Sniper Rifle. As the SN is my favorite weapon, I never head out on a mission unless I have at least Sam or Jenna in my party (usually Sam for the guaranteed crit with Headshot). Little did I realize that RNG is very deceptive in this crap game.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the setting and story and all that. My biggest beef comes from the design of the encounters. The small fry are no problem, but in the later levels, I find myself having multiple issues with the insanely stupid hit chance. In one mission alone, I had three out of four characters miss with a 75% chance or greater in consecutive shots while enemies deal better damage and hit with better ""precision"" despite two conditions: my characters are in full cover and are almost on the other side of the room, far out of operational range for ranged weapons (or so I thought). Multiple times, I found myself raging hard at shots that would otherwise be hits (especially in XCOM; I've never had high hit chances miss multiple times in a row).As for the design of levels, the only difference is the maps. Beyond that, the game conveniently has the ship jump just to spawn enemies. At one point, the game throws nothing but tough melee characters (complete with hard-as-steel shields, which waste one turn just trying to drop them on one enemy) that bullrush your party and hit like trucks in melee. Oddly enough, the damage ranges on the weapons tend to roll the lowest values in melee combat. The same can be said against the armored enemies, which have 1) tough shields, and 2) high damage reduction, which your party has no access to in any gear in the game.I really wanted to enjoy this game. But the difficulty wall slaps you in the face with an incredibly unfair RNG shot system, bullet-sponge enemies in later stages, questionable LOS system, and relatively useless characters later on (not to mention the virtual lack of any actual RPG elements in the game beyond the equipment and ""special"" abilities) make Halfway a promising tactical game that ran a suicide mission and ultimately failed. Skip it."
76561198032773979,Not Recommended,253150,30761990,Posted: 26 March,all,Gorillastache,"I can appreciae some RNG in my tactical games, but more that a little and it gets really anooying whena great strat gets ruined by a hit chance you could do nothing about. And this game is guilty of that more than most. Thought missing shots in Xcom was annoying? It will happen 3 times as much in this game. If you can handle that than go for it, the rest of the game is enjoyable, but it was just so frustrating that I couldn't take it anymore."
,Recommended,253150,12589914,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"If you're the type of gamer that grew up with an SNES or enjoyed the turn-based classics from that era, this may be something you'd be interested in. I read somewhere, somebody had described this as XCOM with a dash of Aliens, and that's not too far off. The gameplay goes fast enough, with gritty, galactic noir throughout. Percentages, a cover system, ranged and melee, even action points. This isn't exactly formuliac, as it's something we'eve never seen before, but it feels familiar to the player, and draws in sci-fi and action fans alike. These indie wonders are true gems in an otherwise graphically-dependent era in gaming. This game deserves to be played."
76561198027781045,Not Recommended,253150,30063604,Posted: 20 February,all,magermanken,"I really want to like this game. I am a huge fan of Turn based tactical RPGs ala Xcom. The graphics are neat in a throwback way. The concept is cool. However the probabilties just don't seem to make sense. The game is like reverse storm troopers. I will be behind cover firing at 71% and miss twice. Use another guy who has the enemy in a cross fire at 68% who will miss twice and the enemy in the middle will deadeye me every shot until i am dead. :) Also I hate that you can't do an (attack of opportunity) You can only do retaliate (which only allows saved action points to return fire if the enemy fires at you) which they don't do, they fire at your character who does not have remaining action points. I think they game has great potential, it just doesn't seem to be cooked enough yet to the point where i had fun playing it. I got to the prison cells and just got bored :(  I wish that wasn't true."
76561197982893207,Recommended,253150,12547549,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Godwin,"Really liked this game.Story is interesting (including the little arcs between the characters), art is really cool, combat is fun.There are many different squad members to find, varied environments to explore, many different weapons to find.Sounds are nice.I think it is mainly the story that kept me playing all the way through to the end."
76561197990128003,Not Recommended,253150,11540949,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Lord Fresh,"Great graphics! Interesting story and sound design. The game itself is great in the beginning, but there is a lot of waiting involved after your turn, while you are waiting for the enemies to move. In the beginning its surmountable but when you start playing with tons of enemies you are can literally be waiting for a full minute for your turn. Even if the enemes are in the ""fog of war"" You will have to wait around, looking at nothing. Im missing a way to speed things up or skip this.I liked playing it for a while and would like to complete it but its literally a waiting game. You do a few moves.. and wait for an eternity while the computer does its moves. In fact so much that I couldnt get my self to play anymore and Im sad to say i couldnt even finish the game."
,Not Recommended,253150,23510994,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cazsim83,"Halfway is a pretty fun game for a shallow good time. Having logged a little less than 40 hours into it, there isn't really any replay value, which would be fine if it were a deeper game, but the encounters become repetitive very quickly. There are some side areas where you can score equipment that isn't on the ""main"" path through the game, but the environments of being on the same ship  and fighting the same enemy types over and over (the game does throw a couple curveballs at you later in the game) just makes it not worth recommending.Overall, a VERY solid effort from the devs and if you *really* like games like XCOM or Fallout Tactics (turn-based mode), then this is worth checking out, but don't expect much depth or actual RPG elements."
,Not Recommended,253150,25978807,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Pugglevania Bloodlines,"You know how in D&D, there are certain spells or skills that automatically hit and don't require a dice roll? Imagine if the DM said ""uhhh that misses actually.""That's how playing Halfway feels like.I've never felt less confident about a shot having a 90% chance to hit than I had while playing this game. You will spend half of your playtime watching both heroes and enemies missing each other, again and again, again and again, again and again. Over and over. Even with the sniper rifles!Actually I should clarify that. YOU continue to miss enemies over and over. The enemies' accuracy implausibly grows over the length of the campaign to the point where enemies have a coin flip chance of hitting you from 20+ tiles away if not better than that. You can spend more AP to give your shot a higher % chance of hitting, but that % chance feels so meaningless in this game. An 80% chance to hit may as well be 25% based on my anecdotal experience.It's not insurmountable as I completed the campaign, it's just TIRING. I'd rather everyone good & evil hit 100% than just watch a bunch of nothing happening with an occasional hit every single turn."
76561198101264707,Not Recommended,253150,16801494,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,b4dr0b0t,"The style, art, story, music, and characters are all FANTASTIC!BUT this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥punchingly brutal. If you enjoy getting your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pushed in then this might be right up your alley.In all seriousness, it falls short of good and enjoyable in so many ways. The gameplay is severely limited by the lack of a few essential mechanics.-THERE IS NO CHARACTER PROGRESSION. Characters do not gain experience, stats, level up, or perks AT ALL. There are some rare items that can permanently boost your stats, but the improvements they grant you are MARGINAL at best.-GIMPED OVERWATCH-Many later levels boil down to gear checks, ie- DID YOU STUFF YOUR INVENTORY WITH MEDPAKS and GRENADES BEFORE DEPLOYMENT? IF NOT, PREPARE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥-CAMERA SNAP BACK. WTF, I put the camera where I want it. Please do not whip my view back to center on the character after any action/selection. I actually got motion sickness from this horrible camera 'feature'.-UNSORTABLE INVENTORY/STORAGE-EXTREMELY LIMITED AMMO/SHIELD/MEDPAK resources.-MOSTLY LINEAR, with a few optional side quests that may actually deplete your resources instead of providing you with more.I really wanted to enjoy and finish this game, but the Bullet Sponges, unavoidable surprise ♥♥♥♥♥slapping, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clenching just won't allow me to.Nice try devs, you hit some aspects like a nail on the head, but maybe you need to be reminded that a 'game' should be fun as well as challenging.Overall Rating: 6/10"
76561198064757612,Recommended,253150,34543736,Posted: 27 August,all,stuntin,"Fully reccomend.I know it's a bit insulting to compare a game to other games in the review but considering the games I consider it more of a compliment. This game is a hybrid of X-COM and Dungeon of the Endless. It's fun, the story and characters are good and the sound design is beautiful. If you like Squad tactics games this is great. A little light on strategy in most places but very satisfying."
,Recommended,253150,22044290,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,glraven,"TLDR: A hidden gem!  The most fun I've had in a game in the past many months.I purchased the game due to a friend's recommendation.  Oh my was it worth it!!This is a turn-based strategy game with tactical squad-based combat.  Despite its pixel art style, the game is surprisingly atmospheric and contains a nice story that kept me interested throughout the game.This is NOT a rouge-like game, and the level design is simply excellent.  For the 18+ hours that it took to finish the game, I did not find any repetitive elements; each mission feels unique and purposeful.  Furthermore, the story did a great job propelling me forward.In terms of the gameplay, all characters have an active and a passive skill.  Different missions will require different team members.  However, there is no need to worry about leveling them up evenly because there is no experience system; you improve their stats by equipping them with better gears and giving them items that brings permanent stat boost.I find the experience satisfying, but if I have to find something to criticize, it will be the lack of death penalty and its limited replay value.  However, with the introduction of modding options, I am sure that there will be new reasons to boot up this game!"
76561197996379743,Recommended,253150,29195222,Posted: 11 January,all,maraudershields,"I'm an old hardcore X-COM fan, and I love this game. Sure there could have been more enemy times, soldiers could level up and gain more stats, but we should have realistic expectations of indie games.I finished the game almost in one go, the time has basically stopped for me, and I only rarely get this feeling anymore. Great  indie game, I hope for sequel."
76561198003036772,Recommended,253150,13928506,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sloul,"Halfway is a very simplistic - but efficient - T-RPG.There is no big ambition behind its name, would it be combat-mechanic nor storyline, but the game delivers.Can't  wait to see what the devs have in store for us."
76561198067779439,Recommended,253150,13500856,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Great Mahoo,"A simplistic, yet excellent turn-based strategy game with just a touch of RPG feel.  The battles are challenging, and make you have to plan out your attacks, without being to difficult to ruin the fun. There is a nice story line you can persue through optional dialogue, which is actually somewhat engaging, but you can skip right to the missions if you prefer.Overall, an excellent game for the low price tag.  Highly reccomend."
76561198120894533,Recommended,253150,31034491,Posted: 9 April,all,BadpunK,"Halfway is a turn-based tactical combat game, with heavy emphasis on ranged attacks and cover. It’s pixel art style is common in recent indie games, but there’s something about the level and character design that evokes older games rather than newer, trendier releases. If anyone’s old enough (or clued up enough on their classic games) then Halfway might be a strangely nostalgic affair.As a straightforward sci fi mystery/horror though, the story is fine. It’s a bit Event Horizon blended with Aliens and Doom, and it pulls you through to the end. No matter how clumsily handled, abandoned space ships are cool. That’s just a fact. There is some minor character progression, generally through small stat boosts and weapon upgrades, but for the most part, the focus is on how best to arrange members of the team in order to maximize damage output and minimize incoming threats.I really like Halfway. As a turn based strategy game with a great atmosphere that offers a steep but engaging challenge, it’s a good game. It’s still a bit limited, but I want to play it. Again. Right now. And that’s surely a good sign."
76561198193227553,Recommended,253150,29186868,Posted: 11 January,all,DNICE,"Why this game is getting a ""Mixed"" tag is beyond me.  I am not a Turn-Based Strategy expert gamer; however, the elements of RPG, Retro, Turn-Based and Sci-fi peaked my interest.The music in the game makes you feel like you are on a ship in space where danger lies in every corner.  The sprite animation is great.  The environment on every level is erie.  You will second guess opening a door because you have no clue what dangers may await you.  The dialogue with the characters throughout your quest is engaging.This game is not complex and fun to play from beginning to end.  As an Achievement enthusiast, I recommended this game.  The Achievements are not difficult to obtain, as you can obtain same in one play through (the Cake Achievement is the only one you really have to look out for)."
76561198017681447,Recommended,253150,20448855,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"A little treasure, I got this on sale after watching some YouTube videos. At the time of the review I’m halfway, to round off…Good: Good graphics old school but with a great deal of detail, an enjoyable story so far, an interesting character progression adding some minor RPG elements. Nice atmospheric music, a few choice missions (you can skip if you want).Not so good: Accuracy changes drastically your miss several times with high chance to hit, but the bad guys hit you first time. A strange overwatch system which is not very effective. Some weapons seem more powerful than others meaning you start to steer towards them for all party members. Some loot can be hard to see due to so much going on (minor issue).Overall a good buy especially when on sale, worth a look."
,Recommended,253150,24532030,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TSED,"Tentative yes.  I would recommend the Shadowrun Returns franchise over it, however.People complaining about miss percentages are probably suffering from confirmation bias.  I felt like I was landing 50% shots about half the time, 80% shots way more often than not, and so on.  Remember that distance and cover play a big role, because it's, you know, a game about that.Very, VERY rudimentary character progression in the form of stimpacks and equipment upgrades.  Stimpacks have a limit to the number you can use and increase a stat by 1 (with I think 4 advanced stimpacks that increase two stats instead of one).   There aren't enough to kit out the whole party.  Equipment upgrades are more logical.The tentative yes comes from how the game doesn't have that much depth.  This is a good thing (easy to pick up and put down) and a bad thing (towards the end you're making dangerous plays to just finish up the combat already).   There are also some balance issues, but they are minor between characters.  The balance issues stem from ""half of your team is going to be using sniper rifles at any time, because they pack a heavy punch and also they have the longest range.  It's really not fair to the short range weapons that are basically the same damage output but have a third of the range (though I did find the Mincer III to be worth using).AI is relatively easy to confuse once you've played a bit.  I used the teleporting character in the final battle to basically tie up most of the enemies.Another con is that there are very few enemy types: there are some palette swaps of the zombiesque crew members, some palette swaps of the turrets, a special other kind of turret, tank-armour-esque zombiethings, a spoiler, and spoiler x2 + spoiler x2 +1.   There's not that much tactical diversity to be gleaned from there, though they do a surprising amount with it.The graphics are beautifully drawn pixel art.  The sound is iffy but the soundtrack is solid.  The story is pretty obvious and frustrating as it doesn't resolve any of the character arcs.  None of the character tension comes to a head, and at the end it appears everyone is separated with no real resolution - just a ""congrats, you survived.""It's a well done little game, and if it sounds interesting to you, try it out.  It's obvious a lot of soul was poured onto the project, and who doesn't like a game where the devs cared?  Just make sure it's the kind of game you want to play: a tactical turn-based slog through a derelict spaceship.Oh, it also has modding tools!  The modding tools look really solid.  Unfortunately, there's only 4 mods in the steam workshop; one is a rebalance of the game, and one is a ""get more inventory space.""  If it had an active modding community it could be on the level of Shadowrun."
,Recommended,253150,33017066,Posted: 29 June,all,dudeanonymous,"This game was very enjoyable despite the cumbersome UI. You can get used to it, but sometimes it can be hard to click what you want if you have two targets close together. It feels like it was designed with controller support in mind, but that is not a feature. So who knows. Anyway, the storyline was good and the game was not super difficult. You need to retreat and turtle up in a few missions which isn't generally my style, but you are a group of 8 when you have all the troops and the crew had thousands of people so it has continuity in that sense. There are also a few parts in which you will need to understand your crews abilities or you will probably not be able to complete certain missions. I definitely restarted some later missions to take the propper group. Anyway if you enjoy tac rpgs this is a good one. It also has a very easy 100% achievement completion if that is your jam."
,Recommended,253150,17026217,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Bropalm,"This is a decent 10-15 hour turn-based tactics game. It was enjoyable enough, but while playing through it I couldn't help but think it needed something more. It's fairly simple and could have used some more complexity and variety. It plays like a simplified XCOM (2012) with added inventory management. Equipment is found during missions, and there's a couple of different varieties of weapons and armor but it's mostly a case of straight upgrades. You find 8 party members, each with one unique passive and active ability, and with stats which you can upgrade using a limited number of stims you find. Most missions will only allow you to bring 4 soldiers though.Towards the end it starts to drag on a bit as you've seen all it has to offer, but soon after that the game ends so I suppose it was a good length. There's not really any replayability since it's a linear game with no random levels, although there are a few optional side-missions. The difficulty is good, fairly hard with a few spikes but managable if you're familiar with similar games. There's also a Hard mode mod you can enable if you wish.It's a polished game, with gorgeous low resolution pixel art graphics and good, atmospheric music. The story and setting is okay but nothing special, it's fairly generic with stereotypical characters and mediocre writing. Good enough for a strategy game, I guess. The user interface is a little slow and cumbersome to use, could have been better but you get used to it.Overall it's a pretty good game for the price, it's not very complex but if you want a light turn-based strategy/tactics game it's a pretty good choice."
,Recommended,253150,33193532,Posted: 3 July,all,Nax_o,Excellent turn based fun. Very few games of this type with such a detailed play area are actually available that would be so well made as this one.  If laser squad games and similar tickled you the right way in the past then this game will do just wonders for you.It does have a slow start though. And learning the key commands for the keyboard and special abilities of the characters is a must even though early on you don't need them but later they are mandatory to survive. Oh and... game is kinda hard. Fights can be really tough sometimes and managing your health/shields and inventory is half the game so read the guides if your team gets steamrolled.
76561197983509381,Recommended,253150,13088469,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GetDUNKED,"Top down turn-based tactical fun, well worth the dollars!Game premise and basic story have all been done before; a soon to retire marine wakes up on-board a space-ship in which the crew have now been turned into zombies. You explore the ship gathering survivors trying to survive and escape!Graphics are sprite based and a bit basic, but they get the point across well enough, combined with the music to create a decent atmosphere.Game-play is age old turn based action points. You want to reload, thats an action point. Combining the usual snap shot and aimed shot premise.Inventory could use some work to make the weapons a bit more interesting rather than shotty mk2 is better than shotty mk1.Not got time for X-COM, play a few levels of Halfway to get your TBS fix!"
,Recommended,253150,11363109,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Oathed,"Good basic indie game. Basic X-Com/Xenonauts with a decent story and mechanics. Cover system isn't perfect but it works. No overwatch, it's replaced with a counter-intuitive ""Retaliate"" option that lets you counter attack but not shoot when the alien/zombie walks in front of you.Enter ends your turn.1 and 2 switches between squad members.Tab brings up some sort of troubleshooting log?WASD moves the map around.Space bar opens up tactical menu.R reloads.X targets and then shoots at nearest enemies.I is inventory and character panel and should be rebound for easy access. Take some time to read the two first soldiers' special abilities, they're pretty good.ALT highlights all objects you can interact with. VERY USEFUL.At 1600x900 on my Razer Blade 14"" it looks a bit miniaturized, I suggest playing on a lower resolution for good visuals on a laptop. No bugs so far, and mostly good teaching mechanics to get you on a very gradual learning curve. EDIT: I highly recommend 1366x768 resolution, looks much better and easier to read text on a laptop. Speaking of text, the dialogue is well done, well paced and not at all wordy. This is a combat game/simulator that's reasonably fast paced, welcome relief if you, like I, didn't enjoy the talking talking talking of otherwise very good Divinity:OS.May be a bit overpriced but if you're a fan of turn-based or squad tactics games or games with decent story then you could do a lot worse than this, so hit upSteamalerts.comand set up an email alert to buy if the price drops to what you're willing to pay. If I wasn't excited about this game then I'd have set it for $10 buy."
76561198027994280,Recommended,253150,31728570,Posted: 13 May,all,Ismaru,"Halfway is a challenging, yet great tactics game. While there isn't a whole lot of depth to it, it's good story and nice graphics they really did a lot of things well. But beware: it's not an easy journey!ProsGood storyline, further enhanced by the difficultyGameplay is smooth and easy to pick upNo hand-holding - as soon as the basic controls and mechanics are explained you are thrown in the deep to go figure it out yourself. It matches the unsure and tense situation that the characters are in, and it's difficult challenges that await....and after I finished the game by the skin of my teeth, I found out there was a New Game Plus mode, AND a mod that makes the game even harder. What?!?!?! I think that gives great replay value but I'm not even going to try.ConsThe game is made hard partially by relying on RNG. With 4 units trying to shoot someone with a 86% hit chance, there is still a chance none of them hits while it feels like the enemy is.In regards to how the story unfolds,it is open-ended. Not that I'm against it, but so little was actually explained that I would have appreciated at least a bit more information to get me more hyped for the sequel.For characters there is no leveling system in the game, or multiple skills. Each character has 1 active and 1 passive ability which is unique to them, and that's it.I enjoyed playing through Halfway, but the difficulty and RNG made it more difficult to decide whether I would recommend this to anyone. It's definitely not for beginners to tactics games. I still do recommend it because it's a great game overall, but don't expect to sit back and breeze through this game.Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,253150,17532399,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,cfiend,This is how System Shock would look like if it was made a tactical squad turn-based game.Very polished game with good story. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,253150,14831688,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,AlfalfaPie,"Halfway is a simple, efficient, beautiful, and deliberate turn-based game that somehow has appealed to me even though most other turn-based games, except chess, have frustrated me otherwise. Its sci-fi plot and music are also extremely fitting, and the dialouge, although limited and short, matches the situation the characters are in and represents each person quite well. Resources are limited and the choices one makes within battle or preparing for one may have huge ramifications on if later levels are completed or not. However, there are a multitude of frustrations. The difficulty curve of the enemies increases extremely sharply within the last few levels, and some may even have multiple stages. While the special moves of characters are reliable, the 'soft stats' (specifically aiming) of a character are confusing and are not quite clear cut. Calculating the hit chance on a target seems to be somewhat better than chance, and don't make sense a lot of times, but this may be due to the fact that the developers attempted to balance certain gun types against each other so all gun types would be used, each for their own scenarioes. However, as a World of Tanks player, such hidden or incalcuble statistics are all too common, leaving me to mostly recognize Halfway's strengths and its synergy of setting, sound, and gameplay."
76561198040315675,Not Recommended,253150,26178393,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jugurtha,"In the beginning I was trying to play tactically smart; retreating and luring the enemy trough a long hallway with a scout, while snipers were at the end, instead of fighting it out in the room where you met the enemy. Funneling tactic: good for killing charging crazed enemies. As in, from a tactics point of view I decide were to fight, not a spawn or cutscene.Then, the space to fight in got smaller, meaning less room for retreating tactically. I learned to not open all doors (ai can't open them) to create chokepoints and avoid my squad being flanked etc.Eventually, I managed to safe all characters, next mission was to get supplies. There, in a room with little cover, I got frustrated and had to quit playing. I play my games carefully and tactically, never rushing into the open. During this mission, enemies spawn in your back. No problem, I figured out another chokepoint (just like in a castle, you can place your squad that only 1 melee enemy at a time can attack). Then, another wave comes and my squad leaves this perfect spot for a small room with 3 entrances for the enemy to charge trough! I defeated this enemy wave all but one, who I sent 13 and Lannis to chase down. Easy kill, but then... a third wave and they are both completely surrounded! The game wanted me to stay in that small room? Shooting it out with an enemy who retreats into cover, without advancing forward (and try to flank etc.)?I love turn-based games but I can't play games like this. The game's art, music, atmosphere and excitement are all there! A little bit more character background could not hurt either. However, the tactical possibilities in the game are not good enough yet, compared to Total War, Xenonauts, Battle for Wesnoth etc."
76561198006215445,Not Recommended,253150,21697131,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,3lives,"Nice, but static pixel art that doesn't represent armour or weapons tries to obscure the uninspired design of a turn-based X-Com wannabe with bullet-sponge enemies instead of ai.You don't need to have taken even a basic course of Tactics 101 at the Academy, but you do need perseverance to endure it all the way until the expected and tiresome final boss-fight and unresolved story ending."
,Recommended,253150,28394933,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Farshad,"This seems like a nice game but it REALLY needs a SAVE function!!  If I want to or have to get up 90% through a level, I shouldn't have to restart.Graphics aren't great, and the whole having to ""mouse over"" everything to find openable chests is annoying, but still seems worth playing so far.If these were done to ""add"" to the game somehow, perhaps an options settings to allow them would be good."
,Not Recommended,253150,28930117,Posted: 1 January,all,killkenny,"has a good potential but this accuracy problem is ruining the experience.The art and atmosphere feel like a good juxtaposition of dead space and x-com.However, gameplay and scenario do not meet up to the standard.I understand that the conventional turn-based RPG may become slow-paced,but the accuracy is just killing everything.82% and misses two consecutive shots.sure x-com does have this moment, but not as much as this one does.Eventually the gameplay goes into few characters running into enemy headbuttingand the others with high accuracy shooting. Not much of strategy, rather barbarian-going medieval.The system of using higher tech items, not exp points is another discrepancy.Unlike other rpg-styles, players get to loot items for better spec in a replacement to level system,but because of this system, killing enemies does not feel necessary but irritating often.If there is no reward for hunting, then what's the point? If players were to get loot from downed enemies at least would make sense, but the items are provided from lockers and boxes.A market without selling any weapons (aside from grenade i guess) or any gears.A story that derives into mystery ends in mystery abruptly.Has a great potential yet lacking in gameplay and the story."
76561198089494976,Recommended,253150,33962544,Posted: 1 August,all,Lord Douglias,"A well-made Turn Based Stategy. It starts out slow but the action amps up quickly. Gameplay is like a stripped down version of X-com. The story which revolves around regaining control of your ship is above average and the ending leaves the door open for a sequel. Missions are desparate but doable if you can find enough supplies- like ammo and medkits, and that is the key- making due with less."
,Recommended,253150,34661402,Posted: 1 September,all,Anderty,"It is great and nicely ballanced tactical game with decent cahllange and even more challang with game+ mod, if you wish.Story is very rich and appealing, with bit of humor, irony, drama and epic.Design feels litttle bit out of familiar, but after some time you start see all those small details artists brough in, And it's brilliant.Music. Oh dear. Perfect. I mean it.Universe, by itself, somehow reminded me so much universe of Endless, at least that sci-fi usual stuff lore. Story and everything... man, I would be so super-hyped, if that would be prequel for Dungeon of Endless. It's great as is, though."
,Recommended,253150,14029256,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,biga,"First of all, I had no idea this was an Early Access game, because it plays perfectly fine. I have not been able to find a bug or glitch on my entire playtime. I bought a bundle and got this game, and I bought the bundle because of this game. And boy, am I glad.If you're an Xcom fan or just happen to like strategy/sci-fi games, be sure to check this out. The art is very nice and well done.This is one of those games that I kind of avoid playing when I have♥♥♥♥♥♥to do because I know it will be hard to stop later (kinda like crack)."
,Recommended,253150,12661304,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Demigiant,"I can't recommend this game enough. It starts slowly, but the more you go on the more you realize how deep it is. Great combat system, beautiful (no: wonderful!) graphics, minimal but very well made team and inventory management, fantastic UI, plus a fascinating story. I still didn't finish it but after some 5 hours of playing I'm completely captured."
,Recommended,253150,13520047,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wolfomat,"FIRST VIEW:I played it now for a long time - but i love it.The presentation of the game is awsome, cool soundeffects which makes the dialogs not so boring  ;-)the gameplay of this piece of art is very smooth and intuitive - i wouldn't say its simple, but its also not an overload of fancy buttons to press ect... ;)It's currently the best game in this category i'd say! for the GFX-h***s: its a very sophisticated 2D game, and some fancy gfx effects. so no high end full smooth 3D, but it's even more nice because of this ;)"
76561198001744156,Recommended,253150,16402726,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Trey,This game is worth your time and money. I just started playing and i'm already immersed. It is a gem for those who enjoy strategy rpg games.
76561198049097219,Recommended,253150,17148476,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,KFPenguin,do you like X-Com? Do you like deadspace? do you like old school graphics? then you will like halfway! Works great on Linux!
76561198044826320,Recommended,253150,34257306,Posted: 15 August,all,Khani,"I did a video review for halfway, but if you feel like reading, written review below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i3x_9uu8JgHalfway is a great sci fi story trapped in a mediocre tactics game. The gameplay of Halfway is that of a stripped down xcom, borrowing its percentage to hit system, the ammo management, and xcoms' character action system. While the gameplay itself couldn't be called terrible, it is painfully average and is hardly a selling point of the game. Because of this, I'd recommend playing another tactics rpg like shadowrun, xcom or disgaea, as those would probably be a lot more enjoyable from a gameplay stand point. If you care for sci fi stories however, half way is amongst the best indies you could go for. The writing is consistent, the world is engaging and the narrative has a real tension to it which you don't get in many smaller games. I really love how much effort the developers put into building a concrete world behind halfway, and it really shows in every aspect of the pixel art and the sound design. I'm giving Halfway a 6.5/10, but thats mostly because I have hundreds of hours playing xcom. If you haven't played xcom before, or are a real fan of sci fi, then Halfway is going to be a worthwhile purchase."
76561197970341328,Recommended,253150,21570158,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Trance,"A nice little Turn Based Game, just not at the same level as Xcom 2.It took me about 9 hours to beat the game and i had a lot of fun. The game has a interesting Story and some RPG elements(different weapons+armor and Character upgrades).Pro:+nice looking+turn based+rpg elements+lots of Missions(main+sidemissions)+easy to mod the game. It also has Modding toolsCons-too easy, tho there is a ng+mode that i haven't tried-character and weapon balance is off. Jenna Wallace is FAR better than any other character with her insane Berserk Skill. With a good sniper she can kill 7+ enemies in one turn. As for weapons: at the end i used a Sniper Rifle on every character. There was no point in using any other weapon since damage=king in this game"
,Not Recommended,253150,30485065,Posted: 12 March,all,FedEx,"Unimpressive AI, RNG is all kindsa not fun. Combat is boring. Plot is good, but not enough game to push you through it."
,Recommended,253150,12278790,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Redhotviking,"If you are looking for a tad of nostalgia and enjoy a decent story this game is worth the money. I would have enjoyed more, and hope the game makers will do just that. Continue on the story because I want to know what happens after the ending.I am one of those people that is a sucker for multiple endings, romance and in general everything bioware has done for the RPG games. This game has nothing of the sort, there are information and side missions to be had for gear and stimpacks with in the game by talking to your companions but nothing else. A bit of information about their backgrounds and the like and I do enjoy that part. But it also left a desire for more of a story. The Gameplay is decent as well, the importance of cover and tactics is there but I feel that some characters are far better than others.I would give it a 7/10I had a great time and enjoyed the story, felt it could have been done better or bigger as it where, not graphic wise I find the Graphics fun and nostalgic, music was decent. But the story.... good but with a little bit more work it would have been freaking fantastic. definatly worth the euro/dollars to buy it. Thumbs up to the guys that made this, I hope that they will continue the story of this game."
76561198048498273,Recommended,253150,11464514,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SonofaGlitch,"If ever I felt a need for Steam to have a middle ground between ""recommend"" and ""don't recommend"" I'm wishing it did for right now. An open palmed ""Stop, and wait a bit"".The quick of it is that Halfway is a completely solid, if a bit bare and plain, Tactics RPG with a futuristic Sci-fi setting and beautifully done Lo-fi artwork. It's completely worth playing . . . but it will be worth playing a LOT more in about a month or so.The long of it is as follows:The Good- A meaty little campaign that's going to clock in around 10-16 Hours over 30+ missions, which for the cost of the game is than a buck an hour. So, a pretty good value!- Neat little Sci-fi universe that gets more interesting as the game moves along. It's reminiscient of System Shock 2 and Dead Space, but with a growing sense of its own identity.- Really great 16-bit style Pixel art that looks like it's a mix between Tactics Ogre, The Chaos Engine, and Aliens. Seriously, the game looks fantastic for those who like this styling.- A small but excellent set of musical tracks that are very ""Vangelis from Blade Runner"" inspired, which is very high praise as far as I'm concerned.- Good ol' Turn-based Tactics gameplay! Ranged XCOM or Jagged Alliance style! Find the best angles and cover and blast away at your foes!- For the most part, some very good level design. Most of the stages I found to be a lot of fun and I was never bored by them.The Bad- The core fundamentals of the Tactics gameplay are solid, but fairly basic and a bit unfocused. There's not a lot to set this game apart from its competition other than a replacement for ""Overwatch"" that's a bit disappointing and the game lacks it's own unique hook to the concept. It's kind of ""Meat & Potatoes Tactics"", and you're going to want to add pepper . . . but there's no pepper!- The RPG character progression elements seem stripped down enough for an XCOM game without individual characters, but this game has developing individual characters, so these elements never feel like they gel together.- The different weapons don't really feel all that different, other than optimal ranges, and there's an obvious ""best"" weapon with the sniper rifles once the game hits the halfway point.- The tuning/balance is very bonkers. The first third is too easy, the second third feels about right, and the last third spikes up the difficulty to often frustrating levels. On top of that, there are many strange difficulty spikes that just happen out of nowhere here and there because of inconsistent variations on turns the player has no control over.- In general, the game is very linear and scripted and offers little in the way of choice making for the player.The Ugly- The last boss battle needs an overhaul.- The game has been fairly buggy at launch, and it's still missing promised modding tools. It really feels like the ""Soft Beta Launch"" situation that Early Access was meant to abolish, and that early adopters as basically acting as QA for the game.The Betty- To be fair, the devs have been friendly and prompt about dealing with all the issues and criticisms presented to them, and the game's potential and longevity is going to skyrocket once the modding tools are released.- However, there are no actual Betty's in the game as of yet."
76561197972483399,Recommended,253150,13446349,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hamburger!,"Low Tech retro-gaming but if you are looking for a turn-based squad-oriented RPG you can't go far wrong. The game is pretty linear but the story and characters keep it going for what it's worth. Combat is interesting and decisions are thoughtful. The downside is while there are different colors/""levels"" of badguy, the number of actual different opponents you can almost count on one hand. There really ought to be more enemy variety especially for a game as long as it is. All told though, I enjoyed it. No regrets."
76561197970968566,Recommended,253150,12817963,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,FXS_Jen,"Having a lot of fun with the game.  Story and art has a lot of personality.  I'm usually not a fan of this art style but it grabs you in the right places.  Described as XCom meets Aliens is good start with maybe a touch of Elysium.  Some minor crashes but WELL worth the money.  The Hero powers and actives are well thought out and give some breadth to squad layouts.  I played for 4hrs and thought it was 1!  Did I just feel a jump......A few minor issues and I only point these out because how much I like the game: I didn't realize reloading used up the entire ammo pack; it should based on ammo count; inventory should be part of the context attack menu,   Inventory exit button should be close to the inventory window.  Cover is unclear for diagnol shots,  Field of view is sometimes confusing.  So far enemies always tend to rush which makes waiting in a defensive cover the clear strategy.   Still all these issues are part of the appeal, no tutorial, just jump in because the SHTF!  The discovery process is part of the game!Great game!  Looking forward to getting to the end"
76561198023583430,Not Recommended,253150,34689239,Posted: 2 September,all,Haagentis[FR],"Nice little game, with a really enjoyable concept : it's a X-Com-like game in space, with nice pixel graphics, making it low-spec and enjoyable on any kind of PC (and any kind of OS !). What's not to love about that ?Well, you'll find out pretty quickly that the RNG of this game is a f*cking joke, making 60% of combat about wasting ammo, even when an enemy is in your direct lign of sight with no obstacle blocking the view (aren't the characters supposed to be professional weapon users ? You know, SOLDIERS). And don't bother using cover, as protecting yourself will also impact the RNG negatively, killing the entire strategic purpose of using cover.I have great difficulty understanding how the designer(s) of the game went with that. I mean, didn't they have feedback and playtesting sessions to assert the quality of the gameplay they created, or were they too occupied patting their own shoulders to see the reality of what they were doing ?Anyway, you get the gist : the concept is great, but the game constantly c*ckblocks itself, and needs a serious system redesign it will probably never get. What a shame..."
76561197970571810,Not Recommended,253150,21812464,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ExHippy,"This game is a fairly simple turn based squad strategy game. While I have no issues with the combat sections I was hoping for more from this game. Reviews that I had read mentioned squad management and upgrades, and while that is strictly speaking true it is very very basic. Ultimately there is just the turn based missions, and while they're fun for a bit they're too similar to keep it interesting without something more."
76561197971219356,Recommended,253150,16999425,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sentinel,"Halfway Is what you get by combining Dead Space 1 and Xcom and put it in a isometric 8 bit format, its fantastic.  The story, art, and gamplay all mesh together into a game that is satifying to play. I very much hope a sequal is in the making."
76561198042237959,Recommended,253150,31175102,Posted: 16 April,all,ezdez,"Fantastic game on all accounts - it's basically a pixelated XCOM. Story, artwork, music and gameplay are top notch. You play as survivors on a space ship that's full of mutated crew. Finding cover and using a variety of short, assault, sniper rifle and grenades, your rag-tag group of survivors each come with unique skills that can help you find out what happened to the crew and hopefully take back your ship. Highly recommend for any one who likes tactical combat games."
,Recommended,253150,33587101,Posted: 16 July,all,glutinous,"Simple, no-nonsense Final Fantasy Tactics-like game."
,Recommended,253150,33961948,Posted: 1 August,all,shackleford,"Fun turn based tactical RPG. Only con I have is that it wasn't very long, I got about 11 hours out of it."
76561197978982676,Recommended,253150,30594853,Posted: 18 March,all,shortcircuit,"TLDR - Fun lightweight tactics game that doesn't require number crunching, has a compelling story, and isn't terribly difficult but still punishes you for making poor decisions.I really enjoyed the weight of this game.  As someone who rarely finishes even the main storyline for a game I found this game to be of a perfect length with a story compelling enough to keep me coming back till the end.  The difficulty scales up well and enemies are diverse enough to keep you on your toes when new ones do show up.  The pacing never had me bored, once I felt I had figured out a good strategy the game threw something new at me.  The developer knew it wasn't X-Com and didn't try to be.  If you enjoy tactics games but don't want to play something quite so lengthy or meaty pick this game up and give it a try."
76561198087755670,Recommended,253150,30786543,Posted: 27 March,all,Fulmie,"Halfway is a sci-fi/survival horror/TBT game. It is a bucket of fun! The graphics are retro 8-bit, but the music and sound effects are smooth.  Controls and gameplay are relatively simple and easy to understand.  Although cancelling an action is sometimes difficult.  The only other negative I would give it is that since the board is made up of squares it's sometimes difficult to know what things will be in your line of sight or not.Overall however this is an amazing game from a fun indie company.  There's plenty of references to other sci-fi games.  The tactics are varied depending on which characters are on your team.  I've sunk around 16 hours into this game and jsut now appear to be beginning the last third of the game.  For the price, the experience has been more than worth it."
76561197970460379,Recommended,253150,34226067,Posted: 13 August,all,Lovejoy,"Very good turn based game.  Really enjoyed the story, music and gameplay.  Looking forward to what the brothers do next."
76561197991567851,Recommended,253150,17354800,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fixxed,"An indie hidden gem.... This game is absolutly amazing. It brings some of the best mechanics in XCOMM together with some legit aspects of Breach n Clear // Doorkickers.This tactical strategy game, has no useless moving turns or excessive stats to learn and memorize... It is simple and challenging.Without saying much, you are in a massive ship, drifting in space and fighting ""whats left of your crew"". Hope is lost, so you are already fighting a ""downhill"" battle (darkest dungeon style). The story is definetly intriguing, not because of originality (yea yea deadspace) but because of the way they deliver it. With surprises and mystery, you gota ask your crew, do extra missions and what not if you wana uncover the plot. Or just jump straight to action and shoot shoot shoot.With 8 different characters, each with a passive and an active ability, the secret here is forming a good team for each mission. There arent many stats nor gear types, just enough to get you thinking strategically, since the game is definetly not for begginers.Encounters arent about different enemy types, but about being overwhelmed. There will always be more enemies than your crew. So you will have to bait, you will have to make risky moves.Some points that are definetly worth mentioning are:Ammo here is a thing, your chars have inventory so you gota think about the weapon magazine and how much ammo they have. A really challenging concept that breaks those monotonous turns in similar games, where all you do is entrench and shoot with 30% hit chance.The ambient is amazing. Seriously they deliver the Space loneliness better than a handful of triple As (alien isolation im looking at you...). With everything tied together, the vibe is amazing.I definetly recommend this game to turn based strategy fans (specially those that like a challenge...) Just wanted to add that this game, is one of those under-appreciated masterpieces, where you feel alone amongst many, begging to be heard, ""this game is really damn genious!!! guys!! people!! people..."" Btw wrote this while listening to the amazing soundtrack... inspired in Blade Runner it really really suits the game and creates the best matching vibe possible."
76561198007726560,Recommended,253150,31859732,Posted: 20 May,all,freddie_simons,I really loved this game. More basic version of x-com that scratches a turn-based strategy itch.
76561198077176812,Recommended,253150,32831194,Posted: 26 June,all,The 420th Gunslinger,"This game is simple to learn and very fun to play. I bought it at $4.67 or something, it was on sale and that, my friend, is a F***ING STEAL!   Sure the graphics are old school but if you are from the oldschool like me its perfect for feeling nostalgic  and having fun along the way.I highly recomend this game especially for the price."
,Recommended,253150,21866795,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Ivanhoe,A good try for turn based squad tactical rpg genre as an indie game. Decent price.
76561198044797961,Recommended,253150,18042573,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jan,"A middling tactical top down shooter. Poor graphics of retro pixel art. Story are well told but unfinished. The mechanics are good, but the difficulty is cheater for the abuse of the teleportation of foes: almost all arrive so, ruined the tactical factor: sometimes player can not deploy his squad at will,because the game do it. The placement is important matter, because as every character has two actions per turn, if the team is misplaced can be overpassed soon by a superior numbers of a foes that can appear anytime, anywhere and in sucessive waves with a annoying flash. There are varieties of weapons and armours, but only a couple of each are usefull. Game is short and sometimes crushes, but so all, is fun. Buy with a huge discount."
,Recommended,253150,14840596,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,shateema,"Halfway is a rather unforgiving but also very motivatig Tactic RPG. Love the old school graphics, the setting, the characters, the gameplay and the music! Cant find anything bad here really. Must have!"
,Recommended,253150,12287074,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Quitch,"So I'm coming towards the end of Halfway (I presume) and thought I'd talk about it. I ran through it on the hardest difficulty.It's a simple squad TBS with RPG-lite elements, one that would work rather well on a mobile platform I think. But it doesn't feel like a mobile port, nor does it feel too simple to bother loading on your PC. Streamlined might be the term.There's probably nothing in the combat you haven't seen before, with each character getting two actions to move or shoot and they can be combined for a single more accurate shot. You have half-cover and full cover, with corners allowing you to step out to shoot before returning to cover where enemies can't see you (corners are key to victory). Each character has a passive ability and an active ability, along with some base stats you will be given limited ability to boost over the course of the game, but generally they're going to do at the end of the game what they did at the beginning but simply better.Rather than the typical overwatch you have retaliate. You don't fire on enemies as you spot them, you'll only return fire if fired upon. I thought it would be useless, and generally you'll want to spend your points, but it really helps keep the combat mobile and prevents it bogging down into two sides staring each other down.The way ammo handled is a nice touch. Different guns have different magazine sizes, but all ammo fits all guns and a reload exhausts an entire magazine no matter how much ammo was left in your gun. That four shot sniper rifle might be powerful, but it's going to plow through ammunition.The maps provide a nice variety in which to battle, some tight maze spaces, some a series of rooms, some long corridors, some wide open. You're given plenty of opportunities to make the terrain work for you, and like with most TBSs of this type you should be prepared to withdraw to stronger positions rather than mindlessly holding your ground and taking the best shot. When♥♥♥♥♥♥goes bad, it goes bad fast. Enemies do a lot of damage compared to your shield and health values at the top difficulty and with three or four hits you'll be down.Enemy variety is weak; there's shooty mobiles, close-combat mobiles and turrets. It varies the mobiles a bit by introducing shields and then later armour along with the ability to attack twice, but by this point I'm feeling that I'm ready for the game to end as I'm playing out of the same tactics book each battle. It doesn't help that the armoured enemies drag out the battle by being huge bullet sponges at the same time as the more powerful assault rifles have huge damage ranges leading to a feeling of unnecessary randomness.I found that as the game went on the usefulness of various characters changed, which I liked as it helps with introducing variety. Early on it was all Linda and her shotgun and self-healing, but as shields came into it I found I stopped using her. Likewise, other characters who I found useless became invaluable as better equipment came along. Right now I have at least three characters I would never go on a mission without. However, sometimes you're forced to because the game imposes a limit of 2-4 characters depending on mission, and some missions will have mandatory characters so you have to use pretty much everyone at one time or another, forcing you to learn how to use them and in some cases realise that ability you wrote off is actually pretty good.The story and the characters themselves are incredibly flat. It starts out promisingly with a little mystery, but it soon moves into generic sci-fi territory. The characters themselves are dull as dishwater; you can talk to them between missions but they don't have anything interesting to say. Likewise, they will sometimes converse on missions (especially their own optional side-missions), but again it's a case of speaking a lot with nothing to say. Most frustrating is how the game actually builds up a series of relationships between all these people, but the writing isn't capable of doing anything with it.The lack of character identification is easily the most disappointing part of the game because you don't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about these people and their struggle, it makes it a series of TBS puzzles in a game which should deliver more.All-in-all I think this was reasonable fun, and I'd recommend picking it up on sale if you're hankering for some squad TBS."
76561198085887387,Not Recommended,253150,28909449,Posted: 1 January,all,erikn1982,"Could have been a really good game, great story and game play.  Shame.But it suffers from that problem that all tactical turn based games have, only it's much much worse.You have a 50% chance to hit?  right?  now i think i remember from 2nd grade, that should mean i should hit 1 out of 2 times give or take.   Nope, in this game that means you will hit 1 out of 10.   Ok, i'll just get closer....o good my hit chance has now gone up to 100%!  so......it wont let me shoot, i only then have the option to use a ""melee"" attack, which means hitting the nearly invincible enemy with a pillow.    Ok Ok....i'll try from just 2 squares away, close enough to increase my hit chance, but far enough away not to get the nerf melee attack.  Yay, my hit chance is now 55%!Also, the enemies have like a 90% hit chance when they're standing on the other side of the map behind a wall.    They can also move farther than you, and still shoot, while you can only move or shoot twice per turn.Makes a fight that should last 5 minutes go on for god damned eternity.Again, this massive flaw is found in all games of this nature.  But this one takes it to the point where it's just frustrating and unenjoyable."
,Recommended,253150,12586097,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Littlemad,I very much liked this turn based game. Cannot wait to see more in the future.
76561198014616401,Recommended,253150,11367560,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Friggleswitz,"So my early review of the game was a little unfair. The graphics, story, characters, and atmosphere of the game are all great, I've enjoyed them and look forward to finishing the game. This game has a lot of potential, but in its current state isn't fun/challenging until you are 75% of the way through the game. I can't give this a thumbs up yet, but THE GAME SHOWS TONS OF POTENTIAL.Edit 7/25/2014 : Due to active dev support to address game issues that I have brought up, I will be switching this from a 'Not recommended' stance to a 'Recommended' stance. This game is still has a lot of issues, but they are fixable, and it looks like they are actually going to take the initiative to fix them. Beware, the gameplay is still feels like I'm playing a beta, but the game is now completable and later levels are quite enjoyable.So here are the problems:Weapon Issues:Weapons are poorly documented in game so you are never really sure what range a weapon is good at. Adding in visual cues on the combat squares or an effective range stat in the weapon item page  is desperately needed.  Firing outside of your weapons effective range causes accuracy to fall dramatically. This is most noticable on short range weapons since short range weapons are only effective if there is one square inbetween you and the enemy, when adjacent it just melee attacks, and every other range has horrendous hit rates until end game weapons.The game has an option to use two ap points per shot to dramatically increase accuracy, but it is an easily missed feature unless you are reading every bit of the tutorial. Breaking this feature into a dialog that pops up when you click to attack an enemy to choose between a one AP quick shot and a two AP aimed shot would be a much better option.Lack of documentation:How cover works is confusing and needs to be explained better on how it actually functions. After 11 hours of play, I'm still not sure if I'm actually getting any bonus from being in any cover that doesn't break LOS. And how does it work? Does it subtract against the enemies hit chance or does it get multiplied against an enemies hit chance? How much does having +9 agility improve the reduction when in cover? Please add an ingame guide that is sort of like the UFOpedia in xcom. That way us the player can actually make tactical decisions. If a player doesn't understand the games mechanics, he can't make any tactical choices. No tactical choices makes for an irritating gameplay experience. Look to Fire Emblem if you are confused as how to display that information to the player. The advanced combat stat window in Fire Emblem makes it super easy for the player to figure out what is going on, and it can be toggled on and off depending on whether the player wants that information.Special Abilities:Some character special abilities are are completely overpowered and practically mandatory in end game. All the other non-op characters have abilities that could be super awesome, but since they cost one AP to execute, they serve little function inside of combat. Since these abilities already come with a cooldown penalty, having an AP requirement on many of them is just pointless.For Example, If you took the AP requirement off of the Mad scientists teleport it would actually be usable, and somewhat effective in combat. Taking off the LOS requirement and just allowing the character to teleport within a fixed distance range would take it from functional to on par with Gina's Paralyse. Gina's Paralyse also needs to be balanced; turn it to 1 ap with static one turn cooldown, and reduce the paralyse to 1 enemy combat turn, and it goes from OP to just tactically useful(since a character that only has one AP left is probably rarely going to be able to hit their target)Items:Items are uninteresting as they are right now, and there are very, very few items. There are lots of weapons and armor, but the only difference is how much damage they do, and their accuracy. functionally they all do the same thing. It isn't like one type is good against shields, or another good against armored targets, or maybe a certain one uses only half the Action points. No, all exactly the same. Armor has little variety as well, and since health pools are so small the rounding error will probably make the difference between Tank-Mark-II and Tank-Mark-IV almost unnoticable. Damage to shields also seems not to get any bonus from armor. So shields seem to take full damage QQCharacter Progression:No character progression mechanic severely hinders player investment in the characters. The closest thing the game has to progression outside the gear it gives you, is rare stat boost item candy, but your characters can only eat five safely. After that point, they seem to overwrite eachother.So if you have character you really like, but they are as weak as butter against bullets, well, sorry, no matter how much effort you put into getting them alien kills, they will always be as crappier than an OP character that you've never taken on a mission. Sorry mister hacker guy and mad scientist, I'm never taking you out cause you fall over dead 24/7. Sorry mister big human experiment guy, I love your melee passive, but you have no way to recover like linda does.Gear progression is a poor substitute, since you can transfer gear to other characters at any time.So it is a bunch of balancing issues, and some parts of the game need to be expanded.  The game could be really, really good with a couple mods or official patches."
76561197968663182,Not Recommended,253150,12105851,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,harmless,"This game is pretty fun, but it quickly gets stale. The combat aspect is repetative and seems like a grind without much space for creativity or tactics. I got about 3 hours of fun out of it before deciding I'd had enough, so if you want to have a couple hours of entertainment go for it, but don't expect to be hooked."
76561198006247254,Not Recommended,253150,12762027,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,liller_per,"I am a BIG fan of turn-based RPG and strategy-like games.. To the most old school type like Shining Force (sega master system) to the newest X-com.I was uterly disapointed by this, the graphics looked cool and the sci-fi feel of it was just right. But I dont know, something is missing.. Level after level, it gets boring like hell.. U meet the same enemies over and over again, and there are no EXP system at all! ... And talk about the chance of actualy hittings someone in the game, U MISS ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME AND THE ENEMY HITS YOU ALL THE ♥♥♥♥IN TIME.. And if there is any kind of action goin on in this game, then I dont get it.."
76561198002424694,Recommended,253150,11713692,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SerakHawk,"Really excellant game, my only problem with it is that it was too short xD"
,Recommended,253150,32864468,Posted: 27 June,all,NRFBToyStore [StW],"This is my favorite style of game, anything tactical turn based I love. Thousands of hours not just in the new XCOM, but the old XCOM, and UFO, and ET and Lazer Squad. I been eyeballing this game for AGES and finally got on the Steam sale...and refunded it in an hour. The graphics great, story good, but the controls are so awkward. I'll give a thumbs up as I still feel it's a good game, just not for me."
76561198019283317,Recommended,253150,33099997,Posted: 1 July,all,Sonny,"My first tactical RPG in a long time, never played xcom, liked it. About 20 hours to end it."
,Recommended,253150,12258920,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mousegirl at large,Alright tactical rpg. Enemies are perhaps a bit too vulnerable to funneling and your two snipers will often be the two teammates you decide to bring along for 90% of the missions.
76561198022223005,Recommended,253150,12491018,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Raaka,A good one. Classic turn-based tactics with a story. Waiting for an add-on. Maybe needs some additional features in customising the characters and some more thought on the final boss battle but otherwise worth the money.
,Recommended,253150,24689413,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,shadowkaly,"Very nice, deep and rewarding TBS-RPG. Cool characters, very nice interface and beautiful retro graphics. I can only recommend."
76561197986995493,Recommended,253150,18308620,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,HolyFire,"waiting for continue...One more thing... it would be pretty good, if charachter could put some things into the boxes. take or change one item on another. Thank you. Have fun, everybody!!"
76561197994145703,Recommended,253150,34050009,Posted: 5 August,all,Umah,superb
,Recommended,253150,12593659,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Burnrate,"Great gameplay, great story.  I'm looking forward to the sequel."
76561198007822217,Recommended,253150,22599272,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,cordinia,"A super-fun Star Trek homage.  This game is similar in style and graphics to the old Interplay 25th Anniversary Edition game (if you are old enough to remember that old chestnut).  I've not played much yet, but what I have I'm really enjoying.  The writing is engaging, and there is a lot of extra detail if you want it.  Definitely recommended if you enjoy tactical games in Spaaaaaaaace!"
,Recommended,253150,20153069,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TFJ,"A hidden gem type of game. Heavily inspired by the newest Xcom game, it's a turn based strategy game featuring a 2 action point system for shooting, moving, using items, etc. Battles take place in square tile maps.It features a great style of 2D pixel art, specially the environments, which feature a lot of small, nice details. The sountrack is amazing and heavily inspired by the works of Vangelis in Blade Runner.The core gameplay is solid and accessible. Veteran TBS  players will find that there isn't that much depth, but it's fun nonetheless. One thing that I missed initially is that there's a stealth component where the AI actually detects your units via sound and line of sight.You will get access to 8 playable characters, each one with different base stats and unique special abilities. While I think the character could be more unique, they are different enough.Equipment progression is in my opinion the weakest aspect of the game. It's mostly linear and there isn't much variety. The balance could also be a bit better, with sniper rifles being a bit overpowered and short range weapons being a bit underpowered. It's mostly fine though.The campaign is mostly linear, with a couple of optional missions. The plot is nothing groundbreaking, but leaves you wanting more, specially after the ending. Looking forward to Halfway 2 if that ever happens. Oh, and after you beat it, I suggest replaying it with the NewGame+ mod. It makes the game significantly harder and fun (to me anyway).Very recommended game, specially at the low asking price."
,Recommended,253150,11863395,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Keyser Söze,Great game. It succeeds some of the best pieces of original masterpiece UFO:Enemy Unknown and does it way better than re-visited piece of s**t they dared to call X-Com.Pros:* Great atmosphere* Smooth and beautiful old-school art* Awesome turn-based experience* Gameplay long enough to enjoy itCons:* Too little variety in enemies* No visual representation of armor* Why not to use numeric action points instead of zone 1 / zone 2?* No melee weapons. Instead for some reason ranged weapons define melee damage. Why?
76561197968218190,Recommended,253150,12766188,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Blackwolf_swe,"Blasted Gavin harrison's Theme music and was blown away.Played under 1 hour and was hooked.The graphics and the UI was like getting reunited with my NES, Only BETTER!10/10"
,Recommended,253150,11561255,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,mr_umlaut,"It's a fun, low-key, turn-based RPG set in space. Upgrade your armor and weapons and you'll be killing space zombies in no time."
76561198047160375,Recommended,253150,26199545,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ruzzian,"Great Story line, reminds me a lot of xcom in terms of gameplay."
,Recommended,253150,11471762,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,hotchkip,"So far so good, the UI takes a little getting used to, and on more than one occasion I have accidentally moved thinking i could scroll the camera. Really fun game though!!"
76561198061879309,Recommended,253150,11683351,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,greenmushroom23,"Im really impressed by this game.. really really fun, great story and sound.. sort of like xcom, but not really..its simpler in a way.. If your looking for a new fun game get this.....this game is soo good that should this dev put sumthing else out that looks cool ill preorder it right there..plus they keep patching stuff.. great all around and well worth the buy (and should this go on sale and u dont have it get it then...trust me..)"
76561197982517017,Recommended,253150,11582450,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Phantom Mercenary,"This is a cool little game.  I would best describe it as a lite-hybrid of XCOM and FF Tacics.  It starts off pretty steady in terms of difficulty then has a pretty dramatic jump upwards about 1/2 way through.  But that's how I prefer it :-)  If you pay attention to your character abilites, gear them appropriately and use the terrain to your advantage you can manage the rough fights.  Also: always bring a sniper, and grenades, grenades, Grenades.  For $12 I really enjoyed this game and strongly recommend it.  I'm looking forward to what these devs might put out next."
76561198064361914,Recommended,253150,11525339,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,jamestomhayward,"Really solid and satisfying game with just enough in terms of characters, story, and gameplay to make the whole package work. If you like x-com and dig the idea of playing the combat of an x-com game against the backdrop of an Alien/ Dead Space kind of story setting then you'll likely enjoy the 10 or so hours it'll take to complete it."
76561198087922961,Recommended,253150,11473796,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Zloy Shaman,"Graphics works well - no glitches, sprites are very well drawn, animated with love, backgrounds are fantastic. Small things, like Jenna playing memory or the dog are adding a lot lo an atmosphere. I would like more combat talking, like in Jagged Alliance 2. This may really add to the game. Dialogs are mostly short and concise. You always know what to do. Game mechanics are understood well and fast, even without the tutorial.Character's skills are good game mechanic, also the fact that you can't take too much survivors to a mission, it makes you think about progress and selecting right people for the level. Game's balanced pretty well, but possibly have more to do with short-range weapons and melee combat. Difficulty level raises through adding more badass enemies. In my opinion, equipment found until certain point fits the enemies player have to fight. I think removing experience points and leveling was a bright decision. It reminds me of Fallout series, in which physical attributes couldn't be changed by just killing swarms of enemies.One will say that the Halfway was shipped as beta version - but I won't agree with that. The game is evolving, and what's really great, that developers are actually reading reviews and forum posts and making the game better. I experienced inventory memory leak day prior it was fixed. That Steam upgrade mechanism is a great thing.Music and sound aren't disturbing and contribute to overall atmosphere.Overall, very good gaming experience. Challenging, interesting, beautiful. Money well spent.Oh, and it works on Linux! :)"
,Recommended,253150,14614371,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Teftel,Awesomwe TBS with it's unique style both in gameplay and visuals.
76561198076038491,Not Recommended,253150,14526485,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,icecage05,"With 12 hours on record, I can say that I did enjoy the game for the most part.Pros: Fun tactical combatPretty interesting charactersDecent StoryCons: Gets extremely repetitive, to the point where playing it becomes a nuisanceExtremely annoying combat statistics - 50% hit chance for a shotgun to the face for example, or 80-90% hit chance and you miss multiple times in a row - but alas, that is the double edged sword of % chances.I feel I got quite a bit of value out of this game, but not 13 dollars. I'd say more like 10 dollars. the game progresses rather nicely, but there seems to be a ""wall of difficulty"". ie. Once you get so far, combat becomes extremely annoying and increasingly difficult, to the point of being stupid and unfair - the first time I noticed this was doing the mission for the black dude (Sam i think) to get food from storage. You beat a wave of enemies that hit extremely hard. Your turn you can miss or waste your time moving. Then you get beat to an inch of your life, finally killing them all, only to spawn another wave of HARDER enemies. These enemies hit harder then the last wave - and you can only carry a certain number of items per character - so don't think about having tons of medikits to heal either. Not only that, you can use a medi kit to heal and get Crit or hit 2 or 3 times in a row and die right afterwards so it's pointless. But once you beat this wave, NOW you seriously are out of supplies. But ALAS, ANOTHER WAVE SPAWNS of the same caliber enemies. Although I beat that mission - it was NOT satisfying, it was extremely annoying and sapped the fun out of the entire game thus far. The game became a nuisance, repeating the same harsh combat wave after wave of enemies who usually hit harder and with more accuracy, becoming unfair and annoying. (not challenging and rewarding)For the repetitiveness, harshness, etc. I do not recommend. But do not get me wrong you will enjoy this game ( and the price is decent, although 10 is better imo) but be prepared for when you advance in the story, it WILL get repetitive and very unfair. (not challenging, UNFAIR)"
,Not Recommended,253150,22011845,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Drew Austin,"Talk about crash city. On MacOS it crashes every other level. It also doesn't allow you switch between programs forcing you to quit the app to do anything else in the OS. UI is very basic. The mechanics of the turn-based and character system are simplistic and rudimentary. The writing is a little painful at times, but not that bad besides that. You can't save at any time, only auto-saves meaning when you begin a mission you are commited until it is finished."
,Recommended,253150,23467650,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sway01,One of the best games I've played in ages. A very fun xcom-like game with a great story and original setting.
,Recommended,253150,19924013,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,arnzzz,"Love the art style. And usually im not a big fan of turn based games, but I gave this one a try as im a fan of LibGDX, the Java framework they used.Amazing use of LibGDX. Just shows what such a powerful Java framework this really is :)"
,Recommended,253150,19786901,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tasker 2016,"This game isn't very deep, but it's charming and really well executed.Worth the price."
,Recommended,253150,18833065,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Straightforward top-down strategy game.
76561198029486234,Recommended,253150,24056742,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[STW Italia] Balthazar,"Interesting indie scifi RpgFun and challenging with an inspired graphic although ""old school"""
76561198016289204,Recommended,253150,11849994,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,GerPronouncedGrr,"DISCLAIMER: I have not yet completed this game. I may update this review after I do.ProsBeautiful, lovingly hand-crafted pixel artInteresting story with nice character interaction between missionsGreat soundtrackChallenging, yet balanced combatBeing actively updated by the devs on a semi-regular basis, updates are meaningful game-changesConsNo real character development, stims are very minor and basically necessary to succeedI see very little reason to replay this after I beat it, although perhaps the upcoming level editing tools will negate this pointCombat ramps a little oddly throughout the game, see text belowHalfway is an indie gem from a small team, who clealrly put a lot of love into this project. If you are a fan of turn-based tactical combat games, this should be a no-brainer purchase. Don't go in expecting FFT or Disgaea levels of complexity and you will have a fun 20-30 hours ahead of you. It's a great little package for a respectable price. If you get it on sale it's an absolute steal.A few notes though, since I see a fair number of negative reviews that seem to revolve around the combat, which makes sense since that is 90% of the game.First of all, this is a TACTICAL COMBAT GAME. If the combat wasn't 90% of the game it would be something totally different. Don't get me wrong, the story is solid (at least so far as I am), but it's not the ""game"" part of this game.Second, as I noted in the Cons above, the combat does ramp a bit weirdly. In the beginning you will be missing a lot unless you are using melee attacks or 2AP shots. However, after trying several different tactics to clear the early missions I can tell you that there are multiple successful strategies possible. If you get stuck on a mission, don't just keep trying the same tactics. This game is simple but it does give you several options for each character on any given turn. Experiment. ""Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."" - A. EinsteinOnce you get up through the mid-point of the game you can expect to be hitting more often, and, depending on how you spend your stims, certain characters can be downright OP, hitting twice every single turn. PRO TIP: Give a certain sniper with a certain active ability a whole bunch of aiming stims and put her in the middle of a room full of baddies. Push one button. Win.My only real complaint about this game is the fact that I can't really develop my characters like a true TCRPG. I do not consider this game an RPG at all, actually. You don't make character choices at all, stims aside, and as I mentioned earlier, since you basically have to use them to succeed, the only real choice is which characters you want to use. Having said that, however, what I'm complaining about was clearly not within the vision of the developers, and was not intended to be part of this game, and I respect that. Despite this shortcoming, Halfway is a solid, if simple, game.TL;DR: I hope everyone buys this game at full price so I can see what Robotality comes up with next."
76561198019779143,Recommended,253150,34381215,Posted: 20 August,all,Omni,"Played through the game blind on Game+ (hard) mode and completed all side missions.  Definitely the way to play for veterans of this kind of game who enjoy a thorough challenge.  The game is especially brutal early on while learning the AI quirks and developing your A-team gear and tactics.  Feels very reminiscent of XCOM Legendary both in difficulty and resource management limitations early-mid game.  Additionally, like non-Ironman XCOM, your teams can eventually become an alien-killing powerhouses with overflowing gear and resources if you play well.The majority of negative Steam reviews of this game center around complaints about the seemingly unfair/inaccurate RNG hit %.  Ignore them.  That is par for the course with this kind of game and if plebs like them aren't complaining about that then the game is too easy.Overall highly recommended for fans of the genre."
76561197994601419,Recommended,253150,33674293,Posted: 20 July,all,burdo,is ok
,Recommended,253150,11370965,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HiTopps,"Pros:-Looks polished, with lots of attention to detail. For example, the movement is smooth, and there's even animations of the shells dropping to the floor when you shoot at a... monster... mutant... thing?-Simple, yet cool looking battle interface-Good lighting and non-intrusive yet compelling music provide a great atmosphere-Good pixel art-The turn based battle gameplay is engaging, but not rushed-Tense, but not scary-Futuristic look and feelCons:-The scripting is awful. I probably could have written better material, but I didn't buy the game for the talking-It's not as challenging as I would like. There's no penalty for losing a team mate for some reason-The levels are all predictable. Go here, collect some supplies, activate this switch or retrieve this person, and inevitably encounter some monsters, kill them, go back to base to heal, repeat-There aren't really any ways to level up, except for stimpacks, which give minimal benefits and are extremely rare-There's no character creation and minimal customization. All the armors look the same, and there's no way to change any aspect of your characters' appearances.-The exploration in the game is very linear and feels like you're being guided. Aside from the odd side quest, there's no freedom in exploration as far as I've gotten. Could be bad for the replay valueOverall, it's an entertaining little shooter/strategy game that can keep you occupied for a while. For $12.99, you're not getting ripped off. If and when this game goes on sale for $5-$8, it'll be a great addition to your collection. Nothing revolutionary, but it's a solid game and it's fun. There are a few aspects that are lacking, but overall, it gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198022318021,Recommended,253150,11395660,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Zyren,"Already one of the best turn-based strategy games I've played this year. Here's my clincher when it comes to games like this: you need to have a cover system and implement some sort of overwatch. X-COM set the bar high in this regard. However, this game has a cover system and retaliate, which I will settle on in place of overwatch.The art is great; I love pixelated games. Music fits the style that they are going for. Dialogue is simplistic but intriguing; it doesn't slow down the game. But the combat system is really where this game shines. Some people are complaining that there isn't character customization, but there is to a degree. You can customize using weapons, armor, and single-use stat boosts. I've also started two games so far; and the characters seemed to have different starting stats, so there may be randomness in this regard as well.I do agree that the devs should implement an exp system on this sucker, but do not let that hold you back from playing an otherwise excellent game.****Update: 7 hours in and still having fun. For $12, I definitely feel like I got my money's worth. It feels like X-COM and Sword of the Stars: The Pit and a baby and then threw in some plot from Dead Space. I have really high hopes for where the devs might take this game in the future."
,Recommended,253150,12265312,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,damn good game. whyu reading this? go buy and play!  turn based reborn.
76561197965588514,Recommended,253150,11443596,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Thunderballs,"This game is pretty fantastic. Very tactical, you need to organize your group with specific roles and gear. It is very cool and definitely worth the invredibly low price!"
76561198037827500,Not Recommended,253150,16610410,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tserik,"This game is garbage.Generally a 78% chance of doing something means 1 time out of four you fail, 30 times in a row is statistically a no-no.Your characters get to move about 8 spaces if you don't want to attack, the enemies get 10 sqaures to run around and then electro-punch you repeatedly in the face, all in one turn.There is never a reason given for only allowing 4 team members per battle, given that you usually fight 10 enemies per battle with multiple battles jammed into each mission, this seems asinine.Don't buy this unless you enjoy efforts in frustration."
76561198073584574,Recommended,253150,11421290,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Billy Bob,"Overall a decent turn based strategy game. 7/10.I waited to finish this game before reviewing it so I could give my full opinion.The graphics and interface are absolutely fantastic. The environment the game sets up is great and I will definitely be playing more once the mission creation tool is out.The first 50% of the game is filled with extremely easy missions to help you learn the controls / collect characters for the game. I was pretty disappointed with this and thought it was way too easy. The later game definitely makes you think before you act. You can't brute force your way through most of the later levels. However, I was able to beat almost every level in a single attempt and no levels took more than 2 times to beat. I would really have liked a bit more of a challenge.The concept for the game was really cool but the actual story telling was sub-par. From what I understand the game developers are German so this might just be a poor translation.The items you pick up in the game feel extremely generic.There are three types of weapons ""Short Range"", ""Assault Rifle"", and ""Sniper Rifle"" each of which works well at a particular distance from targets. There are two (maybe three) different names for each of these and then a ""Mark I"", ""Mark II"", ""Mark III"", etc... as they become more powerful. The amount of ammo each can hold varies and is the only thing that keeps you from simply picking the biggest weapon as they tend to have few rounds per ammo consumption. I would have liked to see more variety here.The armor is pretty much the exact same as the weapons. There are three different types of suits: Scout, Assault, and Tank. Each provides some stats and shields. I did manage to find some ""special"" suits that were very different from the base ones which was nice. I'm assuming when the user created content comes out, we will see some very cool stuff.Each character has a unique set of abilities and ""level up"" through stim pack injections. Some people didn't like this as you are limited to 5 stims per character. But, this keeps you from simply making a single super character. I like the ability to level your characters in this way as it gives you more control over how you want to play them. Maybe you don't want to play that character as a tank: give them lots of aim so they can shoot from afar. In each level you have some required characters but then you get to choose additional characters to bring along. This was neat as you felt like you could mix / match abilities. However, most of the abilities didn't really seem to complement each other. Instead, you choose abilities for a particular mission (assuming you failed it previously).  It would have been nice to be able to replay missions with a different set of characters without having to start the entire game over (or maybe unlocking free-play after you beat the game would be nice).In general, I really enjoyed the game and was definitely worth the price."
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,253150,13201417,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"The game is a slow burn, too slow for my taste."
76561198015027071,Recommended,253150,32220536,Posted: 6 June,all,Serakfalcon,Very engaging strategy game. Easily replayable. Fun.
,Recommended,253150,11535904,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Another Persona,"Very, very fun little turn-based strategy game. Not too complex and the RNG can make you rage. I really enjoyed it. Good story, good atmosphere. Gets rather hard near the end. Totally worth the price."
,Not Recommended,253150,22164172,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,FalconerHG,"Boring and repetative level design and problem with difficulty balancing.Everything looks the same. The titleset is extremely limited, though lighting alleviates this somewhat. The enemies, however, are unimaginative and repeat themselves over and over and over and... well, you get my point.There's a thin but nontheless enjoyable story that won't win any prizes but keep you interested enough to want to pogress,Until you can't that is.The game is designed to be something to sink your teeth on, something toough - and that is fine, I like a challenge - but there are points in the game where frustration sets in to the point that you'd rather be cleaning motor gang lavatories than play this for one more moment."
,Recommended,253150,13464047,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,HuntertheWolf,this is a pretty cool game i was thinking of doing a series for it but then didint because i didint think anyone would like it but anyway this game is well heres a run down about this game its a mission based game with a simple looting system with some content like stims to boast you skills there is no abbilitys but theres also a store items also are some weapons and ammo i think if you want to follow my rating system here i go6-10 wolfsgoodit has some awesome rpg gameplayhas a good items spreadconsthe aim hit ratio needs improvements{what i mean is if im sitting right next to cover my hit ratio if the enemy is right on the other side it should be 100 not 2}needs more items and a better storeanother thing is i could see this doing good as a mmo but it depends
76561197998274943,Recommended,253150,11405650,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Burgomeister,"Squad-turn based tactical combat. Great retro sytle, SFX, Music. Not as complex as X-Com, but worth your time if you're a big fan. Eight characters, they all have 4 stats, health shields, agility, aiming. Each one has one active and one passive ability. There isn't any crouching or elevation changes, but full and half cover. You start out pretty terrible at aiming so there is the frustration of rolling misses. Enough items to keep it interesting, buffs, medipacks, gernades, guns and armors. The variety of enemies I've encounter so far (I'm only halfway =P) hasn't been that many, but it seems like their stats are varied. The story's good so far, but I don't know whats going on. Waking up on a ""abandon"" spaceship is a great plot device. Maps look great."
76561198026535249,Recommended,253150,28977697,Posted: 3 January,all,Longtail,"Best, but too short. Want moooore..."
,Not Recommended,253150,26609848,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Knightwolf,"Good concept and story.  However, the user interface feels clunky and the graphics could use work."
,Recommended,253150,26641585,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Iseirious,Loved it
76561197962301472,Not Recommended,253150,33758991,Posted: 23 July,all,[WB] MR PANTS,"Reasonably interesting concept, but this game is like trying to get the attention of a deaf waitress.""Miss...!  Miss...!  Miss...!""Seriously, you have to be up something's rear to have more than a 60% percent chance of hitting, and it seems like under 80% chance you're definitely going to miss.  I have spent most of the play time chasing these 3 guys around a large board unable to hit them.Boring.  Done."
76561198050865043,Recommended,253150,11392606,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,issssk,"After some initial problems, which were quickly solved by the devs, it's now running fine. However, the game is frustratingly hard already, and I'm just in the 5th level. There's no different difficulty settings, so buy only if you like a challenge."
76561198002493503,Recommended,253150,26501186,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chewmonger,Loved it!
,Recommended,253150,11368656,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,labtob,Loving this game so far!  Extremely well-made indie TBS with beautiful design and a well-produced soundtrack.Get this if you enjoy games like X-COM.
76561198008824452,Not Recommended,253150,34044391,Posted: 5 August,all,Iven3000,"I like this game, its a fun turn based stratagy with an interseting story, but they need to fix the RNG.I don't mind hard games, but if it says I have an 86% chance to hit them several times in a row. I want to feel like i am hitting 86% of the time.Making the game harder by crafting an unriliable RNG is just bad game design.If you like that then this is the game for you, but I won't play it anymore until they fix it, which they most likely won't."
76561198052265753,Not Recommended,253150,29283550,Posted: 15 January,all,Fourscoreclown,Great Idea for a game but a disapointment. Controls are buggy and combat is tedious
76561198006066386,Recommended,253150,23294712,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,rkuhnen,Love it!
,Recommended,253150,24811805,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MY STORY,Awesome. if you are huge fan of Sci-fi
76561197970571292,Recommended,253150,11373415,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nordvind,This lovely game is like playing a game back on the glorious days of Amiga whitout spoiling the nostalgia of that type of gameplay. Many pixelated games this days looks good but never catch the real atmosphere of an old school game.A must buy game!
,Recommended,253150,12191542,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Corrosion,its good. not great. but good.
,Recommended,253150,11418585,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Tmaystro,awsome game i hope thay gonne inplant mutieplayer
,Not Recommended,253150,33936497,Posted: 31 July,all,rybo,"In 17 minutes, I was able to tell what this game was and what it was going to be - simply, not for me. The enviornment of the first few areas were strangely designed, with several locations you could not access. Why bother having them there at all? It seems like that was done to crate an atmosphere that the game otherwise lacks in it's simplistic boxy enviornments. (I get that it's a grid - most TBS games are, but I don't expect this to be any different throughout save for art styles.)In 17 minutes, I was already forced to decide what items I would keep or discard - a silly choice for a game that's still giving me tutorial hints. After previously glancing at the other reviews stressing concerns about inventory management, I knew exactly how this would play out and that kind of micro-mangement is not a feature I want in a game like this. Playing devil's advocate, you're telling me I can carry 8 rifles OR 8 magazines? Try something different like weight or size if you're going to be restrictive. I would rather focus on building characters from a wide array of possibilities, not a forced series of choices.In 17 minutes, the majority of my playtime was watching a useless & unskippable cutscene and clicking through tons of blah blah dialogue. That's not what games like this should be about. Stop trying to interject plot into turn-based strategy (read: any) games. That's really all they should be: a series of fights, and maybe some aimless wandering to break up the repetition/monotony. After playing through Gorky 17 (numerical theme?) and craving more turn-based action - this was NOT a good choice to follow-up with. I think I'm just going to play through that again; maybe the devs should try the same."
76561197970504316,Not Recommended,253150,12532602,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,dzz,"Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to like this game, I could not.While the art style is very cool, the story itself is a bit too milquetoast (zombies on a space ship omg) to  carry the game when the tactical gameplay itself is lacking in depth.The art itself - while it appears quite nice in static screenshots, is lacking in depth and interest. A bit of parallaxing here and there, with some background animations would have gone a long way to selling the world. In practice, everything in the world feels very static. The fixed width ""Chunky"" walls and no multi-level environments means that there is a lack of truly interesting tactical environments.These flaws could be perhaps be forgiven if the interface was a little slicker. However, I found it frustrating to interact with the game world, and the UX around character/item management feels too klunky to be enjoyable.Overall I would rate this as a worthy sale-pickup - something of a curiousity worth playing if you're a tactical+pixel art diehard.Despite not being able to reccomend this game, I do not regret buying it. I think these developers are getting a lot of things right and I hope to see more from them in the future."
76561198139351715,Recommended,253150,12737391,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jack,ITS GOOD!
76561198080833647,Recommended,253150,30051728,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,I have plans to eventually play more of this game.
76561197966526680,Recommended,253150,11367370,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Saracen26,"This is a solid, well polished, Turn-Based RPG.If you have played modern X-Com, or Shadowrun Returns, you'll be no stranger to the mechanics here. It's the simple 2 Action point system where you choose to move and/or shoot. Naturally with games of this type that also means it has the auto Dice-roll system in place which determines attack & Defense (cover) stats. Even the AI plays a similar game where the difficulty curve gradually builds up from being dumb as a post, to hitting you harder and smarter in later levels.On first impressions, the story has a Dead Space feel about it. Monsters/Zombies on a ship, the ship turning against you, you've seen it all before. But the writing appears solid enough to keep you wanting to play... Which of course is one of the most vital things in games such as these.So you may be thinking (and groaning) that it's another pixel-art game? Whilst true, it is the attention to detail that sets it apart from being just another typical game with the same old graphical fidelity. The inside of the Goliath ship feels and looks like a spaceship. Litter and dirt is strewn amongst the lower decks, lose wiring hangs from damaged areas outside the confines of the playable area. Emergency Lighting creates a dim and hopeless atmosphere. It flcikers creating an eerie feel. Later on in the game it brightens up, adding colour to what still feels like a desolate hostile arena.Even in battle, weapons glow, shell casings fly out of guns and land on the floor, and they feel like they pack a satisfying punch. This is helped largely due to the well made sound effects that accompany this game. This leads on to the games soundtrack which is proving rather satisfying, and sets the right tone to the rest of the game.  The level of polish here would not be out of place amongst other titles developed by considerably larger teams.Still not convinced? Well the developers Robotality are not playing any games with their first Steam release. Within hours of bugs flying in, the game was patched to 1.01 addressing the most critical issues, resulting in a much more stable game right away. So it's likely such support will continue. Couple that with the promise of an editor and the inevitable Steam Workshop support, and you'll be investing in a game that will have a lot of replay value in many months to come."
76561197993971518,Not Recommended,253150,32413557,Posted: 14 June,all,J.Tarwin,Meh ... it was okay.
,Recommended,253150,11837692,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,GRINGOM0NTANA.noc,Like XCOM? Like old-school RPG's? Then buy this.
76561197969591532,Recommended,253150,11898836,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,kiwistalk,"Worth the price for the art & design alone!  Pickup and play with depth!  Gameplay is very, very similar to the XCOM game by Firaxis, except it's driven by a linear plot-line with no meta-game and it excludes terrain height or modifiers.  That's not to say it's a clone, as there are different features included and Halfway is a different game than XCOM that simply follows the same design concept.  The only hard negatives about the game are that there is nothing new here that hasn't been done before and the variety is weak.  Although, at the end of the day, every element is well implemented and thought out; a very enjoyable experience for tactical gamers or those looking for a slick, fun, sci-fi, indie computer product.Damn those turrets!"
,Recommended,253150,11897255,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,techbear,"Excellent!  Scratches the itch that the old X-Com games did.  In fact, the Gollop brothers should be proud they inspired this.Not too long; finished it in 3 days."
76561198021138655,Recommended,253150,11974448,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MrShoez,"Incredible Game  8/10The Good:-Beautiful Art Style-Very Atmospheric-Unique and Interesting Characters-Immersive Story-Satisfying Campaign Length (15-20hrs Depending on your pacing and skill with Strategy Games)-Moderate Learning Curve and Difficulty (Never too easy or too difficult)-Weapons and armor have balances that give way to hundreds of possible battle tactics-Awesome Sci-Fiy Sound TrackThe Bad:-Lore is never really explained-Level Design though good can be repetitive (Upper Decks look almost the same as lower deck levels)-Characters have interesting backgrounds but are never really expanded upon-Small selection of weapon types-Soundtrack though good is repetitive with maybe 2-4 songs in rotationOverall a great game and more than worth your money at $12.99. If you're a fan of media such as Aliens, Event Horizon, Mass Effect, X-Com, etc. then you will be at home with this game. This title would definitely benefit from a mobile release via iOS, Google Play and/or PSVita."
,Recommended,253150,11930082,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DeadGraphics,"Great game!.Good gfx, music that sets the tone of the game.  Great story that is left open for expansion.  (really hoping on that)Combat can be hectic, sometimes to easy, sometimes really hard.  (Most likely my fault since I stuck to a certain squad for most the game.)All in all I throughly enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,253150,12040254,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Merry,"Total retro-styled 2d gaming enjoyment. Great music, excellent game play and compelling story. I want to learn more about the universe in which Halfway takes place. I want to see what happens to the crew after the end credits roll. More of this please!"
76561198007706128,Recommended,253150,12023893,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,gisarme,"Not amazing, but fun enough for a playthrough."
76561197992301382,Recommended,253150,11878266,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Plutonlive,"What if modern TurnBaseStrategy was on SNES, Halfway is the answer to that question.Beautiful pixel art and a lot of detail on the animations. A script that will hook any fans of Science-Fiction and an excellent soundtrack. Halfway is a fun modern turn base combat strategy.From the menu wheel to spending extra AP for better aiming, the game os full of enriched gameplay. It's not as colossal as other TBS but for it's size and price, it accomplishes a lot.Any fans of X-com/Pixel art/90ies Science-Fiction will love this game."
,Recommended,253150,11880890,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BBoyCire,"I'm enjoying this game so far! My biggest beef with it is theres no skirmish, but since char don't lvl up from exp, and there are more loot than you can carry, I guess that's alright.It's pretty easy so far, turrets are kinda OP, snipers are useless unless you use 2AP or pump that unit full of drug, but if you don't, then that one sniper lady's skill can't hit anyone at allEquipments needs some balancing! Shotgun does not do enough damage consider how close I have to get to my targets, sniper rifles were biggest bullet eaters, had a decent one for about 5 missions, then found one with better stats and holds twice as many bullets, gradual upgrades should be better.Interface needs to be tweaked here an thereOverall, I like this!"
76561198013328690,Recommended,253150,12010776,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,rasabt,"Great pixel-art-artwork, set within an interesting alienesque szenrio (actualy Event Horizon comes to my mind aswell), driven by an amazing soundtrack, Halfway is way more than you would expect at first glance.Here's a deep tactical combat game, with some slight rpg-elements (like inventory-managment and loot, some minor char-development), nothing over the top like tripple A big publisher games, but instead lot's of love for small detailEven if you just got some minor love for games like X-Comb or group-based rpgs with roundbased combat give it a shot, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,253150,11828456,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,StL BlitzKrieg,"Are you in the mood for a solid, turn-based tactical game? Do you like challenging encounters? Do you enjoy characters with different personalities and an interesting story?If you answered yes to any of those, do yourself a favor and buy this game.People complaining about the combat come from people who must not enjoy difficult tactical games. While I will admit that this game doesn't have the deepest combat system, it does you give you a fair number of tactical options with which you can wage war on your enemies. Numerous weapon types and abilities will aid you in your escape off the ship. There are also a decent number of armor varians, each one working a little bit differently from the others, that you can equip your survivors with.The story is decent. It's baked well enough, although it does progress a bit slowly. The writing is good most of the time, with a little cheesiness here and there. Some missions feel a little fetch-questy. Other missions offer interesting combat scenarios. One mission might test you against a horde of enemies, another might test your teams ranged skills on an exposed platform.In the end, the game is $13. It does tactical well enough, but be prepared for a challenge, it picks up quick. The story is interesting, I haven't beaten it yet but I certainly want to know the ending. The characters are mostly interesting, some more than others but that isn't uncommon in games. The writing is good, but a bit cheesy at times.My final score: 8/10Also, if you don't like it when a character missed a 85% chance shot, you really shouldn't play this kind of tactical game. You'll get upset."
76561197983239292,Recommended,253150,11849707,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,XCE Ronald Mcdonald,"Awesome game, starts slow and simple, builds on itself. Very retro feel to it, if you enjoy Xcom and other squad turn based games, this is a no-brainer. Hope they continue to release more content for it."
,Recommended,253150,12193111,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Alzorath,"A nice indie Turn-based strategy game, while nowhere near as polished as its triple-A brethren, it has a good amount of depth and is a good 4-5 hours of gameplay for players who enjoy tactical games."
,Recommended,253150,19175118,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,praguepride,A great tactical sci-fi RPG. Colorful characters all with unique abilities that suggest but do not force strategies/weapon load outs.Very dark and interesting story that reminds me of a sci-fi version of The Raid (i.e. you're at the bottom of the ship and have to fight tooth and nail to get to the top of it).As a warning the ending and story line feel like it's paving the way for a sequel but there is definitely enough content and developments to make it worthwhile to push to the end.
76561197966517686,Recommended,253150,19217941,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Void*,"I just completed this game and I must say – this was one of the rare games that I was eager to see the outcome of.  From start to finish I felt like I was always against the wall – no mission was too easy and all felt like they furthered the plot along.  Let's get to the details!==Graphics==They are simple but nothing else is really needed; the characters and enemies are all recognizable and feel unique.  Plasma Fire looks good, the 'dusting' of enemies leaves a satisfying feeling, and the levels made sense.  The medical ward, cafe, apartments – they all felt right.  Little touches were here or there to give the impression of varied life throughout the ship and I really liked the fluff 'medical bay' in the home bases you established to explain how your party recovered life in between missions.==Sound==I'm going to sound like a wimp here – but one of the home-base themes always makes me feel sad; like longing for home.  The combat music felt right – helping to keep me on the edge (the final boss music especially, was unlike the rest and definitely 'alien' as it were).  The sounds of the guns firing, screams of the mutants (or your team-mates), doors, platforms; all of these seemed perfect to me.==Story==More than any game I've played in the past 3 years I needed to know how this was going to end.  I was really pulling for these survivors to make it through and escape.  I wanted to know how party conflicts were going to resolve themselves and some of the more hinted at details of the survivors.Unfortunately the game does leave off on kind of a cliff hanger; I feel as if the game story was 'halfway' completed akin to Anachronox if you ever played that game. This need not be a bad thing, but like Anachronox I really want a 2nd part!  ;)==Gameplay==The levels feel incredibly fine tuned – which is to say perfectly balanced with the idea of you gaining a grasp on the combat system, and purchasing/using equipment and gear through out the game.  The enemies were strong where they needed to be and frightfully good at gaining a tactical point to blast me with.  Every battle had me on edge – I wasn't sure if I'd pull through.The game interface is a bit tricky to get used to at first though but it's still simple enough.  A heads up for the would-be purchaser (none of the below are what I would consider 'bad' at all though).1)- I did not notice it, but I think you can only use medkits/shield-cells on other party members (not on the active character) through the inventory screen as opposed to the radial menu.2)- There is no 'undo movement' button which resulted in my untimely demise in the very final part of the very final mission.  Thankfully the game saves during each 'stage' of it so I didn't have to redo an hours worth of work.  :)==Sum Up==A simply wonderful game.  Tough.  A great story.  Simple but challenging game-play, excellent sound and appreciated graphics.  You've sold me on your product/games Robotality; now make the second part of the story so I can find out what happens!  ;P"
76561198148101633,Recommended,253150,19279013,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Demonight,"Good JOB! This game is AMAZING!Its a turn based very well balanced! Since tehres no Level Upgrades, you use stimpacks that you find in the game to improve character atributes, so you might screw some things up in the beggining of the game hahaWell, Im very impressed and happy to know that I finished this game! Cool guys!"
76561197969097267,Recommended,253150,18751624,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Zero K,"If you like squad or turn based strategy games, then I'd say this one is worth your time. The short level structure means it can rely on mid to high difficulty encounters later on, so if a mission kicks your♥♥♥♥♥you can re-equip and restart quickly enough. The game is pretty well balanced for the most part, though close-range weapons tend to get you killed after the first few missions, so keep your distance."
76561197974399543,Recommended,253150,19041543,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vochrtchor,Very nice old school like game.5 out of 5
,Recommended,253150,30519829,Posted: 14 March,all,JimmyTheUnstoppable,"Beat the game bout 12 Hours. Recommend to to Sci-fi tactics fans. Great storyline too! I have to disagree with how upset people seem to be with the hit chance. If you're a stranger to these types of games, you're going to have a bad time. Deal with it. Just enjoy the frackin game. It's not hard."
,Recommended,253150,17241869,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,tikend,"Beautifull 2D graphics, fun gameplay, solid story. Bit predictable AI, but that's about the worst thing about the game."
,Recommended,253150,17566125,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ragnarroth,"Very interesting game and fun to play though sometimes frustrating. It was slow to begin with but picked up pace when battles got bigger, definitely hoping for a sequel."
76561198141800847,Recommended,253150,17570807,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,J4MS,Great Game! Waiting to see a second part!
,Recommended,253150,17577279,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tristangideon,"Good, doog"
,Recommended,253150,17560912,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Schmaples,"...just finished and I have to say, I am quite impressed. 9/10"
76561197970559171,Not Recommended,253150,14073137,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cold Comfort,"This game isn't bad, it just seems overpriced for what it is. One of the few instances where I found myself suffering the gameplay to learn more about the story.Pros:-Interesting story!-Cool visual style!Cons:-Overly simplistic system (3 stats, only very basic actions in combat)-Highly repetitive combat-Low enemy variety (After numerous hours of gameplay, there were only 3 enemy types)-Vague cover and line of sight mechanics (Is the character in cover? What facings am I covered from? Why can't I shoot the enemy that's standing right in the doorway, when I'm on the corner?)Not a bad game, but it definitely needs more variety!"
,Not Recommended,253150,17453402,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,lorenkyau,"It's ok.  Not super tactical given the design decisions to go with retaliate vs some form of overwatch.  Shooting percentages do seem a bit wonky but that's only based on empiracal evidence.  Variety of enemies is pretty limited which makes most battles seem pretty reptitive.Great concept, great art, so-so execution"
,Not Recommended,253150,17454945,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,FilthVector,"This game starts out fun, and kind of interesting then it just turns into a chore to play. The characters are boring execpt for the professor who's just a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The story is also boring and seems to get stale about ""halfway"" through the game. The AI ranges in difficulty from ""which end do I fire with"" to ""this is why we can't have nice things"". I got this on sale for uner $5 and I kinda regret it. If you're seriously suffering from turn based strategy withdrawal get this on sale as it's not a complete wash but otherwise I'd suggest steering clear of this."
76561198011933026,Recommended,253150,17408835,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,PoyoDiablo,"First impression reviewI currently have lots of time to kill so I've bought almost 100 games on steam. Cheap, indie, AAA, retro, big hits, shooters, RPGs, puzzles... all kind of games. I have to say, so far Halfway is the one I enjoy the most.Nice ambient soundEasy controlsI like turn-based games :)Retro style, but not too much (I love retro games, I first played on a C64 back in the 80s... But that doesn't mean I want to play games in 320x200 resolution)Played 30 minutes and want to see moreNice mix ARPG / Top-Down ShooterSo far, I easily recommend this game.I'll update this (1st impression) review once I'm more familiar with the game."
76561198039587548,Recommended,253150,17501896,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Gremy,"Great game !If you liked Jagged Alliance first of the name, you may like this one.It is more simple and less long than JA but still a great little game.Just disappointed by the end, but it's an open for a second."
76561198035599199,Recommended,253150,17542499,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,johntohill,"Hard to believe this game was put together by so few people.  Hands down, it is an absolute marvel and joy to play, and I'm really hoping for a sequel.The plot is the standard sci-fi fare, you awake from cryo-sleep on a long-haul space flight, finding that your ship is randomly hyperjumping through space, whilst all around you humanoid mutants lunge at you from the shadows.  It is down to you to find fellow survivors, salvage for spare guns and ammo, figure out whats going on and attempt to escape the nightmare.  But the way it is told deserves particular praise, with all exposition delivered piece-by-piece through character conversations and in-game encounters.  The dialogue stays fairly safe throughout but there's at least a couple of characters of note.The gameplay, though straightforward, offers some serious amount of depth.  It's a turn-based top-down squad focused strategy game.  You spend the majority of your time being ambushed by mutants, lunging for cover, returning fire, and trying not to be overrun.  Once the smoke clears you salvage the area for weapons, ammo and medikits for future use or for conversion to credits to buy other much needed gear.  But you can't just point your guys at the enemy and expect to win.  Get ready to make strategic choices about defensive positions, weapon loadouts, which characters to bring, when to fall back and when to bring the fight to the enemy.  There are also some light RPG elements which is very nicely and uniquely implemented.  You don't gain experience per se, but rather you trawl the crates and lockers of the war-torn environments to salvage various stimpacks, each of which offer your characters an improvement to their agility, health or aiming ability.  But you can't just pump your favourite guys up to ridiculous levels, as each character can only handle 5 stimpacks before some side-effects become known, so you have to think twice about which characters get what stimpacks.The difficulty is very well balanced.  Usual walkover for first few levels, before a slow and steady rise over the considerably long campaign to some very challenges end levels.  There are indeed plentiful levels, with a varied environment and layout, each of which you must complete in one go, but they are short enough that the few times you do die won't induce much frustration.  Between each level you get to return to your makeshift camp to reload and refit and change your squad lineup.The aesthetics are wonderful.  Though oddly bright and colorful for a game about a grim slog through unforgiving, mutant-infested spaceship corridors, its the little details that make this game come to life.  From the gore-stained corridors, to the way your fallen foes disintegrate into ash, to the spent shell casings ejected from your varied weaponry, this game is one that draws you in and bathes you in its beautiful gloominess.I've only the one criticism, and maybe this was just me, but I couldn't find a way to change the text font size, so those of short sight may be in for a spot of bother.So in summary, this is a game you absolutely must own, and it's available at a very reasonable price!"
76561198025672123,Recommended,253150,17207026,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Quel,awesome game.
76561198134206932,Recommended,253150,17179837,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,orckiller,This is a very intresting game.
76561197993647811,Recommended,253150,17998160,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,The Drunken Badger,"An great little gem, especially if you enjoy the Turn Based genre. Could have probably borrowed more ideas from other turn based games to allow for more strategy (i.e: ""Overwatch"" from XCOM),Highly Reccommend. Would definitley buy a sequel."
76561197970057929,Recommended,253150,13851731,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Rune,"Interesting characters, fun/challenging combat, plenty of levels, good music, interesting plot, good price."
76561197998782412,Not Recommended,253150,13953125,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Epyon,"At first, I though ""This is exactly my kind of game"". A tactical sci-fi RPG with a dark and gritty theme. The UI is intuitive enough, the retro graphics are good enough, and the gameplay elements are relatively straightforward. Initially, I was intrigued by the higher level of difficulty relative to other titles in this genre.However, after playing a bit more, I find myself growing increasingly irritated: While I enjoy the difficult decisions created by the level design, which force one to consider position and cover, and I am interested enough in the story to want to play on, I keep wanting to ragequit because of several factors. First, the absurd stimpack system that accounts for character's growth. It is a system based on random acquisition of items that increase one of three stats, (aim, agility, and hit points). If you don't get any ""aim"" stimpacks, you aren't going to hit anything.Second, the weapons balancing in the game is atrocious. The only weapon worth anything is the sniper rifle, but only characters with enough aim can use one effectively. that means that one or two characters can hit an enemy outside of melee. The others...well they are meatshields that stand in the middle of a hallway you use as a chokepoint...the same tactic that you always use...over and over again...because you can't trade shots with the ""mutated ships technicians"" who somehow are better marksmen than you'll ever be....This, combined with the randomness of the item acquisition makes it virtually impossible for the player to influence the growth of any characters in their team without some serious luck. I can handle the difficulty if i can relish the reward of forging a team of elites.....Unless you like restarting a level to get the items you want, or would be okay with missing...again and again and again....I call this one a NO."
,Recommended,253150,14643675,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,wormhole009,Really well done.
76561198173188855,Recommended,253150,15877309,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hiney,"Nice little turn based tactial combat game with some RPG elements. Choose your team, check your loadout and head off into the bowels of your now abandoned ship. Fairly standard sci-fi story, with a few decent twists :) game play is good, graphics are nice. deffo a great purchase!"
,Recommended,253150,13060784,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Woolly Mittens,This is everything you craved nostalgically from Lasersquad without the management aspect of XCom. It is neatly held together by a survival theme.
,Recommended,253150,11507677,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,gecimen,"This is the game of my dreams!I love pixel art, I love retro games and I love fast paced turn based strategies. What's more, I love Sci-fi. For over a year I was dreaming of this exact game and I love it. Great artwork, great music, decent story and deep characters are a bonus.But don't expect an AAA title. This is a low budget, simple game by all means. For it's price, I'd give it a 8,5 out of 10."
76561198032390695,Recommended,253150,14798440,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,johberion,"Having just finished the game, I've got to say I'm not disappointed. The game is simplistic, for better or worse. Sometimes the combat system makes you yell profanity at your potato-brained group of jar heads. The maths behind it seems a bit off somehow, but all in all, it is an enjoyable experience. The story is really good, the missions quite varied and the combat is challenging. Solid game. 7/10"
76561197994745520,Recommended,253150,14159904,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Traqkha,Hard but rewarding strategy-wise :)
76561198006934629,Recommended,253150,13425386,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Blackoth,"Tactical Squad Turn-Based RPG's are something that I am fond of, Just started playing this and I can already see that im going to enjoy myself here."
,Recommended,253150,19494792,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jolls,"Great game, interesting story, game ending wasn't fully what I was hoping for but I like what they did."
,Recommended,253150,19418761,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jay §oyer,Great indie game.  Has an interesting take on ammo consumption that differs from most games.  Highly tweaked to be challenging.  Not too hard and not too easy.
,Recommended,253150,19672160,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ifdattic,"+ Good story+ Interactions between characters / their backstories / side quests+ Good combat- Ended a bit abrutly. Gives a feel of the second game, but would liked if explained a bit more before ending (what are the jumps, who are the enemy, etc.)- Takes a while before learning to play normally (might quit before starting to enjoy the game)- Randomly throws the enemies at you which can lead to bad consequences- Could add checkpoints inside a mission (makes it easy to drop the game when at the end of the long mission you fail due to a stupid mistake or chance)Good game if you like turn-based tactical games"
,Recommended,253150,21222169,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,AlienNova,The best game I can compare it to is XCOM and like XCOM I highly recommend it.
76561197976327138,Recommended,253150,20812412,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,becephalus,"A solid game, perhaps a little repetitive without enough enemy and scenario variety.  But a great ambinece and sound design and grpahic design and story.  Well worth the small cost.  Really enjoyed my time with it, though I abandoned it about 80% of the way through and finished out the plot on youtube because I was done with the game mechnics by then.  Had to finish the story though.Anyway hope for more good thigns from these guys."
,Recommended,253150,21275313,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Reap,"This is a superb game. Almost my game of the yea. Classic Turn Based Action. Percentage chances, great upgrade systems and an engrossing storyline."
,Recommended,253150,21199378,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,LordYabo,"I like this game because it has everything good about classic X-COM, but plays much much faster.Love the pixel art!"
,Recommended,253150,21535365,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Macragge,"This is a tactical game with soul. The story is great, the music is great, and the special abilities are great.  It stands toe to toe with any of the AAA tactical games. If I could give it a better endorsement, I would.  It's games like this that make me feel like we're living in an indi game renaissance."
,Recommended,253150,21360308,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,stabbyjones,"I really didn't get the feeling that the RNG was that harsh in this game. Even when it is bad none of the battles are particularly long or difficult. They checkpoint at the right time and you can actually bail on a level and reorganise your guys at your home base if you feel particularly hamstrung,Even in my toughest fights i've been able to hide or rely on the special abilities to get our of them.But other than that i got sucked in really quickly to this game and have had a lot of fun. This is a really good game, if you're on the fence about it i really suggest you grab it."
76561198031437711,Recommended,253150,21822562,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Runzel,great sci-fi game =)nice music/soundeffectsgreat style
,Recommended,253150,18622664,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,greentiger,"This is a good game but it has a couple of issues...Pros:+ good pixel art and animation+ good setting, mood, and storytelling+ cover system works well and is fun+ solid sound effects+ each soldier has a unique skill/power+ good level designCons:- characters only had one skill each, variety would've been nicer- ranges for some weapons ridiculously short- little enemy variety (though it fits story-wise)- I'd prefer an XCOM style overwatch to retaliate but it worksThis is a gem of a game--ultimately my biggest complaint is that there isn't more tactical variety. However, if you're into indie style games, and love tactical RPGs, get it!"
76561198037261523,Recommended,253150,17390305,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Rorim,"If you like a retro style game, with an x-com feel and great soundtrack, don't hesitate, buy it now!"
,Recommended,253150,17294626,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Σ.THD,"Another great title from publisher and game developer Chuckle Fish, not only is the art stunning but the way they do turnbased combat is the best i've seen. This is a great title and great story. if you are going to spend 5$ on anything other than this then you are crazy. Please for the love of the chuckling fishes everywhere get this game."
76561198014428260,Recommended,253150,16238217,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SadisticBuddha,"Decent story, x-com like gameplay with a focus on the narrative. I sunk quite a few hours into it and consider this a hidden gem on Steam, as I hadn't heard of it anywhere."
,Recommended,253150,12751857,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ShXIII,Very fun if you like strategy games like Shadowrun Returns or XCOM.
,Not Recommended,253150,28901578,Posted: 1 January,all,Voidez,"nice and fun game:good oldschool graphics.interesting story.but it has problems:1) balance.2) clunky interface.sadly, couldn't recommend it to everyone."
76561197973211168,Recommended,253150,35065015,Posted: 19 September,all,Mad Pierrot,Great game looking forward to pathway as well.http://pathway-game.com/
76561198025249920,Recommended,253150,35496802,Posted: 5 October,all,Tinyted,"Halfway is an interesting game, and one I'd recommend to play given its well placed low price point. The 10~14 hours of gameplay for the campaign seems accurate. But I only played 8.3 hours despite recommending it. Why? Read on.The graphics and aesthetics of the game is definitely good quality, it's basically what you see in the video promo and the screenshots. If you're not a fan of that, then I don't think anything in the game will change you. As the style is consistent, and the quality is steadfast.Gameplay wise, if you're familiar with XCom, then it will be no stranger. Full cover, half cover, percentage to hit are all designs the game uses. After a couple hours in the game, the gameplay tends to stay the same, and nothing really innovating occurs. Especially once you've obtained all the characters, there isn't much the game asks you to learn or adapt to. Weapons and equipments don't exactly have very distinct playstyles, there's the usual long range, close range, mid range weapons, grenades, medpacks, and shield packs, stat enhancers. If you've played XCom then you won't find any siginificant innovative gameplay. But you will find a decently balanced gameplay, that won't punish you too hard, and won't let you sail past challenges.Audio. I'm honestly not someone who pays attention to audio much, but I can say there wasn't anything that really annoyed me in terms of audio. So I'd say the audio is good and sets the mood, because I never paid attention to it.Story. There aren't exactly pointless sidequests, each sidequest reveals interesting tidbits about the characters, and of course allows you to stock up on gear and loot. Conversations with characters feel natural(to me at least). Characters have distinct personalities, that seem to play well with each other in terms of the dynamics. None of the personalities seem to be stereotypical, and none of them seem over the top. I personally found the characters fine, but since I don't really know much about writing character personalities, please consider this section a very subjective point of view to add to your data sample.Technical wise... This is where I have some grips and negative things about the game. There is no active save, so you can't save in the middle of the battle, the auto save does it all for you. Now normally that's fine, the auto save does save after each level. However the game ocassionally crashes when I'm playing. I'm not sure what exactly I'm doing that triggers it, I do know it has to do with some sort of index out of bounds, and seems like its whenever I use a special skill on a target, and I right arrow key to select another target there might be a conflict where at area of the code there is 2 targets, but somewhere else it only sees 1, which causes an out of bounds error with >= 1. But seeing that the game has been out for 3 years, I don't expect the developers to fix it. It didn't occur often, but occured twice during a lengthy level, and since I was 8 hours into the game, I decided to just watch youtube to figure out the rest of the story, and call it a day, since the gameplay was mostly the same.There is another part which is the modding part of the game that I didn't touch. It seems like you can customize your own campaigns/levels for other players to play. I personally sort of got the hang of how the gameplay engine works, and don't see myself playing anything about it again, unless its another fascinating story. But if you somehow just end up loving the gameplay, I guess there's some replayablitiy in the game with the custom levels people can make.Overall this is a great game for the low price it has. (I think I actually got it in a humble bundle)I will definitely pay attention to other games Robotality(the devs) makes. As they seem to be able to deliver a quality product. Yes, there were some crashes, but 3 years ago my programming was♥♥♥♥♥♥too, and can imagine the potential nightmare to fix a 3 year old codebase. I will be paying attention to their other and future games. As long as they can deliver a bugfree product, the games they make would definitely be interesting for me to keep an eye on."
