user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197989132185,Recommended,253110,7914173,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,pulp-reduced,"The Cat Lady is a game following our protagonist Susan: A depressed suicidal middle-aged woman that decided to end her life. She swallows a whole lot of pills and here is where the journey really begins, when you wake up in a dreamlike field to the protagonists confusion. The main story, if you look outside of characters and their interactions and how they end up, is not the most logical or devoid of plotholes, but I wouldn't focus completely on where you are and why due to the surreal nature of the game. Instead the focus should be on the characters, and really think of them as people, mainly Susan and Mitzi. Perhaps this interaction between cynicism and optimism - the existential crisis - isn't relatable to everybody, but it doesn't have to be, it's a game filled with greatly written dialogues and amazing visuals, interesting story elements with profound symbolism at every corner.This is a game where the visuals really mean something, where the artstyle, while bleak and macabre, is still incredibly powerful with salient bright-red blood and shocking aesthetics. The photorealistic nature of the game makes the visuals really speaks to you, it impacts you in a way not many games do. It makes every moment tense and terrifying especially considering how well the visuals are paired with the music. It creates phenomenally thick atmosphere of eery beauty. The characters move in an uncanny and rigid way which really adds to the overall uneasy “feel” of the game. It's a game where you can find the ugly beautiful, or just find it ugly. Although “ugly” would be totally suitable considering the circumstances.The music in this game goes from heavy distorted riffs with beautiful and powerful vocals to the minimalistic, somber piano pieces. The music is used perfectly in this game. When the piano kicks in during some of the monologues or some of the more laid-back dialogues you are just sat there awe-struck, amazed at how much you are drawn in. The music is overall very fitting and wonderful, matching each moment more or less brilliantly.The characters in this game are remarkably fleshed-out. Especially the main character and her relations. The way they talk to each other, they way they seem like they have some real connection on a personal level. How they argue about some of our protagonists more cynical ways of seeing the world, of how she look at other people, it felt very believable, it was written amazingly. From the “parasites”(the main plot impetus) we get some quite cool performances with some of the voice acting really convincing the player of how twisted, cruel and weird they are. How despite not being able to die we have reason to fear these people solely because of what they might do to us while we're still alive. I could write for hours on the relationship between Mitzi and Susan, but I wouldn't want to give much of it away out from its context.This is one of my favorite games, although that means nothing, it's really a game that I could insert myself in to, to feel like it was talking to me. It was a personal experience for me, which it may not be for everybody. Probably not for most people. But I think most people can enjoy the quirky/creepy characters, the insane visuals and the great music. That most people can enjoy the story which holds up fine just as an adventure. You can view this game from different perspectives and still thoroughly enjoy it for its different characteristics. I played this game almost a year ago and it's still fresh in my memory, it's truly one of the best experiences I've had in gaming. Personal or not. It's a game that is grown up. It's a game, among many others, that shows that this industry have something to it as well. That this is a valid art form. The thing we spend our time on, the things we think about, is also important, this is more than a time sink, our interests have merit. Our tastes can supersede visceral bloodshed. This game is perhaps not best suited for most gamers, but I long for a day where games like this has a bigger place in our medium, where profoundness trumps “fun” for a bigger portion of gamers. I only have one thing to say now, thanks, for everything."
,Recommended,253110,21772920,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Roserin Plays,"The Cat Lady is a rather interesting game, which does deal with a lot of dark topics that might not be suitable for younger audiences. Some of these topics are, but not limited to: death, depression, suicide, cancer, and homicide.StoryYou play as Susan Ashworth, a middle-aged woman who has just attempted suicide by swallowing a large amount of sleeping pills. She leaves a note with a simple “thanks for nothing” at the end, showing she has nothing really left to live for. Hoping to be released by death, she is instead offered another proposition, perhaps one she cannot refuse. From that offer, Susan’s tale begins. The story itself is one that can be a real tear jerker. The plot was interesting, with a few plot twists to keep it engaging and interesting, without making it too confusing. The story, though it is a bit linear, does have quite few choices that can affect the ending to an extent. The characters are all unique in their own respects, with their roles being portrayed in a very realistic way. Such as Susan, where she portrays the role of someone who is depressed very well, and does not make it seem over the top.GameplayThe gameplay is simple to learn, including a few puzzles to progress through the story; most are fairly simple, but some may require a bit more thought and effort. You can move left and right in the 2D environment and interact with objects, making the mechanics very simple to learn and will allow for easier immersion into the story. Paying attention to your environment and dialogues can help with these puzzles, helping to make sure you pay attention to what is happening.Aesthetics/AudioThe art-style is very interesting, being mostly in black in white, with a few scenes and objects being in color. Considering the topics that the game deals with, the black and white scheme fits it very well, but does so in a way that is not too cliché. The weakest part of this game is the voices for the characters. Though the dialogues from the characters are well put, the audio itself has varying qualities. This can catch one off-guard at first, but if you can ignore the quality of some of the voices, this will hardly be something distracting. The soundtrack on the other hand is spectacular, and fits well with the current mood of the story, plus some of the songs are absolutely great! Perfect for each scene it plays in, setting the mood just right.Verdict: 9/10If you enjoyed this review, please feel free to follow our curatorhere."
,Recommended,253110,12602934,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,tzumainn,"""The Cat Lady"" will hurt you.  The story of Susan Ashworth, a failed suicide forced to take a different path, will cause you pain and a degree of mental anguish - and that's okay, because there are some things that *should* hurt when you experience them, even through the proxy of a video game.The game can be thought of as having two halves that intertwine with each other throughout.  One half deals with Susan Ashworth's confrontation with five ""parasites"" - serial killers whose exploits are depicted with unsparing detail.  This portion of the game is suspenseful, gory, horrifying, and ultimately not all that interesting; the shocks and surprises are so over-the-top that they're easily dismissable as something that only happens in the world of make-believe.The power of ""The Cat Lady"" comes from its other half.  This part of the story is far more personal, dealing with the past trauma that led to Susan's suicide attempt; her growing friendship with a young boarder named Mitzi with a haunted past of her own; and their efforts to save each other from the inner darkness that threatens to consume them.  Their stories are dark, but the game wisely introduces a lot of humor in their relationship as well (""think of a vegetable"") that occasionally descends into outright farce (the babysitter scene comes to mind).  This balance, along with the excellent dialogue and voice acting, make Susan and Mitzi seem very real, and that makes it impossible not to emphasize with them both.And that makes the game's soul crushing scenes all the more devastating.  The one that hit me the hardest involves an argument between a husband and wife, one that begins with petty accusations and descends into shouted accusations that visibly bludgeon the characters.  There's no physical violence or over-dramatized threats, and the scene is all the more terrifying because of it.  The situation is understated and real, as are the tragic consequences, and I was unable to shake the uneasy feeling that I was watching the lives of two real people fall apart.""The Cat Lady"" allows the players to make choices along the way that decide Susan and Mitzi's ultimate fate: whether they conquer their pain or fall prey to it.  I'm oddly proud that I managed to achieve a measure of peace for them both.  When I was done, I briefly thought about playing through the game again to view the other endings - but I quickly decided not to.  It is wrong to play with human lives and cause idle grief, and by the time the credits for ""The Cat Lady"" rolled I was unable to think of Susan and Mitzi as anything other than real."
76561198243298296,Recommended,253110,32713189,Posted: 23 June,all,MistyScotch,"Psychological horror fans, this is the game for you.For me, this dark and twisty story was a gem of a game and incredibly immersive to the point that I had goosebumps and had to step away for a bit and go do something else like eat pizza and pull my mind away. Hands down, an amazing psychological thriller drenched with horror that delves into the dark corners of human existence and shows the horrible things people are capable of. The thngs you don't ever want to think about.It’s not for the faint at heart. This game is completley uncensored.There are a lot of sick and twisted scenes that might put some people on edge that deals with themes focused around death, suicide,♥♥♥♥♥♥attempts and depression. And some characters that will simply make your skin crawl.The game play is similar to standard point & click games, with basic puzzles that require you to do something to make progress, great for a person like me who enjoys videogames and playing them, but is absolutely TERRIBLE. SO TERRIBLE. I felt like the puzzles were pretty straightforward and I didn’t get stuck on one for hours at a time.Overall, I was blown away by the attention to detail and wonderful game design. The voice acting really brings the main protagonist, Susan Ashworth,  as well as other characters to life and the music was spot on for the scenes and the overall dark disturbing art style.I don’t want to give too much away, but I highly recommend you buy it and check it for yourself. I'm late the the party, but apparently there is another game, Downfall, that deals with another set of characters in this universe and I can't wait to buy it and check it out.Lucky for me, the Steam Summer Sale is going on right now. :)"
,Recommended,253110,19570709,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""...yeah, I've already been to hell. They don't want me there."" - Susan AshworthNearly all my friends were pestering me to play this game for a year now, and the title being my only clue to its content, I was expecting a somewhat sarcastic, maybe semi-realistic satire. Oh, have I ever been so wrong?The Cat Ladyis a brilliant display of pure symbolism on the gravity of one notion: self - and also one of the most striking games that I've ever played. It is bold, brutal and unconventional. It is a downer and a punch to your gut that you'd be glad to have. Ironic, isn't it?The Cat Ladyis the story of Susan Ashworth. Susan is a 40 year old woman, who lives alone in an apartment in the forsaken part of town. Her one joy in life is playing the piano. That's also how neighborhood cats know that it is feeding time and rush towards Susan's balcony, to her neighbors' distress. The story starts with a radical decision on Susan's part: she decides to die and swallows a truckload of pills to put a point to the story of her life. As you may have guessed so far, our main character is suicidally depressed and unbeknownst to her, her suicide attempt is the exact moment that her life takes a turn for the creepy and the unexpected. Within the timeframe of a single night, Susan will be invited to take an offer and witness events unfitting even to her most morbid nightmares...Let's start with a fair warning:The Cat Ladyisn't suitable for all audiences. It doesn't only contain; it isbased onthemes such as suicide, depression, guilt, cancer, gravity of choice and of course, the value of life. The game is also highly graphic and even brutal, when displaying certain notions or psychotic conditions, using gore, sexuality and disturbing symbolic imagery to its advantage. Mind that, language would be the least of a fragile person's concern in this long list. You are warned. Lovers of the weird, the obscure and the surreal; please keep reading!Now we are done with our warning, we can take a closer look on the game itself. Graphic wise, one would say there is nothing extraordinary. We have two dimensional environments in dark colors and somewhat dark figures drawn in aVertigo Comicsstyle walking on this linear environment, is that it? Nope. I think that the artwork is a major part of the atmosphere by establishing a sense of hopelessness, a darkness: a sense of being lost without a glimpse of hope for being found. We constantly witness the potential towards evil within human soul just by observing the environment and scenes of the story. Everything is pictured in shades of black and gray, with only dreamlike symbolic imageries possessing vibrant, even alarming colors to predict a shocking revelation.The reality that we are presented seems to justify the gloomy perception of our heroine. I'd love to present some more solid examples in imagery, but that would be presenting spoilers, sorry. Suffice to say that the artwork in this game is chosen to be in synch with the main theme masterfully, and I also believe all that we observe presents Susan's perception of reality aside what would be actually real. Combined with a soundtrack medium to channel appropriate feelings such as sorrow, panic, serenity, humor, rage or hope; the game manages to create a striking atmosphere with so little in display.Gameplay is deadly simplistic: I present you arrow keys to move or manage your inventory, and enter to interact. That's it. Oh, and if you are impatient or replaying a scene to hunt for an achievement, there is always space key to skip dialogue. But if it is your first playthrough, you'll want to pay attention to every single word! If you carefully observe the environment and all on-goings, you are in a symbolic feast and given some clues to the backstage of events. You are also given a couple of under-toned choices which may change the ending of the game - yup, the game has 3 different endings and some replay value.By the end of the day,The Cat Ladyis more of an artistic statement with a story to tell rather than a game. When I come across either games or other media claiming to try and deal with depression, their selling slogan is usually ""life is good; here is some sunshine and flowers, and unicorns puking rainbows!"" Come on, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is cheesy, insincere and lacks any kind of insight to the actual problem.The Cat Ladypresents a solid view point and taps to the reality of a problem brutally. Without exploring the perception, no one would be able to claim holding a solution, right? Here is the glimpse of the problem wrapped in a brilliant empathy simulation: an actual story crowned with the aphorisms of human mind.In short,The Cat Ladyis a must have for anyone that enjoys strong narrative and genuine symbolism; and mostly for the lover of the obscure. You'll remember this one, I promise you.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198025653291,Recommended,253110,13501464,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Steph S.,This is a horror game about Susan Ashworth a 40 year old lady who is suicidal and suffers from depression.The game is about the choices we make and the consequences from making those choices.A very good story and voice acting. Worth your time.
76561198065289104,Recommended,253110,14059146,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Vanille,"*I've beat this game twice and have all of the achievements.*Synopsis from store page: ""The Cat Lady follows Susan Ashworth, a lonely 40-year old on the verge of suicide. She has no family, no friends and no hope for a better future. One day she discovers that five strangers will come along and change everything...""Before I go any further, I will give you probably the most important detail since this alone is a deal breaker for some: This game is story driven. There is a LOT of dialog and cut scenes. What action there is consists of solving problems.That out of the way, this game is AMAZING. It might be one of my favorite games ever. If you like dark, morbid games; this will be perfect for you. I don't think I've ever seen a game as morbid as this one. In this game, it's safe to assume that the worst will happen. Insanely creepy with haunting music, this game does not disappoint.I will admit one thing, however. There were times when I couldn't play this for more than ten minutes. You have to be in a certain frame of mind for this one, and if you are a highly depressed person, this game may not be for you as the main character longs to die for most of the game. There are seven chapters and in my opinion the game really kicks off towards the end of chapter two. That's when your mind is blown and the game's true colors really shine.This game is not very long. The dialog is what takes up the bulk of the time played. The achievements are not difficult at all. There are guides in the community hub and you should have absolutely no problem in this regard. There are multiple endings for this game. Without giving too much away, I HIGHLY suggest you save right before you are given a shoe box. Trust me on this one.The graphics may be throwing you off as you consider this game. Trust me, I'm not a big fan of games like this where the graphics are old school and unrealistic. But you will soon appreciate the art and realize this game was made perfectly when it comes to graphics, music, and voice acting.If you do love this game, check out Downfall in the Greenlight area. It is a remake of an older game made by the people who made The Cat Lady. I haven't played it yet, but I have read quotes from the creators that say they think the remake might even turn out better than this game. I'm so excited! It's supposed to come out this year. It HAS been greenlit.One last piece of advice. One I give for every horror game. Play this alone, in the dark. Even better, with headphones.Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,253110,17154932,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Eternity,"Fragile and yet strong. Flawless.Pictures, emotions and sounds completingeach other perfectly. A brilliant game.A bit disturbing, but that is what you wanted :)The voices and thoughts are refreshing, fullof absence of trash and wannabe intelligence.Musics crowns this game and carries you away.It's always hard to move one when you finish a gamethat truly touched your heart but this one I miss badly."
,Recommended,253110,14816257,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Disturbing & Original // Not A Game For Cheerful People+ The voice-actor for the protagonist is talented and convincing; she did an excellent job with nuances of expressing the emotions of the character+ Boasts some genuinely disturbing (and sometimes frightening) moments that are delivered with finesse+ Art style, for both characters and environments, is well-presented and fits well with the theme+ Ambient sound is deeply unsettling, keeping the player properly unnerved throughout the experience+ The way the game subdues its colors goes a long way to further immerse the player+ There is a strong focus on character development+ Interesting choices of musical score that are well-place to complement their respective scenes+ Puzzles are interesting and fun to move through; often one will find that they need to be creative to advance beyond an obstacle+ Multiple endings available, depending on dialogue choices- Cannot pause during conversations- Voice-acting for secondary characters is largely mediocre (at best)- The story suffers some moderate pacing issues, often dragging scenes on for excruciating lengths of time- Little replay value beyond Steam achievements and multiple endingsLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,253110,15827089,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Faust,"Review: The Cat LadyWriting a review about this game, although I haven’t played it for a while now, may sound strange to you, but I can’t let it drown in the abyss that is called Steam. It deals with problems like depression, loneliness, social and moral decay of society, problems that became stronger in Modern times. ""Time is Money"", isn’t that one of those sentences everybody hears or even says every day? If I ask you, whether or not you can tell me what the name of your neighbor is, how many of you could answer that question? And not to mention that sweet anonymity the internet has to offer, literally forcing millions of people to present their point of view to others, even if they haven’t been asked for.So what is this all about? Meet Susan Ashworth, middle-aged, cynical, depressive, cat-loving and about to commit suicide. Spending her last breaths with her beloved Tomcat, Teacup, Susan finds herself in another world, not knowing if this is life, death or even something worse. A woman, calling herself “Queen of the maggots”, is waiting there, offering Susan something that will bring her in touch with five different strangers. And it seems like they don’t want to hold a tea party at all.I won’tand simply can’tspoil more information about the plot right here because it might alter your whole experience while playing, so let`s have a look at the game’s execution instead. The Cat Lady aims to be a psychological horror adventure, that is divided into different chapters and presented with side scrolling 2D-graphics. Although people seem to look strange, undefined and even ugly sometimes I can’t imagine a better setting for this game, especially in combination with the well drawn and often animated backgrounds. Items will get highlighted if they can be used, clicked or interacted with, some can be stored in a small inventory. Puzzles aren’t very hard at all, the plot is all that matters. Most of the time you have to find Object A, combine it with Object B or interact with Object C, but still there are some really special interactions while playing the game that I will never forget, may they be offensive or simply unique. You will also encounter many dialogues that may have a huge impact on your game or even ending so be aware of what to choose in the conversation trees.This game is rated 18 and that for some reasons. Violence, murder, suicide, anger, rage,♥♥♥♥♥♥and psychological terror are only the tip of the iceberg of what this game has to offer. Since these themes only refer to human behaviour that has been like this for ages, there is nothing to feel offended about. It is illustrated gruesomely, but never without an aspect of art, like there is even a reference to a certain book of Stephen King that I don’t want to spoil here. Besides that, people who aren’t at least 18 yet may lack some experience in life. Understanding or feeling what this game wants to show can be hard for those who have never felt what living a life can imply sometimes.Before I start to summarize the points I mentioned above, I want to bring up the amazing soundtrack. It manages to walk the line between honeymoon daylife and the feeling one might get, right before getting engulfed into the abyss of depression and psychotic horror.Big Text, Quick Facts:Pro:A mature plot one can hardly forget - realistic core meets terrifying fiction. Or the other way around?Although depressing and cynical to the core - Susan is credible and pleasant!Wonderful artwork (just look at chapter 5)Well written dialoguesSome unique mechanics the player must use to proceedUgly, disgusting or unkind - but interesting side charactersTopics might offend people, forcing them to think outside the boxMultiple EndingsFitting, engaging and enjoyable SoundtrackCatsCon:Some puzzles won’t challenge experienced adventure playersSummary:I know I wrote a lot above but words cannot describe what playing and finishing this game made me feel. This is easily one my most beloved stories a game could offer, including all its violence and hate. You don`t have to suffer any mental problems to understand how Susan could get into all this but you might need some morbid interest and a big package of black humour to help her through it. I call it an indie masterpiece with great artwork, sound and plot.9/10"
76561198035322847,Recommended,253110,12633178,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Conor,"This game is a masterpiece.I had planned on writing a comprehensive review, but blergh.Just play this game. It's incredible."
,Recommended,253110,14048028,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kylee,"Started this game hoping for a depressing horror experience, ended with tears & snot and a greater will to live 11/10"
76561198122898345,Recommended,253110,33215485,Posted: 3 July,all,Verona's Love,"The Cat Lady... Perhaps a boring game for many, but when you get into it, and you really understand the story, believe me, you can't stop playing it, and it intrigues you to know what fate and death have saved for Susan Ashworth, a solitary and depressive woman, whose only company in life are the cats, whom she calls while playing the piano to see them and feed them; the only beings in the world who seem to understand her and diminish her grief, even knowing that they don't speak, and they'll never answer her, at least, not in words. Susan is fully convinced that life doesn't make enough sense to her; is convinced that no one needs her, and no one will miss her the day she ceases to exist. After her suicide attempt, she has a new opportunity to live (..to live..), and has an opportunity to do the right thing and eliminate people who, according to the old woman named ""The Queen of Maggots"", are Parasites, the scum itself, and that they have no right to continue living, because of the damage and pain they cause in other people. Susan cannot refuse, and for this, she has been granted a gift, longed by many, too much for others, and utterly disastrous and meaningless for Susan: Immortality.My name is Diana, and maybe it sounds crazy, but I swear, the first time I played this great game (one of the best I've ever played) I felt attracted to the story, and so identified with Susan... I shed some tears, 'cause of the sadness and astonishment I felt at the moment. It's funny, the game is too realistic with its arguments... Maybe because that's how I feel sometimes, and I found so many similarities of my life projected in the game... So, I had to finish it... I really wanted to know what was going to happen with the return of Susan to life, to the real life that Mitzi Hunt taught her to live, because despite the distrust (in part) Susan shows at first, and although she was a lonely woman, and therefore closed and reserved , she showed her that in life there's too much more than we imagine, many reasons to go forward, many reasons to smile, and many things to live for, because it's really worth to try it.Note:As you expect, the end has its variations, this due to the decisions you've taken throughout the game.-------The Cat Lady... Quizás un juego aburrido para muchos, pero cuando te adentras en él, y comprendes realmente la historia, créeme, no paras de jugarlo, y te intriga saber qué es lo que el destino y la muerte tienen guardado para Susan Ashworth, una mujer solitaria y depresiva, cuya única compañía en la vida son los gatos, a los cuales, ella llama al tocar el piano para verlos y alimentarlos; los únicos seres en el mundo que parecen comprender y disminuir su pesar, incluso sabiendo que no hablan, y que jamás le responderán, al menos, no con palabras. Susan está completamente convencida de que la vida no tiene el suficiente sentido para ella; está convencida de que nadie la necesita, y de que nadie la va a extrañar el día en que ella deje de existir. Tras su intento de suicidio, ella tiene una nueva oportunidad para vivir (..vivir..), y tiene una oportunidad para hacer lo correcto y eliminar a personas que, según la anciana apodada ""la Reina de las Larvas"", son Parásitos, la escoria misma, y que no tienen derecho a seguir viviendo, debido al daño y al dolor que causan en otras personas. Susan no puede negarse, y para ello, le ha sido concedido un regalo, anhelado por muchos, demasiado para otros, y completamente nefasto y sin sentido para Susan: Inmortalidad.Mi nombre es Diana, y quizás suene algo descabellado, pero juro que la primera vez que jugué este magnífico juego (uno de los mejores que he jugado) me sentí tan atraída por la historia, y tan identificada con Susan… Derramé algunas lágrimas por la tristeza y el asombro que sentí en ese momento. Es gracioso, el juego es demasiado realista con sus argumentos... Quizás porque es así como me siento algunas veces, y encontré tantas similitudes de mi vida proyectadas en el juego… Tenía que terminarlo... Realmente quería saber lo que sucedía con el regreso de Susan a la vida, a la verdadera vida que Mitzi Hunt le enseñó a vivir, porque pese a la desconfianza (en parte) que Susan demuestra al principio, y pese a que era una mujer solitaria, y por ende cerrada y reservada, ella le mostró que en la vida hay mucho más de lo que imaginamos, muchos motivos para seguir adelante, muchos motivos para sonreír, y muchas cosas por las cuales vivir, porque realmente vale la pena intentarlo.Nota:Como es de esperarse, el final tiene sus variaciones, esto debido a las decisiones que has tomado a lo largo del juego."
,Recommended,253110,33696304,Posted: 21 July,all,Gatsu,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. The story, art, dialogue, music, puzzles are fantastic, A must play for those who like psychological horror genre and memorable stories.10/10 Cats"
76561198105669772,Recommended,253110,22963659,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Marquise Spinneret Mindfang,"If your feeling extremely depressed in your life, whether it's contemplating suicide or wanting to hurt yourself. PLEASE play this game, it helps a lot. Always play this game over and over again if you have a single thought of suicide, this game will show you the life of someone who is suicidal overcoming their depression... I won't say anymore about the game, seriously play it its worth it."
,Recommended,253110,21466536,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Celtic7Guardian,"Not for the faint of heart, but a tremendously rewarding experience!I first began using Steam during the 2015 summer sale. I found a bunch of games for dirt-cheap prices that looked great. One of those games was The Cat Lady. I got it for less than $3 on a whim. The name attracted me, and after seeing it had a lot of positive reviews, I figured it was worth a try. Normally I don't play horror games, as I prefer watching other people play them due to getting scared too easily.I am not sure what caused me to look past the horror label for this one, but I am so glad that I did. What I got for those measly three dollars was one of the best games I have ever played. For fifteen hours, I was utterly hooked by the tragic story and amazing characters. I suffer from depression, though not to the extent of the protagonist (I have never seriously considered suicide, for instance.) To say it is portrayed well is an understatement. If you suffer from depression, or knows somebody who does, my guess is that you will be stunned at how accurately it is shown here. That played a big role in why I was totally absorbed. However, there are many more positives to be spoken of, as shown below.Pros:The story. I cannot stress how much the story works. It seems to have supernatural elements, though how many are truly supernatural is up to interpretation. Whichever the case might be, it does not take away from the many realistic parts of it. This game portrays serious matters, such as depression, cancer, and suicide. It does this respectfully and accurately. The developer did his research, including working at a hospital, and it shows.A good story cannot exist without good characters, and this game delivers in spades. Susan Ashworth, the protagonist, is one of my favorite characters ever. The others that get development are also fascinating. A lot of the characters are not looked deeply into, but it hardly matters. This is Susan's story, and the people important to her get the development they need. They easily carry the tale by themselves.The dialogue is very well written. I could quote several parts that were beautifully pieced together. The ending line remains the best ending line I have ever heard in a game.Major props for the voice acting. I thought all of the voice actors were excellent. The Queen of Maggots gets a special mention from me. Her voice acting is absolutely perfect for her character.The graphics create an atmosphere all on their own. Much of it is gray, black, and white, with the colors splashed in making prominent statements. The characters look great. There are some shifts in art style at times, and they are striking in all the right ways.The music also makes for great atmosphere. You get the basic soundtrack for free by purchasing the game. An additional soundtrack is up for a quite reasonable $3.99 pricetag. I bought it just for the ending song, but all twelve tracks on it are worth having.The gameplay is simple to learn and effective in use. It's a fine game for a keyboard and mouse. Point and click is the main deal here, with puzzles being scattered throughout. I never found the puzzles to be frustrating. There are subtle hints scattered throughout the game that make them all reasonable to solve.A game with dark subject matter has to have some humor present, or the audience will be apathetic to how the story unfolds. Susan is a master at dry sarcasm that adds a bit of levity to the situations she encounters. Some black humor is present, and it works well.One of the main gimmicks here (which you learn quickly, so I don't feel this is a spoiler) is that you cannot die. Most horror games would lose suspense without the character's life being in danger. The Cat Lady keeps that suspense despite Susan's immortality. This might not seem like a huge positive, but given how difficult that is to do, it really deserves recognition for that.Multiple save files are present, which is nice for keeping tabs on sections you might want to jump back to. It comes with a large amount. There is a negative side to this, though, and that is listed below.There are a lot of choices to make throughout the story. The effects might not be as big as in some games, but they are there, and that is a nice element.The gameplay has some changes in different chapters. It keeps the gameplay from becoming stale while still remaining similar overall.Most of The Cat Lady's achievements are reasonable to obtain and a nice bonus overall. I liked getting them. Some of the names are pretty amusing, too.There is a cat named Teacup. Teacup is one of the most adorable names for a cat ever.Neutral:One part of The Cat Lady has a homage to Downfall. On one hand, the tone fits, and it advertises Downfall existing (which I did not know until I saw that part.) On the other, it comes out of nowhere and is ultimately unnecessary.The five endings provide some variety. They are similar to one another, though, and could have used a little more diversity.While you get to decide Susan's backstory to an extent, it does not play much of a role later on. I enjoyed making those decisions on what happened in her early years. I just wish they mattered more in the long run.Susan cannot sprint. Some sections might seem tedious for people since they cannot quickly get past long areas. I found that it added to the atmosphere, but I can understand other people being frustrated at that.There are trading cards for this game. I personally like the art, but I have to question why some characters showed up in them and others didn't. They're a nice addition for those who care about cards.Cons:There is one section in the game where Susan has to walk through a foggy area. My computer lagged horrifically during this part. Fortunately, it is a small area, and it never lagged again.Save files are limited to 50, and they cannot be overwritten. Moving the files to another location on your computer is not difficult. I would have preferred being able to overwrite them, though. I'm the type of gamer who saves a lot, so this stood out to me. Other players might not be affected as much, depending on their play style.One of the achievements relies on the random movements of a character. Save scumming makes it possible, but it is a tedious and luck-based achievement that isn't much fun.One of the characters could have used foreshadowing, as he appears to come out of nowhere.There are some spelling errors sprinkled throughout. It could be much worse, but a bit more proofreading would not have gone amiss.Overall experience:I still can't believe how much The Cat Lady affected me. It is a tragic and beautiful tale that is conveyed brilliantly through the characterization, dialogue, and gameplay. I have so much respect for it that I made up for my sin of not buying it at full price by getting the remake of Downfall the moment it came out on Steam, rather than waiting for it to go on a big sale (which I do for most games.) I think I heard that physical copies exist of The Cat Lady, and if so, I will go buy it just to say I have it. That is how much I love it.Rating:10/10. This is a very rare score for me to give. No game is perfect, but The Cat Lady comes so close to it. Its positives vastly outweigh its negatives, and its story and characters are among the best I have ever had the privilege of experiencing. If you believe you can handle the mature tone and the many serious topics it brings up, I urge you to play it. The payoff is completely worth it.Looking for more great indie games? Check out my other reviews onIndie Games Treasure Trove!"
,Recommended,253110,14020855,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FinGin,"It's a perfect game.. or more like ""purr""fect game! (Hah, get it? Since it's got cats and...)._. just buy it"
76561198031765203,Recommended,253110,23304914,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"It's hard to put The Cat Lady into words.The Cat Lady is a story-driven tale about a woman named Susan who feels that nothing in life matters. The only friends she has are cats. Susan feels that she is worthless, and so she determines to commit suicide through a pill overdose.Simply put, The Cat Lady is an emotional roller coaster. The story deals with the darkest reaches of the human psyche and approaches them in a grotesque and artistic manner.The game is dialogue and story heavy. So get your beverage of choice ready while you follow along with the story.The gameplay itself is quite simplistic - you don't even use a mouse. You simply use the arrow keys or the ""wasd"" keys to move around and Enter to select. You can use space bar to speed up dialogue (some of the dialogue in this game can take a while to get through but it's well done and worth following).Overall, The Cat Lady is a truly unique experience. Don't be fooled by the simple interface and graphics - The Cat Lady is a powerful, impactful, and mind rending experience.The Cat Lady takes about 8 hours to complete.9.5/10"
,Recommended,253110,18606667,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Atomic,"Rarely have I been drawn into a game like this, especially these days. I'm not just talking about being addicted to a AAA game or some other game where when it's over you kind of start to forget about it eventually, if it's a game you can freeroam after it's over you might play it for a couple of more hours, mod it and so on but eventually it fades.The Cat Lady however, is like a book that I just want to read about forever and I'm not a huge book reader mind you (American Psycho and anything by Haruki Murakami is basically all I read) this surrealistic world is beautiful and I wish there were hundreds of more hours to soak into. (Going to check out all 4 endings and achievements I missed though)Not to mention the soundtrack, I'm sort of a video game soundtrack collector but 80% of it is basically memories and nostalgia so it's not just a big collection of pointlessness. Counting only my MP3s (and not FLAC) there's about 175GB in my VGM folder. And this soundtrack is definitely one of my all time favorites, a lovely blend of guitars, dark ambient, blues, jazz, piano and downtempo with a unique personality and style.Turned out to be one of my all time fave games no doubt. I could go on and on in detail about the story and everything but it's better for you to experience it all,and I would like to end it here with my highest recommendations, fuzzy feelings, goosebumps and aural o r g a s m s.(Why is that word censored?)Here's a magnificent trailer of the game if you haven't seen it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BczPm1d5_18"
,Recommended,253110,15867432,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lymanity,"""Have you ever felt like a game was made just for you? Like it was pandering to your own sensibilities and sense of humor?""Yeah...The Cat Lady is a 2D sidescrolling adventure title that features dark, macabre settings and situations. If you're sensitive about suicide or think mental illness is merely matter of willpower, you might not enjoy or understand this game.If you want to know enough about the story, I'll talk about it here, but it'll be blacked out for those who wish to skip this part of the review.The story starts with a 40-year-old lady named Susan Ashworth, who abruptly ends her life at the beginning of the game, but instead of being brought to a traditional afterlife, she's brought to some strange place in between life and death where she meets a mysterious old woman who explains that Susan has a job to do back in the world of the living: Kill ""parasites"". After convincing Susan that she should give this life a chance Susan revives in a hospital wondering if she just had a really awful coma experience or if what she experienced while dead really happened.The voice acting usually hits the mark and I feel like a lot of the characters are actually having a conversation instead of reading lines. There's a few actors who felt phoned in (two, in fact), but they're so minor it didn't really bother me.The puzzles aren't really difficult, but sometimes finding the right item or information to progress can be frustrating. Exhausting all of the game mechanics will help you out though, as you can grab, use and examine objects, and the adventure game pro in you should always do all these things. Sometimes though you will have to just mess around with fussy positioning of your character.There is a problem with some of the layering taking up massive amount of resources while in the highest ""resolution"". The resolution is probably actually 800x600, but there is some texture options that the setup offers that allow you to make the game look as it was intended with crisp background. The character models suffer a little and look a bit pixelly, but I didn't think that detracted too much from this title being that it didn't require mechanics that revolved around precision.There are multiple endings, but I just played through it once and the ending was really emotionally satisfying.All in all, I'd say that I really, really enjoyed my time with The Cat Lady and I think people who have similar dark tastes as I do would as well."
,Recommended,253110,28208264,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,frq_luke,"A different kind of adventure in many (good) ways: unique artstyle, very effective use of sfx and music, unusual characters (for a video game), great blend of horror and melancholy.I want to write ""I enjoyed it a lot"" - but that doesn't quite fit the mood of the game.Let's say: I am really glad, I played this game. And you should too.Yes, that sounds about right."
,Recommended,253110,13881576,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lady Zana,"Where do I begin ... I randomly bought this game because it was very cheap (sale) and because the theme looked interesting to me. I normally never play games like this, but I can say I was positively surprised.This game isn't for everyone, its subjects are dark: depression, suicide, murder, cancer ... It's for people who want to enjoy a good story about these kind of things. Even if you've never been in contact with them, the game is very good at explaining how a depressed person goes through life. The game can be quite confronting towards people who've suffered from any of the topics above, but it's still an interesting experience.STORY: really good. At chapter 1 I was interested, but I wasn't blown away or anything. At the end of chapter 2 I was completely hooked though. I thought this game was going to give me a nice, regular story about depression, but I was wrong. It throws things at you you wouldn't expect. Well the game is tagged ""horror"", so I guess I should've expected the story would become even darker & sicker than it already was ... Quite linear story, but you can make some choices that change the plot a little bit.GAMEPLAY: Oddly satisfying. You play through each of the 7 chapters and have to explore your environment to gather items and to find out more about the characters. This game works with a kind of puzzle system: find X, so you can get to Y, so you can finally do Z. Quite obvious puzzles, but here and there you might have to think. Also, there's a good balance between watching dialogues (that you can alter; really fun) and getting to play yourself.ART: I honestly love the art of this game. The game often presents itself in a white/black-ish style, which I guess is quite logical regarding the subjects of this game. Now and then, there's also some colour to be found which emphasizes certain items/events in the game. There are some areas that could've been made better, but the most important areas in the game look really good, so no problem.SOUNDTRACK: Just absolutely fantastic. Really makes the game a much better experience. The music changes from pretty calm, to eerie, to sometimes even agressive ... all depending on the situation you find yourself in. Also, pretty cool  (and eerie!) sounds/noises are used, like cracking stairs and doors, screaming women, the typical jumpscare sounds you'll fall victim to everytime (or maybe the total opposite).ATMOSPHERE: By far the most amazing thing about this game. Nothing much to say about it, you really just have to play it yourself to feel it.So yeah, really good game. Love it a lot, despite not expecting it would be this good. Again, not for everyone, but if you want to give this game a fair chance and open yourself up to it, you'll find yourself dragged into this game and just want to keep playing. At the end credits, you'll just find yourself staring at the screen, asking yourself what the ♥♥♥♥ you have been playing (and most of all; why you enjoyed it so much).P.S: some people have unanswered questions after playing the game. Apperently playing ""downfall"" would answer some of these questions (though I can't confirm as I have not played it myself)."
,Recommended,253110,8804251,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,nuna,"The Cat Lady is simply put..a story of a depressed 40 year old that kills herself. But of course there's a lot more to it than that..otherwise it wouldn't be such a well received game.The horror elements are very well done. There were things even I have never seen before (and I am a big fan of horror movies/games/the genre in general). In this game you WILL care about the characters you meet and find yourself having a bit of an emotional attachment. This will drive most of the decisions you make.Now with that being said, this won't be a game everyone will enjoy. There is A LOT of reading involved, and it can be a bit slow at times. There is some nudity, and some sexual themes and vulgar language. Stay away from this if you find that sort of thing offensive..(you're missing out though! ;]). If you're into achievements, this isn't hard to 100%. If you're into stories, then this one has a really good one that you may like. :) Definitely worth the price in my opinion!"
,Recommended,253110,28537079,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pinecone Gang,"pls fix the lag inthe fog when you're being kidnapped by the pest control guy kthxOn a serious note though, one of my favorite games. However, this game is NOT for everyone.Pros:Unique.Beautiful story.Poetry.Some replayability since there's different endings and easter eggs. I've finished it almost 3 times now, and I still get emotional during certain scenes.Beautiful soundtracks(The beginning of The Noises She Makes In Their Bed is amazing).Cons:The irrelevant dialogues gets very annoying after the second playthrough, especially the ones you cannot skip.Clunky gameplay and bad graphics.Mediocre voice acting(except for some characters) and terrible sound effects.Kinda short.You'll definitely feel during this game."
,Recommended,253110,12523456,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"The Cat Lady is one of the best horror adventures i've seen, dark atmosphere dark music dark everything. Perfect gameplay weird story but brilliant. You really have to play this game, no screenshot no video can give you the experience you will earn when you played one hour of this masterpiece. So are you able to find your way through this nightmare?Welcome to a REAL horror game: "" T H E   C A T   L A D Y """
,Recommended,253110,23446986,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,vivalaginger,"If you are on the fence about buying this game, buy it. If you're already leaning toward it to be on the fence, you'll like it.I started playing this game because I was diagnosed depressed, anxious, and looking for a distraction. I stopped because other things came up and thought to play it again and finish it when my feelings got down again. It's a really artsy game, and depending on the choices you make it's a very artful take on depression and fighting it. For that reason, I can really apprecaite the game. You aren't alone when you feel like the world isn't real, and you shouldn't be either.Style:Artsy/Surreal/(It reminded me of courage the cowardly dog.)/pixelated a bit but worth itGameplay: Point and Click with lots of choices, make sure to save a lotStory: Save a lot if you want to explore choices.The story is the main point, there is more story than action, but the surreal horror, or better put CREEPY-ness of the game makes up for that.  Voice acting is captivating, and the soundtrack really adds to the game immensely!Would reccomend to anyone who isn't annoyed by point and click, and who can stomach a horror genre storyline and some seriously creepy twists/gameplay.On a gameplay/storyline/interface: Pixelated, lag in fog scenes but worth it if you are comfortable with point and click, and the voice acting is really entertaining and wonderful. Save a lot if you want to explore the choices. The saving method is the only thing that upset me because I couldnt figure out how to overwrite (don't think you can) and therefore it got cluttered really fast."
,Recommended,253110,23691414,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,dragonos451,"A game about depression and suicide.Made me feel like trash, and then, somehow, made me feel better.I kept thinking about that game all the time until I finished it, and I will probably keep thinking about it for a while.The horror aspects of the game aren't a big part of the game, its themes are truly its strength."
76561198028711579,Recommended,253110,24133723,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"I've just finished The Cat Lady.Like others have allready mentioned, it is a very dark & mature take on depression and closely related themes and issues. It avoids the high risk of becoming pretentious with it's great writing, human dialouge as well as great knowledge and insight into mental illnesses and psychological despair. It is definetly not for everyone, and i's a real downer in the beginning, it starts off with the protaganists suicide after all. But it moves slowly towards it's conclusion with an ever so slightly growing ray of hope. Not offensively going from utter darkness to blinding bright sunshine though, as that would be an idiots way of reflecting over a human state and a slap in the face to people who suffers from depression.The game allows itself to take its time, never offending the gamers intelligence despite being very simple in design, and the puzzles fit the themes and enviroments. It's not so much about solving the mysterious/problems, as it is about atmosphere and provoking feelings. In the best cases, the gamer will get an insight into how depression can take form. There's a really clever bit where you walk around your apartment doing ordinary things, like a cup of coffee, and is presented with two HUD bars for your character. One which when filled up by stressful events will make your character have a breakdown. And one which when filled up will enable her to relax. Now the genious of this is that seemingly far more things will effect her negatively, and with more impact as well, because she is in such a mental state. It's possible to avoid a breakdown, but it's hard to figure out what will set it off beforehand, just like in real life. Also, a positive thing, say playing the piano for the cats, will have a greater negative effect in the end because the result of playing the piano is that an upset neighbour comes banging at your door because of the noise and threaten you with pest control.Another good aspect is also that this game can help gamers who suffers from depression, by it's recognicable dialouge, scenarios, thought processes & in the end hopeful message.In the worst cases it will bore & frustrate people who don't want to or who can't understand, or crave a faster pace, better graphics & a coherent storyline. Some will surely be offput by the art style & some non-professional voice acting. It may also perhaps envoke sad memories of tragedies & illnesses. But I still would like to emphasize that it's more like talking to someone who understands & making you feel less alone than it is pushing you into dark places. One of the points it makes is that it is okay to feel & think horrible thoughts at times, and we should be open about it and talk about it in order to help each other. In that sense this can be quite therapeutic a game.There's some replay value in the fact that there are hidden achievements, and you have some dialouge paths and decision options. But like with most if not all decision based games it's more about your own thought processes in making the decisions than the outcome of them (or lack thereof) that are of value. And this is also perhaps not the type of game you want to spend alot of time in once you've completed it because of it's subject matter.Not all praises to be fair though. I came across some negative technical aspects, including:* Dialouge bugged out in one section and kept looping for a bit until it continued as meant to.* A puzzle bugged out as well, as it wouldn't register as completed despite the correct input. It was solved by just repeating it until it finally clicked though.* Theres was some slowdown at times, which is surprising for such a simple and undemanding game. At one point my counter was down to 3 FPS for some reason!* I also don't agree with the developers choice to deny saving options or pausing during dialouge. It forces you to miss some in case say someone's at the door or you get called away from your PC.There's also some less than stellar voice acting and some awkward line delivery at times, but being a small budget indie game it's forgiven, and it really doesn't weigh down too heavily on the final result.There's an impressive amount of themes & issues touched upon, ranging from self pity, self harm, problems with authority & bureaucracy (both imagined and real), distrust, accepting of lifes unfairness, internet trolls, hatred of human kind, suicide groups, suicide prevention, terminal illness, revenge, relationship issues, medication abuse, loss, and the list goes on and on. Chances are high that even if you yourself don't have any current or past issue that is touched upon here you know someone who does. A game that is also a study into a depressed psyche. Intelligent, human, mature, dark, unique, intruiging, frightening, thought provoking, hopeful."
76561198117493929,Recommended,253110,31749780,Posted: 14 May,all,Mayumi Sato,"This must be my favorite horror game of all times.Excellent story and characters, a great atmosphere, creative art and soundtrack and interesting ways of constructing the personal story of your character. I love it so much, so much that I watched many gameplays of this game and brought it more as a thank for its existence than to play it myself.Usually, I don't like point-and-click games but this one is freaking good and even the puzzles can be pretty creepy to solve.Depression is a very serious subject to me. I have it and it's a common problem in my family. This theme is treated in a very serious way  in this game but in a way that also brings hope to people in my situation. Even the bad ending has a hopeful message that it's truly beautiful and honestly, this is just great and I have so many feelings about it.I really recommend it."
,Recommended,253110,15535893,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,noxteryn,"An exceptionally well-written adventure game about torment, depression, self-destruction, suicide, the burden of existence, the will to power, the meaning of life, and the eternal nothingness of death. Fun!"
76561198411082418,Recommended,253110,34459480,Posted: 24 August,all,Sybr,"There are memorable games exploring human themes such as depression, terminal illness and madness. Some of these games achieve legendary status, such as that quiet town near Toluca Lake. Others you know about only if you played them.  The Cat Lady will stay with me as one of the latter, but I believe it has the potential to approach the former.  Many great elements combine in The Cat Lady to provide the player with a stunning, emotional journey: The music is breathtaking; the storyline compelling and while the graphics are 'old school', somehow that retro quality enhances the overall gaming experience.There were portions of The Cat Lady that I struggled with - namely Chapter 1. I almost set the game aside because, as I told my brother, it was 'too damn slow'. I'm glad I mustered on. Chapter 2 sunk its claws into me and The Cat Lady didn't let go until the closing credits.  I also found some of the story tangents tangled, frayed at the ends or outright bewildering.  (Spoilers) For example, the carpenter...what the..? Or Joe and Ivy..? (/Spoilers)In exploring the theme of depression, The Cat Lady excelled.  A player needs not have experience with that invisible illness to appreciate the respect the game pays to it.  For me, it was an additional layer to the game that resonated.Overall, The Cat Lady is worth the time investment to play for fans of the horror genre.  Take your time and truly marvel at the storyteller's work.  Also, tell Susan I said 'hi'."
76561198263121924,Recommended,253110,28918716,Posted: 1 January,all,wryhumor,"Wow... This game... Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..Okay, first off, as someone who has dealt with mental illness my entire life, please don't play this if you are feeling suicidal. If you're past it, and have recovered like I have, go for it. It's surprisingly uplifting at the end.This is a game worth playing. The soundtrack is amazing, and the story is dark, sad, and beautiful. One of the best horror games I've ever played. It really surprised me.The voice acting in certain places can be a bit...off lol, but otherwise it's fantastic. (The main character is handled wonderfully.)The Cat Lady has some seriously heavy subject matter in it, but in my opinion, it was done right."
76561198026676119,Recommended,253110,28195537,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,lady demise,"I haven't played a game quite like this before. It was incredibly emotional and story driven. I loved every second of it and the creators kept me glued to my screen. Others might complain about the graphics or voice acting but I felt it added to the depressing tone the storyline. This will go down as one of my favorite games of all time.This game turned out to be much darker than I was expecting. Definitley not for the light-hearted. Even after reading the reviews I had no idea what was in store for me. I felt like I was left in my own lonely world after I finished my first play through. The ending made my eyes water and my heart swell, something I did not expect from The Cat Lady.  I feel like this is really something you have to play through yourself to understand all the positive reviews. If you're on the fence about getting this, I say, just give it a chance. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,253110,27011202,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vidservent,Bought it thinking it's about cats and got more than I bargained for if you're into deep story telling that is and okay with disturbing horror stuff.The choices you make shape the ending you get and it's nice to get a few variations effected by what you do.
,Recommended,253110,12718472,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Treeman,"+ Decently Good Story+ Great atmosphere+ Ability to make some choices about the character+ Character Development+ Engaging main characters (Probably depends a little on personal experience)+ Music is pretty good+ Cheap+/- Graphics are obviously not great, but they can also add to the atmosphere+/- I personally liked the voice acting, but you can hear the feedback of the mic somewhat often (not really all that distracting though)- A few impossibilities/absurdities here and there (the mundane ones, not the supernatural)- On the shorter side (I finished everything there was to finish in 11 hours and I was probably going rather slowly)- Interface can be a little clunky at first- Resolution is low as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think 600x900, which can make it buggy to start non-windowed.8.5/10, I am not sure I would say its a masterpiece, but if you're looking for an indie game to spend some time on, pick this up and give it a try. I would say this is one of the better indie games I have found on Steam, but that's just my tastes."
,Recommended,253110,7921242,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,s▼ni†y burgl∆r,"So far this game is pretty unique and has a very dark and depressing atmosphere. The graphics are a bit old-school and rather appealing to me. Music is pretty good, too. I would recommend it for those wishing to play a unique story-based multiple choice-driven game. Not recommended for those that are trying to stay away from being depressed and whantot."
,Recommended,253110,32826119,Posted: 26 June,all,[ƤϜß]YeeDawgies,"""The real monsters are us.""This is one of my favorite games of all time. It can be completed faster, but I kept going back for reasons: multiple choices and the relevant achievements, a compelling heroine and great voice acting, psychological horror done in an original way, beautifully moving one moment and jarringly brutal the next. It also respects cats. I wish this was what happenedafter decent people kill themselves. You also can and should tell your neighbor to f*** off, just like any other guy who doesn't appreciate your cats.Put your worst nightmares into a pot, stir in some love, and there's ""The Cat Lady."" Susan is a modern hero, and absolutely the one we deserve. It has been years since I've played, but I'll never forget it. Honestly, who can forget the image ofamputating the heroine's arm just to progress in the plot?! Just because you know something is coming in this game doesn't mean you're ready for it. As always, save often, and be a good friend.10/10 Would feel feelings again."
76561197995596423,Recommended,253110,8698857,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,moreaboutcrows,"""The Cat Lady"" does two remarcable things: it manages to turn a horror-themed game, filled with ghosts, corpses and psychopatic killers into a heart-warming experience, and it does it so naturelly that it makes ""The Walking Dead"" look like a drama queen. (I think Mr. Michalsky may be one of the few people in the industry able to pull off a stunt like this).Chapter 3, where you return from the hospital as a ""recovering suicide victim"", and slowly, hesitantly, almost painfully resettle in your own life is one of the best bits I played in averylong time.Also, I found refreshing its new take on horror. At its heart it is a game about depression and grieving and learning to deal with loss and other true to life themes, only presented in a horror setting. Horror is nothing more here then a subtle setting for the story it wants to tell. Usually in horror stories the protagonist is taken out of his everyday life and put to deal with some exterior intrusive unconceivable thing that threatens to kill him horribly. In The Cat Lady the horror comes from within and poor Susan Ashworth has no way of escaping it other then slowly learning to live with herself. The horror here is the form depression and self hating takes in a poor soul dealing with it every day, year after year, as life silently and hopelessly goes on. A story about what it takes for a soul to leave the darkness it cast itself into and re-learn to slowly bend itself towards the sun."
,Recommended,253110,16524489,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Saere,"Gripping and thought-provoking**Edit update 23.11.16: Nominated for the 2016 Steam Awards ""Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!"" award**You can’t truly enjoy nor appreciate a story rich game unless you’re in the right frame of mind for it. With regards to The Cat Lady, one could even argue that familiarisation with certain issues is an added prerequisite – but one needn’t have been suicidal or depressed in any of its varying shades to take away something from this game.Most of us will experience moments in our lives where disappointment, inner-stagnation, regret, setbacks, and unfulfillment are going to outweigh the hopefulness and eagerness of getting out of bed to greet yet another day. No matter how you’re feeling or what you’re going through when you play The Cat Lady to its epiphanic end, it will challenge you to examine your own life and, if you’re lucky, graciously leave you with a renewed appreciation for living… we all have a day with no tomorrow.The Cat Lady is an experience, not merely a game. Everything about it is superb: the story, artwork, character depth, dialogue, gameplay, mood, music, and voice acting. I cannot recommend this game enough, for the right player – as hinted previously, a certain degree of maturity is crucial to possess in getting the most out of this game.The choices made in-game will basically give players a similar experience, but it’s a singularly individual, emotional aftermath you will be left with. It’s no good, me telling you anything more about the game than what the developer’s own synopsis states; and the less you know, the better. True, you are largely playing a 40-year old woman, but anyone can play Ms. Ashworth - young or old, male or female - and find some kinship. Susan’s (and Mitzi’s) strengths and weaknesses will (re)familiarise you with the human condition; the Parasites will forcibly remind you that monsters can and do exist among us; and the Queen of Maggots will give you enough food for thought to last some time to come.Do you feel apprehensive or too intimidated to try The Cat Lady? Well, that’s a great start. I, myself, did not play this game for some time after first purchase (viaGOG.comin 2013) because the possibility of being unsettled was something I had wanted to avoid. I then played it, of course, and knew it would be a game I’d want to experience again. I am still aware of the thoughts and feelings The Cat Lady instilled within me two years ago – for me, the experience was positive, thought-provoking, and time very well spent.Readying myself for a second go at The Cat Lady, I felt compelled to write this review. The Steam version has achievements, but please play it through naturally, the first time; make obtaining the achievements secondary for the sake of the experience that awaits you… and what an experience it is.11/10"
,Recommended,253110,21600306,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Erika {C²},"First of all, this game is really not for kids. Seriously.Honestly, I wasn't shocked and scared by any game until I had played this one.Cat Lady has a really strong story. I think as older player you are, you will probably find yourself at some moments in the game too.Sometimes the characters' conversations are really long. The dialog can take maybe even 20 minutes. You can skip them with the space key, also no worries.But If you will listen to Susan's story really carefully and since the beginning, you will really like her more and more. Also after a while, a presence of another character is more than refreshing in the plot and story gets a twist, drive and maybe an unexpected direction.Except listening to the dialogues, you have to solve puzzles or do many actions to reach your goal.The graphic design is very special and perfectly fits into the game atmosphere, which will indeed bring you thrills.If you love a storytelling games - this masterpiece definitely worths no matter what price!Pros:An awesome storyUnique graphic designGreat soundtrack and sounds usedGood voice narratingBreathtaking atmosphere in the gameReally scary and shocking time by timeYour choices matterConsYou can't save the game anytime you like, when there is ongoing a dialogue. In some sequences it can be hard, especially if you have to leave your PC quickly (I recommend to close the game and loading it from last save next time, so you don't miss anything).Score: 95/100I am patiently waiting for similar game like this.Not sure it will come out. Ever.^New Game from Harvester Games released.Edit 22/5/2017: Few grammar errors corrected, added latest Harvester Games' link."
76561198125818865,Recommended,253110,25870994,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Alchook,This game is actually one of my favorite games in my library.  It's depressing but empowering at the same time with an art style that intrigues the eye.  Money well spent.
,Recommended,253110,31420507,Posted: 28 April,all,Phelix Roth,"There's a ton of flaws here - uneven audio quality and occassional over-the-topness being the most obvious - but the palpable atmosphere and emotional intensity that this game evokes, chiefly through its distinctive art and music, are enough to overcome them, and bring together a flawed, but brilliantly unique piece of surreal horror."
,Recommended,253110,20340823,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"A friend recommended The Cat Lady, and it was on my Wishlist for a while. The recent Steam sale had it for a ridiculously cheap $1.99.I was almost immediately drawn in. Nearly everything was done right for this sort of game; atmosphere, plot, dialogue, music, the art. The only thing I didn't care for initially was the character art.Cat Lady is brillant for a while but slows down for part of the mid and later chapters....too much filler. I also didn't like the sound quality of Mitzi's voice, especially compared to how crisp Susan's was. I found the climax disappointing, thought the epilogue was good. Late in the game even the dialogue, so good for most of the game, started to feel forced and no longer ""real"".So while I did have some qualms, overall this is a worthy title for those who like these kinds of games. Notably, there are layers of originality throughout that make it a winner, even at full price."
76561198241231622,Recommended,253110,34226570,Posted: 13 August,all,YouAreScrewed,"I do not. Have any words for this game. I am so madly in love with this story, and Susan and just, everything about this game is so breathtaking. I've been through so much depression, and so many beyond horrible things in my life, and this game, ugh I hate calling it that, but The Cat Lady described it in such a beautifu way where one could understand pain, one could understand what it's like to be lonely, to want to kill yourself, I literally cried when I was done. I still haven't forgotten this game, and I don't honestly believe I ever will. I love this game, and truly. If you have depression, or have been through bad things or just want a really amazing story rich, adventure packed and just all around aamzing game, then pick this up. You won't be dissapointed, and the music in this game is just, again, breathtaking. I can't say enough good things about this. Worth every penny and so much more."
,Recommended,253110,18965603,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,fat moogle,The fact the game is really centered mental illness and someone struggling with suicidal ideation really speaks to me as someone who's struggled with the same. The story is great and the controls are very simple. Only thing I could ask for is support for a higher resolution.
,Recommended,253110,24513508,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Katharos,"Review:Horrifying interpretation of depression. I love the voice acting (especially Susan's story telling about the Cat lady) as well as the sound effects, and the music. Brilliant!Personal thoughts:I finished this in one playthrough. I totally got hooked up with the story. because I can relate to some of it. And it's just a right timing that I played this game while I'm having some sort of anxiety/ depression at the moment (great!). But yeah, we all have our own demons.."
76561198141723096,Recommended,253110,17732575,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Em'Bear,"The Cat Lady is scary and gory, without being off putting. I honestly Love this game, it is one of my favorites. It has an amazing story and incredible detail. It shows depression in it's most honest, manic form. I wasn't sure about the style at first, but I ended up loving it."
,Recommended,253110,25041705,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,valar,"not just a game.helped me a lot, to deal with some thoughts I mean."
76561198364111575,Recommended,253110,31633608,Posted: 8 May,all,Acid Kitten,"Wow!!I sat and applauded as the ending credits rolled, absolutely loved this game.I found myself emotionally invested in the dark story almost immediately, it tells a story of something that I believe lives within all of us.If you want something very emotionally charged and very honest this game literally dumps you in head first and brings the workings of a depressed and sometimes deranged mind into the spotlight, digging into every dark thought, it will certainly make you stop and think, it's mostly story driven with fairly simple puzzles a little thinking is required with some puzzles, graphics I suppose some would say aren't the best but personally i liked the art style, also the soundtrack is outstanding throughout!For those that see the game through to the end, i believe you will, like myself find yourself thinking about it for quite some time afterwards.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,253110,34333483,Posted: 18 August,all,Lady Mink,"Death and other Inconveniences""Thanks for nothing, goodbye"" sounds the velvety sardonic purr of the main heroine's voice, as she awaits for eternal suicidal slumber to swiftly guide her into death's icy embrace. The indolent ticking of the wall clock in the background begins to sound almost deafening as all other acoustics seem to fade in its morbid countdown. The hypnotic emerald glow of the woman's favourite cat Teacup is the final thing the player sees before he is plunged into darkness. A death which is about to become a rebirth in a fateful and dramatic twist of events.The Cat Lady follows Susan Ashworth - a retired nurse in her 40's suffering from severe clinical depression whose only remaining companions in life are her beloved little fluffy tailed devils (much to the annoyance of her hostile neighbours). She strikes a deal with the enigmatic Queen of Maggots, a supernatural deity which grants her immortality on one condition - Susan must eliminate five 'parasites', cruel and psychopathic individuals who exist only to bring death and suffering to their unsuspecting victims. Only then will she get the chance to depart in peace, finally letting her long-awaited death take its course.What this game most certainly isn't is lighthearted. Much like any exceptional psychological thriller it flawlessly manages to entice and keep the player on edge to the final note. It leaves you pondering over certain unpredictabilities and quirks of life, puts your moral strength from one mirthless trial to another, takes a moment to lull the player's senses into an illusion of safety laced in Susan's serene and silky narrative tone, only to break into a psychotic waltz of treacherous events all over again. The game's refreshing and provocative sharpness will leave you holding your breath in suspense at one instance and then smirking in bitter cynicism at another.The Cat Lady's artistic style and soundtrack  create a truly gorgeous duet which stunningly weaves itself into this elegant and macabre tale, with its hues ranging from noir-like graceful black and white shades mixed in with frosty greens and blues to dramatic crimsons and rusty sepia glows. The musical accompaniment rises to breathtaking climatic crescendos, twists into  Michał Michalski's capricious rock notes and stuns into silence as it captivates you with its bohemian sensationalism.Prepare for a head-first dive into the darkest depths of the human psyche and I hope you shall find this bittersweet jewel of a game to be as enjoyable as I have, dear friend."
,Recommended,253110,16654270,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Psychrophile [bzai],"This game is extremely well written and has great character development. It also messes with your head, your emotions and pretty much ruthlessly tears apart your humanity. It's demented, and has wonderful voice acting. I bought it when it was on sale but it's definitely proven to be worth any price you throw on it. It's an amazing game, and I was completely enthralled in the dialogues. 9/9 cat lives would play over and over again."
76561198164016063,Recommended,253110,24475737,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Artemur,"pros- this game delves into real human emotions, fears and problems such as despair, depression, death, illness, lost of loved ones, dysfunctional relationships and marital / family problems.- a original artistic artstyle that creates very disturbing world- psychological and terrifiying narrative- gradually developing friendship between Susan and Mitzi.- some good horror moments and terrifying villains- great soundtrack perfectly fits to game's atmospherecons- badly placed secret Steam Achievements. i actually didn't care find all of them because they didn't fit game's natural progress."
,Recommended,253110,10887764,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,🎭 Lady Thorneblood™ 🎭,"Simple but yet a  very very effective horror adventure. Beautiful score and nice graphics. Dark and foreboding yet magical and enjoyable. It is a very relaxing game in parts even though it is about death and suicide. I want to keep playing... I NEED to keep playing to see what happens to our Susan Ashworth... psychologically intriguing, is this what really  happens when we start to cross over.....?"
,Recommended,253110,32864343,Posted: 27 June,all,TheWoodsman,"I'm only finished with the first chapter, but wow... forget Telltale, this is how you make an adventure game."
,Recommended,253110,18139633,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Muro,"I got this game when I was first intrigued by the title and later by the trailer. Looked interesting and scary.And indeed it proved to be both. It has Inspiring artwork, a thick atmosphere and an immersive story.To my surprise, perhaps the strongest side of the game was one that was not directly advertised. But then, it would be hard to advertise themes of depression and suicide as a feature to sell a game.That said, I recommend it as a game. Or, perhaps more as an experience? I wouldn't say the actual *gameplay* part of the game is particularly outstanding. Instead, it's kinda just there, and that's fine. It's nice enough to not get in the way of what The Cat Lady really is about - wandering through the darker corners of the mind and dealing with the kind of demons that do not disappear when we turn off the PC."
,Recommended,253110,8063881,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,0dds_0f_Even,"This is one of the best emotional adventure games I have ever played & I'll explain why in this review.You play as Susan Ashworth who has serious depression, Mundane, Whiny & suicidal about life where to the point she kills herself by overdosing on sleeping pills but that's where the game starts because while your in the underworld you meet a strange woman who gives Susan an offer to live happy again but the only way Susan can gain true happiness is if she kills 5 strangers that will randomly try to hurt or kill Susan (I don't know the reason why to be honest but that woman awarded Susan Immortality so I can't complain about that). At 1st Susan thought it was a dream but in chapter 2 your talking to the psychiatrist about your miserable life or whatever dialogue you choose to show Susan's childhood, you try to leave the doctor's office after your done with your session with the doc but Susan noticed that the Doc's door was locked & then the doc stabs her to death so after you go through the underworld again you try to kill the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who stabbed you to death (The game gives you 2 choices you can either kill The psychotic Doctor or you can leave the madman's lair forever.In Chapter 3 you just came home looking like crap after you had to experience the horrors from chapter 2 & you try to relax (In chapter 3 the devs decided to put in a calm meter & angry meter so whatever meter gets the highest it affects the way Susan sleeps) but I understand what this part of the game is telling me because I used to have serious depression so I understood why Susan was struggling with stuff like cooking a burger perfectly for example (I forgot to mention that chapter 3 tells a poem while you're doing Susan's home life). So after you go through Susan's Home Life you then meet a random woman named Mitzi Hunt who tells you that she is the reason why your alive (That's why I was in the hospital so a part of me wanted to punch her but Susan didn't) & she wants to stay in your apartment, Susan tries to convince Mitzi that her home looks like crap but Mitzi is too enthusiastic to the point of Susan giving up on excuses but what happens next is that Susan gets really cautious when she sees that strange woman again right next to Mitzi which lead to Mitzi explaining that she has a brain tumor so her final wish was to find a horrible person that caused her extreme pain (If you must know Mitzi was dying & she wanted to meet an important person).Alright I just got through 2 paragraphs so I will try to explain what happens next, Alright so after The Big C happened you suddenly get transported to a Pest Control Guy's house (I don't how it happened to be honest) where he plays with the tied up Susan but then a nurse comes in getting all ♥♥♥♥♥y because her husband the pest control guy was playing with Susan's ♥♥♥♥♥ so the nurse poured the strongest bleach in Susan's face (That ♥♥♥♥♥ Is Going To Die For That). So what happens next is that one of Susan's cats Teacup tries to release the blind Susan from her trap so after Teacup releases Susan she tries to find a gun since she is blind, She finds a gun and she ended up shooting herself but the weird thing is your transported back to your own apartment where you talk to Mitzi again, Mitzi then asks Susan To get some Wine because Mitzi wanted to bond with Susan better which lead up to Mitzi explaining the name of her Brain Tumor which is called Glioblastoma (She also explains that she doesn't have much time left to live), She explains why she wants to find that horrible person (The Horrible person's name is The Eye Of Adam, He is a Suicide Preacher who convinced Mitzi's boyfriend to kill himself) & after your done talking to Mitzi the cats start crying for help so Susan goes outside to see what is going on but then the pest control guy shows up & Susan is suddenly transported back to the house where she got the Bleach Treatment (If you must know Susan kills both The Pest Control Guy & The evil nurse with deadly gases & a shotgun, All of this crap I told you happens in Chapter 4).In chapter 5 Susan & Mitzi are having coffee & pancakes together so Mitzi decided to ask Susan how she got depression in the 1st place & Susan gets really defensive about the subject so Susan walks away from the conversation, What happens next is some random person starts knocking on the door & *Drum Roll* the 4th stranger the flower delivery guy tries to murder both Susan & Mitzi (After Susan gets murdered by the random stranger she is teleported back to the underworld to solve some puzzles so she can return to her apartment) so what happens next is Mitzi & Susan are both in the bathtub taped up so They both try to struggle free but nothing works so before they are both dead Susan tells Mitzi her depressing & abusive relationship with her husband but what really triggered her issues was the death of her baby daughter (It's really sad but I think the 4th murderer is Susan's secret admirer from her past). Alright so after Susan discusses her horrible past with Mitzi the murderer comes back to take Mitzi away but he releases Susan then Susan discovers that Mitzi is being hung to death but Susan manages to save Mitzi & the cats are murderers this time (They ate the 4th murderer).Alright I'm almost done so bear with me here & I'll try to explain the last 2 chapters, Alright so in chapter 6 after the incident in chapter 5 both Susan & Mitzi adventure out to find The Eye Of Adam so they end up talking to a single mother, talking to an old woman who likes dogs, Susan tells a story about a dead woman called The Cat Widow, talking to an old man & yeah it was a lot of exploring (I can't explain all of it). Alright so Mitzi & Susan think they hit a dead end when they couldn't find a clue but when they return to their own home they notice a note on the door by The Eye Of Adam to meet them at the Old Man's Place at midnight so they were both surprised that the old man was hiding something. Alright In Chapter 7 both Susan & Mitzi go to the old man's house to finally see who The Eye Of Adam is, but it is delayed because Adam releases a deadly gas to kill everyone (The old man gives Susan a shoebox but inside that box is one gas mask so you the player either save your immortal self or you save Mitzi, next Susan goes to the underworld one more time to confront the strange woman who I believe is one of Susan's demons that caused self hatred & other horrible feelings & you decide whether to follow what the strange woman says or you refuse her orders) but depending on what you choose you then face the final stranger who is a sadistic internet troll who sits on his wheelchair paralyzed but I liked how the devs explained how bad internet trolls are because Adam was encouraging Mitzi (Well Susan too if you decide not to save Mitzi from the gas) to kill him but his final act of cruelty was to kill himself while taking a soul with him & it encouraged the player to convince Mitzi that revenge is not the answer because Adam will get a bigger punishment which is a nursing home without a PC (Without a PC Adam will not preach Suicide anymore).Pros:1. Good Story2. Good Puzzles3. Interesting characters4. Good Message At The End5. Good Music6. Good Art7. Simple ControlsCons:There are no cons I can think of (Well there are a few programming issues but the devs fixed them) so I think this adventure game is perfect and overall I highly recommend this game (Damn this review was long but I hope I explained the game perfectly). Before I go there is a fun fact about this game, one of the achievements is a reference to one of Jeff Buckley's songs so I thought that was cool of the devs.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRNeGC7k5J8EDIT: I'm friends with the game publisher Screen 7 on steam"
76561198094675316,Recommended,253110,15658429,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"While The Cat Lady does start off at an inch-meal pace, the next 6 chapters seldom stultify your playing experience.Initially, I couldn't get into the star-protagonist Susan Ashworth. I felt like her character emitted the 'woah man I'm 16 years old (even though she's 40) and depression is so poetic thanks tumblr for saving my life which is so not worth living anyway' persona. But as she acquaints certain accomplice, you learn about her dark back-story, and the reason for her depression. And seven hells, it made me pitifully lugubrious.Look, I'm going to abruptly end the review here; don't read any other reviews - experience this melancholic masterpiece (excuse the oxymoron) yourself.Turns out you don't like it, come back here and give me the thumbs down. But allow me to reiterate: The Cat Lady does start off at an inch-meal pace."
,Recommended,253110,20050528,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,oreog,"Haunting art style, spot on voice acting, and an eerie narrative that gives players insight into disturbing topics.The Cat Lady does an amazing job in handling the issues of depression, suicide, death, loneliness, and moving on. It never beats around the bush with its messages and doesn't shy away from the grotesque. Though the gameplay lacks a bit, the puzzles are at a good difficulty (not too hard or easy, usually). It has a unique story with interesting characters and is a must for those who don't mind a slower pace and heavy atmosphere."
,Recommended,253110,20266419,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KillingTheJoke,"Clever and twisted. the Cat Lady is a very depressing, disturbing adventure with a great sense of fulfilment.story-driven games like this show how much games are a form of art 9/10"
,Recommended,253110,14921440,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,omayra,"One of my favorite games. I love and recommend it for everyone who likes this kind of games.It is very ""dark"" in both content and visual style (definitely not suitable for children), including topics like suicide, death,cancer(spoiler!), murder, hell, psychological disorders etc. And theres a lot of gore and horror elements, but not in a dull way, its rather interwoven in a fascinating story... or metaphor, great parts of the story are kinda metaphorical actually, what makes the whole game somehow artistic.Maybe you need a disposition for these kinds of arty metaphorical horror pointnclick games to like this one, Im not sure, but for me personally its one of the best.EDIT: added a spoiler"
,Recommended,253110,19736210,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"9.1/10 - Best use of 4 buttons ever!This game is really amazing. The story is not for the faint of heart. Suicide, death, murder,♥♥♥♥♥♥ kidnapping. The list goes on. I have never been so captivated by a side scroller. The story is intense and the game is brillant. It's a must play and own.I would pay $20+ for this game. At least 9+ great hours. It only costs $10 though. Usually on sale for $5. So grab it at that price."
,Recommended,253110,21993363,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,niX,"This game is  phenomenal in a way I can't quite put into words. The first screen warns that the game is intended for a mature audience of 18+ and boy do they deliver.Definitely not the for the faint of heart, as it deals with such adult issues like depression, suicide, abduction, torture, cannibilism, substance abuse, murder, the loss of a child, assault.. pretty much a laundry list of every dark list that you can think of. While the game is very gorey, dark and scary at times -- they didn't overdo it. The game is presented in such a way that the mix goes well together and presents incredibly well.The story is interesting, and the gameplay is really the selling point and what held my attention so well. It's an adventure game with simple controls, and features many branching choices and dialogue to give the player more control over the protagonist's destiny. It takes place over 7 chapters, making the game a perfect length without feeling too long or too short. Each chapter was very unique, featuring different environments, characters, it's own story within the story and it's own set of challenges. Although the gameplay is similar in each chapter, the way in which it's presented almost make it feel like a new game with each chapter you play.It has a likeable protagonist, great characters (and villains), great artwork, a good sound track, and the characters are all also fully voiced. Although simplistic, it feels like a lot of care and thought process went into the making of this game and it really shows.It features several branching paths and endings, so the replayability is high. It's also possible to make saves in certain spots to easily reload and make an alternative choice instead of playing through the entire game again. It also features trading cards, and relatively easy achievements to obtain a 100% rating, if that's something that you're into. Would recommend to anybody, assuming that they can handle the dark and mature content the game has to offer."
,Recommended,253110,20213470,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Balaam's ass,"This game is pretty dark for an almost pure animation: suicide is the baseline of the game, as the female protagonist is a depressed, suicidal, resident at a mental facility right from go.  After wandering around in an apocalypse-like between-life kind of place and making a deal with someone called ""The Queen of Maggots.""It gets only darker from there, since your quest is to ""visit"" several ""parasites"" in the world with the touch of the Queen.  This happens in several chapters in a basic click-explore environment where problem solving is not always straighforward or logical until after the fact.All in all it's a very good story, better than the medium of this game in my opinion, though game play is on the level and acceptable.  The 'worst' thing in my view is the sometimes slightly long hesitation between dialogue; while this is often to set the mood (reluctance to talk about something; thinking before saying something; pacing around a little, etc), and while there is a way to skip past most of it (spacebar), you risk missing something pertinent and valuable to the current quest.That said, this is very much a save-and-reload game in some ways, especially if you're an achievement junkie (suffice to say that there are several endings, some of which rely on elements of the game that are encountered fairly early... and there is good guide support for these places if you get frustrated).  Much as the old Choose Your Path books kept my fingers in eight or ten pages at the same time, this game did the same.Game play is linear, and you often do not have a chance to go back to prior areas; save early, save often.There is dark humor here, as well as morbid, Devil's Rejects themes in some places, and it's set to some very good music both in terms of ambiance and mood-setting at key plot points.  Chapters tend to flow well, too - you're never really left wondering, ""OK,howdid I gethereagain?"" except for flashback type moments which are quickly explained.This isn't quite a 'find the hidden object' game as much as it is a fuzzy-linear novel that you can fail to complete.  Not exactly fun in a gamey sense, but worthy of the time invested to see what the game is about, rather like a novel.If you're fast and free, you might play for 10 hours or less, but I think most people who complete the game will spend about double that in finding out what other paths can be found.NSFW, suggest adult only play (language, nudity, visceral carnage, torture, violent themes) but it's rather artful, if dark, in most of this portrayal."
,Recommended,253110,9764556,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Eris,"The majority of The Cat Lady is spent reading text and listening to cut scenes, so the storyline is well-developed and engaging yet unpredictable. Players are also given plenty of time to explore their surroundings and solve puzzles via point and click.Whilst the game certainly does have a horror element to it, it isn’t cheap scares but more of an unsettling, morbid horror. It also explores more sensitive, emotional topics which are reflected in various characters’ lives. The core characters are likeable with distinct personalities and for some people, they will also be easy to relate to.The music is very fitting and atmospheric, and the voice acting is good for most characters. However, sound quality of the voice acting is not always consistent but I think this adds to the raw feel of the game.  Graphics are old-school and dark – the use of monochrome in many scenes adds to the sinister, surreal atmosphere of the game.One personal minor bother that there are some events in the game that aren't fully explained; in one sense I think leaving these events unexplained fits well with the mysterious storyline but at the same time, I am curious to know what actually happened.I completed The Cat Lady in roughly 8 hours and it does have some replayable value, especially for achievement hunters. It’s now one of my favourite games thanks to the absorbing storyline and unique, eerie graphics - I highly recommend it :)"
,Recommended,253110,17494392,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,TALIBANSOULJAH,this is like meeting a emo chick who look like she gone die any second and she ends up sucking the life out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥out of nowhere
,Recommended,253110,17882598,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DivisionAgent,"I can honestly say, I have never played such a sad and disturbing, incredibly touching, also amusing sometimes and yet so thought-provoking game in my life (and I’ve lived just once yet ;)). It’s hard to explain how a game with 2D characters makes you reflect your life and decisions and takes you to a journey that leaves you deeply grieved. And as simple as its gameplay is, the story is breath-taking enough to not mind it at all. You choose your fate yourself and you fear to trust people, since your life depends on it. The amazing soundtrack creates a unique atmosphere. It’s one of a kind that gives you the creeps while it’s matching the story and animations perfectly fine. The developers created an amazing work of art with this game. I take my hat off to them and thank them for this incredible journey through the life(s) of Susan Ashworth a.k.a. The Cat Lady. Definitely recommended!"
76561198160422159,Recommended,253110,19455559,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JaneSaw,9/10Dark twisted original story; beautiful soundtrack; perfekt voice-over; great artwork*emotional roller coster includedIf you like story based games you should get this masterpiece!
76561198119815793,Recommended,253110,20270499,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kawaiigonewrong,"This is such a breathtakingly beautiful game. It is as disturbing as it is peaceful and as dark as it is gorgeous. It is a blanket on a winter night which is then ripped away from you, exposing you to the cold air, only to be placed back upon you to console you once again. This game is poignant and incredibly smart, with a haunting soundtrack and memorable imagery. The story is rich and involved with interesting characters and themes. You will search for quite a long time to find a game like this somewhere else."
,Recommended,253110,18965600,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,anonymousie,"I love this game.It's not a particularly challenging game, gameplay wise, but it makes up for it with challenging subject matter. There were plenty of parts that nearly brought me to tears, plenty of parts that inspired paranoia and that tickling on the back of my neck, and plenty of parts that just managed to capture my sense of wonder.I loved the protagonist. It was one of the best, most realistic characterizations I've seen in any story -- of any medium. You can feel her pain. You can relate to her frustration. You, too, shake with her anger. She's not perfect, and that's what makes her beautiful.I loved the art. Complaints about ""bad graphics"" seem to miss the point. I can't imagine the game having the same atmosphere without the disjointed, grungey artwork. Animations could have been better (or you know... there, for a lot of stuff), but the artwork itself was exactly what the story needed. I won't wax poetic about it, but I do want to add that the music was also perfect for conjuring up the right atmosphere.The Cat Lady is a great story, and the video game is a great medium for it because it lends a level of immersion a passive film could not offer. The gameplay, as I said in the beginning, isn't very challenging. In some parts you become aware of how long it's been since you actually solved a puzzle, and there's not a lot of what one would consider action,  but that's almost irrelevant. The Cat Lady should be taken on its own, as an experience, and not compared to other adventure games."
76561198051011523,Recommended,253110,19276183,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,player_2,Interesting and original
76561198034696743,Recommended,253110,20276200,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Alex Olinkiewicz,"I love Point & Click games, I love Horror games, I love strong Story driven games. So it's no surprise that I love THE CAT LADY. I'l even go as far and say The Cat Lady is in Top 5 favorite Adventure games of all time."
76561198152612901,Recommended,253110,16316617,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SpookyHealz,"This is the most beautiful game I've ever played in my life. The soundtrack is amazing, it's atmospheric, the story is wonderful. I can't get over how perfect it is. Worth every penny and moment of your time. If you like games that make you sad, happy, and scared all at once this is for you.Again the writing is phenomenal, this gave me chills: ""The real monsters are us. Murderers, rapists, arsonists… They’re the real beasts… So far from humanity they’re no longer capable of feeling compassion or guilt. They’re the ones we should really be afraid of. But whether they’re lurking in the woods… or fog… or the darkness of our cellars… Its all irrelevant. You can’t predict what happens. You can’t do anything to stop it. There is only one way… To turn into a beast yourself… And, like them, show no mercy…"" it really makes you realize how precious life is, and how easily it can be taken away. Basically this game is so amazing and I think everyone should get it!""One day I will get there, I know I will. Even if takes me not nine, but nine hundred lives."""
,Recommended,253110,20276746,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bAtshAde,"It's very upsetting and intense for a sidescrolling point and click game, or any game, but also very moving and intelligent, not just gratuitous violence. It's an enthralling nightmare and I had to see what happens next. The atmosphere is so bleak and the music and sound effects and voice actors did a great job of adding to that and heightening the drama. The story felt like a journey through hell that I'm glad I took despite the depravity and violence, you feel like there's a reason to endure it with the main character, that you're searching for a catharsis on the other side and you want it for her as much as for yourself. It touches on places in the human psyche that are real."
,Recommended,253110,20481509,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Useless Bunny,"This game has good atmosphere, nice music and is very original. At first the visuals turned me off a bit but I soon forgot about that and got immersed in the story.It is about things like depression, suicide, regret and horror.You control a woman around her 40s named Susan Ashworth that doesn't see any meaning in keep on living and decides to kill herself, waking up in some kind of limbo world and there she gets the 'mission' of eliminating 5 parasites from the world. It contains disturbing scenes and models that might make you anxious and scared but it's not like being chased by a terrible creature with a chainsaw or something like that, you are supposed to ""feel the atmosphere"" and the game delivers that pretty well.There are puzzle elements to it, being the main gameplay factor and it feels similar to a point and click game but you don't use your mouse in this one. You collect items and interact with things to make the story proceed, some actions will require certain items and stuff, nothing too complicated but it's not super straightforward either (I used a walkthrough to help me in several parts I got stuck). There are also multiple choices to make during the whole game, some of them have an important impact in the story and some don't. If you are the kind of person that likes to get achievements and such you'll find yourself completing the game, loading save points to choose different options or maybe even starting the game all over again, so there's some replayability to it. There are 4 different endings and to get one of them you might have to play again from scratch.Features good and interesting characters that will make you want to know more about them.If you are looking for a scary game this might not be the best choice, it's not about being scared or bumping into jump scares. The Cat Lady is more about sharing Susan's misery, however, it still fits perfectly into the horror genre. This may sound weird but it might be pretty interesting if you have depression or experienced a period of it in the past.I think the gaming industry certainly could use more games like this."
,Recommended,253110,33213807,Posted: 3 July,all,Xplozion,"The Cat Lady is a Psychological Horror game as the tags tells you, and its real! The Cat Lady shall not be played by people who arent good at gore and blood, or any kind of sadness... Now you have been warned!In The Cat Lady you play as Susan Ashworth, who has suicide thoughts and does not see the point of living her life at all, in Chapter 1, you start on a field with a house and a broken car, you don't know how you got there, but without spoiling too much now, you end up figure out that you have finally done what you wanted, but you find this ""Queen of Maggots"", who actually are the devil and tries to make you do some things you don't really wont, but you dont really have any chance not to.You will find out the graphics are really nice and the atmosphere can give you goosebumps if you are new to the game, I have completed the game around 15 times, and I still play the game, there is a ton of endings, depends on how evil or nice to people you are, if you hate and are disrespectful to everyone, then your ending is the worst of all, and you wont really get anything at the end, besides acthivements...If you are nice to everyone and remembers the sentence of people and the ones that you actually like, then your ending will turn out to be perfect, there is a lot of endings and you will first know which ending you got in the very end, which makes sense...There is 7 Chapters in The Cat Lady, which all have an important way to be played, you are doing a ton of stuff as Susan and meet a lot of nice people, but you will also figure out, there is a lot of traitors and people you might find evil after a bit...I think I have made my review good enough, without spoiling this wonderful game, hope my review will open up your mind to buy The Cat Lady..."
76561198154858896,Recommended,253110,31874054,Posted: 20 May,all,kaitlynng104,"This game is truely amazing, Im not much of a good game reviewer as I never know what to write but I would recommend anyone to play it!!! SOOOO GREAT"
76561198055114901,Recommended,253110,31765976,Posted: 15 May,all,sellin_rock,"Don't let the aesthetic, video resolution or graphics turn you off, this is a great game (that is more inspired that this review). Check it out!"
,Recommended,253110,19491646,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,neoadorable,"Incredible experience. Superb story and voice acting with lots of interesting and challenging puzzles that never get frustrating, plus you can always look up a guide if you're stuck - I did. The attention to detail is spectacular, and the art style is like a mix between David Lynch's Eraserhead, a Tool video from the 90's and Monolith's Condemned Criminal Origins. It's quite lo-fi, so if you want nice graphics this may not be it, plus the whole game is controlled with just the direcitonal keys. This is a bonus for people who can only play with one hand, or even just one finger, making Cat Lady very accessible.Plus the soundtrack is great and the moral of the story is touching, though I didn't try all possible endings. Oh, and it's one of the few entries in our great hobby/community that openly and unashamedly deals with mental illness, suicide, and other related topics. And incredibly so.A true 9/10 and glad I got it!"
76561197993626713,Recommended,253110,15164858,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,NailDive,"The Cat Lady is definitely the kind of game that comes to mind for me when people talk about video games as art. The story of Susan Ashworth is fantastically written, and had me enthralled even with it's lengthy (but completely necessary) dialogues, and was the first game in quite a while that made me feel as though I had been given a story from start to finish, with no plot holes or frustrating questions at the end. In fact, it was so well written that I actually got the same feeling as if I had just read a really good book, and after playing Skyrim for the last couple of weeks, I was very glad for it.I really enjoyed the art work of the game, but the sound was occasionally a little below par, with the character voices either being mixed too high or low, or being distored for no reason. Having said that, I really enjoyed the ambient sounds and soundtrack, with the opening credits being particularly awesome.Overall, a great game for anyone who loves well written scripts over strenuous gameplay. Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,253110,16799431,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Irregular Ace,"+Graphics are interesting and match the story and ambience of the game+Story is heavily geared towards themes like death, suicide, and dealing with guiltSeriously, your protagonist takes her life right at the start of the game.The story gets so dark and interesting that I wasn't able to get up from ituntil it was 4 a.m.+ puzzles are mostly fair and logical and fun! (Yes, killing people counts as fun :D )- Voice acting could be soooo much better......Loved the game, but please, before you play it, make sure that you are in a stable condition."
,Recommended,253110,22809365,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,lozey,"I abolutely LOVED this game. Its dark in nature, scary in places and has a real kicking soundtrack that I loved.  I think the voice acting is very good, and the character feel very 'real' to me. Some unexpected twists too! (I totally didnt see the fate of the nurse that talks to you in the hospital room)."
76561198122245759,Recommended,253110,14229592,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Makushi.chan,"For me the most terrifying thing of the all game was ""PRESS ANY KEY TO LIVE""."
,Recommended,253110,19317543,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Herah,"A tale of redemptionI don't think that there is any way to describe this game without playing it or having seen gameplay. The environment is bleak, mostly black and white, never shades of grey. There is suffering and misery, never anything else.Although Susan has chosen to end her life, it would seem that she cannot die, and she must suffer through her tasks to be granted her rest.Susan is a woman with little joy and more misery than you would think any one person would be able to bear. Alone in the world, struggling to get by. An unexpected stranger becomes a friend. Maybe life isn't all bad. Day by day, task by task, the clouds lift little by little.This game definitely lends insight into the mindset of someone that suffers through depression. The hopelessness, the apathy, where you are always looking for a way out. It is not a game that I would recommend to anyone that currently suffers from depression and the 18+ warning is warranted in my opinion. There is not a great deal of nudity or even gore for that matter, but the emotional content is not appropriate for a younger gaming audience.The gameplay is not complex, it is only a keyboard based game. There is puzzle solving, but not to the point of being overly frustrating. The story is engaging, almost like playing a choose your own adventure book. It's a charming game, but in the way that a car accident is. You are helpless to look away, but glad that it is not you."
,Recommended,253110,19274981,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,likexspinningxplates,I kind of think this game changed my life.... so amazing.
,Recommended,253110,13046244,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Aurumlamina,"The Cat Lady is an absolutely incredible horror game with creepy, unique artwork, a great story, and enjoyable puzzles.  The artwork works extraordinarily well with the atmosphere of the game, both of which will keep you on your toes for the entirety of your playthrough.  The puzzles are skillfully constructed as well.  As someone who often gets bored quickly with puzzles if they are too easy or annoyed with them if logical solutions don't work, I found that I suffered from neither throughout the course of this game.  One warning that I definitely will slap on here is that this game earns its 'Mature' tag, I would not play this with any children in the room unless you're hoping to give them long-lasting psychological scars.I completed the game in just over nine hours and I was completely entertained the entire time.  I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something unique even if adventure games are not usually your game of preference."
,Recommended,253110,13063439,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,melon bread,it has a cat 10/10
,Recommended,253110,11876825,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"! Trailers are misleading. It has some horror elements, violence and gore but it's actually a game about depression, hope, friendship and other related aspects as well as about modern suburban lives gone somewhat wrong in general.The best adventure I've played on Steam so far besides Primordia.+ Great - deep, thoughtful and clever - writing+ Great characters+ Great voice acting+ Lots of mono- or dialogues, all fully voiced+ Lots of dialogue options and some critical point choices can be made to alter the way things turn out. Can't tell how far it goes yet as I've done one playthrough only, but from the looks of it there are at least two different endings)+ Great ambiance+ Nice music (louder and more calmer tunes)+ Good puzzles+ Interesting style and design (I especially liked the thoughtful use of colored objects in contrast to otherwise gray ones, possibly working as a symbol for the darker and brighter sides of life and how the protagonist may see them)+ Easy controls: WASD or arrow keys and ENTER. Objects of interested are highlighted when you get close to them. I prefer this over tediously examinating every pixel on the screen with a mouse as it otherwise often works in adventure games.- Minor bugs and design overlooks (voice acting and text not always being identical word for word, voice acting in a few instances repeating the same lines even though the text is farther, voice acting sometimes cutting off prematurely, one or two lines the game skipped even though I didn't want to, a few text misspellings, voice acting sometimes including atmospheric recording noise - couldn't tell how to avoid it though, I'm no sound engineer, but it's sometimes easily noticeable especially since the game itself has little sounds, for most parts its walking sounds and random ambiance sounds mixed in and put on loop).- One severe bug/technical oddity: You cannot save more than 50 savegames. If you try to save more slots the game will tell you saving was successful, but it actually isn't. Overwriting older files isn't possible (the game will simply create duplicate files, shown in the game with same naming). And since the game has many dialogue options and some critical point choices one is encouraged to save, load and test around with his possibilites unless one knows very sure he is gonna do multiple playthroughs. Could be fatal if someone decides to do a one-night walkthrough and only notices very late that his +50 savegames don't actually exist. Can be avoided by simply deleting/moving some of the savefiles one has (C -> Users -> Your Name -> Saved Games -> The Cat Lady)? The game is about depression. Those who suffer from it may struggle with some aspects shown to it though, because some of the situations and happenings in the game will hardly ever happen this or in a similar way in the real life. It's not totally far-fetched, but it could be seen as an overdramatization of the otherwise rather sober and to the outside world unspectacular hardships to overcome it. Ultimatively I think there is no way it could have turned out the great adventure game it is had it sticked too close to dry facts of reality though. If onewantedto he could break the whole game apart arguing this way, but what good would that do? For a game I think it did very well in showing some aspects of depression and how to possibly deal with it.? The violent situations in the game are possibly morally questionable. The game tries hard to make you not sympathize with any of the people that die by your hand and to drive you with your back to the wall (expect for one situation where you can apparently kill someone for ""minor"" reasons), but in the end even the worst sociopaths in our society have a history and there are reasons why they become who they are. Criminals are not born. They are made. Every man and woman once starts as an adorable child everyone wants to hug and cherish. One must ask at which roads in life things turn as wrong as they do that people turn into mass murderers, rapists and egomaniacs. No one starts his life with the ""goal"" in mind to become a criminal. Of course the game can't overindulge in these aspects without drifting away massively from it's narration, I guess, but there were instances where it possibly would have served enough to simply knock out someone rather than kill him."
76561197960948417,Not Recommended,253110,14471533,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Kezzerdrixx,"If you're particularly into adventure games and/or horror games, there are things to like here. Some of the imagery used is pretty unsettling, and the subject matter is more mature than a lot of games handle.That said, it's amatuerish on more or less every level. The dialogue is clunky and incredibly badly delivered. Mitzi in particularly might be the worst voice acting performance I've ever heard. The gameplay is very crude and feels like a free Flash game rather than something you pay money for. There's pretty much no animation, even for the main characters, beyond ""walk"" and ""look horrified"".All in all, this would be pretty impressive for a student project, but as a full retail product it falls flat on it's face."
76561198087700162,Recommended,253110,7992625,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kuu,Definitely worth to pay your 9 bucks for the fascinating plot!
76561198137894302,Not Recommended,253110,22208332,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,tangerine.dreams,"I had a difficult time enjoying this game. I took an interest in this game based on the subject matter and positive reviews. However, when I started playing, I just found it gritty and not enjoyable. The quality of the voice overs are really poor and many of the voices sound exactly the same. Unfortunately, you can't skip through dialogue, even if it's a dialogue you've already heard a hundred times.The story line is probably the only redeemable quality about this game. However, after getting to chapter 3I decided the story wasn't worth following anymore due to awful graphics and horrible game play. I wanted to finishthis game and find out what happened, but I literally had to stop playing because it was just that bad. Had there beena demo, I would not have bought the game."
,Not Recommended,253110,20545274,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"So, you're some pretty smart people, you know about the whole Darwinism/evolution/natural selection thing, right? The notion that,verybroadly speaking, the traits and characteristics that are most beneficial are the ones that stick and are built and improved upon, while the ones that are unhelpful or detrimental generally tend to die out. That's more or less the gist of it, give or take... isn't it? Well, the same is true not only in biological terms, but also in gaming... Bear with me here, I'm going somewhere with this, I promise!The gaming landscape as it is now is pretty different from what it was ten or fifteen years ago, and not only because of technological advances or general trends and preferences, but also in design and what we've all learned demonstrably does and doesn't work. Now, this is where this game throws me for a loop so much. It feels like a relic of sorts, like a living fossil that has somehow been untouched by the evolution of gaming over the past decade or two. If someone told me this was a lost game from 1990 I'd easily believe them, and I don't mean in an entirely charming, retro way either, but in a bizarrely obtuse and restrictive way. But I'm getting a little ahead of myself here, let me go back a bit.The Cat Lady is a side scrolling, point-and-click style adventure (but minus the pointing and clicking) where you'll follow the life - and subsequent death - of Susan Ashworth in a strange and maddening tale into the afterlife, back to the land of the living, and occasionally through the dark and twisted recesses of her own tortured mind. Shortly after her own suicide, Susan is coerced by the ""Queen of Maggots"" into being resurrected and made immortal then tracking down and destroy five people who are manifestly evil and can no longer be allowed to hurt anyone. Given little choice, Susan takes on the task and one by one finds herself (and later on, her partner in crime, Mitzi) placed in exceptional circumstances where she must thwart the vile machinations of murderers, torturers and psychopaths, all while trying to deal with her own grief and depression. So as you can already guess, it's a laugh a minute!What isn't quite so much fun, though, and where it feels so anachronistic, is in the way you interact with the game. There's no mouse support whatsoever. Whether moving the character or navigating the menus, everything is done with arrow keys (or WASD if you'd prefer) and confirmed with Enter. So you'll move left or right, wait for an Up Arrow prompt to appear over the thing you're walking by, then select one of any number of options to interact with it. I honestly don't know why this is a thing. It just makes everything feel so unnecessarily awkward and clunky. And that can be applied for a lot of the game. There's no options to change the resolution, playing it in full screen makes some of the artwork look ugly as sin and more or less forces you to play it windowed, save file management is essentially non-existent as you can't delete or overwrite files but only create a continuous stream of saves that each have to be manually named (and, oddly, can all have identical names if you choose), and that's before you even start talking about the moment to moment issues of the game itself.Let me get the biggest offender out of the way first... the voice-over audio is f*cking awful. I'm not exaggerating here to say it's probably the worst I've ever heard. The volume levels are all over the place, there's pops aplenty throughout and it sounds like half of the performances were literally phoned in. Either that or they just couldn't afford better recording equipment and everything's really low quality as a result. The actual voice-over work itself is incredibly hit and miss. The delivery of the two leads is rock solid and I'd love to hear them in other games, but several of the other cast are downright embarrassing to listen to. Some of the voices actually sound completely out of place for the character they're playing, with the main character being a 40-year-old women but sounding like someone almost half her age. As for the graphics and art style, it's a mix of hand drawn art, real world photography and horrible animation where every character has these sort of floaty, paper craft limbs where the joints are detached and pivot independent of one another. Sometimes this stuff works, but far too often if doesn't. Whether all these designs are by choice or down to budgetary limitations or technical inability, I couldn't say, but all they continually serve to do is put up barriers between yourself and any kind of immersion within the game and constantly pull you out of the moment.I know I'm berating the game pretty heavily and sounding like I hated it, but I actually enjoyed a fair bit of it. When it's being completely batsh*t crazy I absolutely adored it (the Chapter 1 outro was a particular favourite moment of mine) and I really wish it had've doubled down on being so gloriously macabre as it sometimes is rather than some of the more mundane moments it falls into. Though maybe it felt it needed that balance and couldn't constantly assault the player with crazy sh*t for hours. It rather admirably deals with many dark subjects that aren't frequently touched upon in games, too, like mental health, suicide, depression, infant death, cancer and a host of more disturbing horror elements like cannibalism, mutilation and implied sexual threat, but as with so much else of the game, some of these topics are dealt with better than others. Though, to its credit, none of the more serious issues ever really feel like they're being treated glibly or for shock value, but rather like they're trying to handle them with genuine sincerity and respect.When it comes to slapping a final verdict on the game, I have to defer to what's being asked of me at the bottom of the page as I write this review - ""Do you recommend this game?"" - and, unfortunately, based on that question, I would have to say no. I wish there was something I could mark it between yes and no, but so much of the game makes it so much harder on itself and the player than it ever needed to be, that I can't say yes, or at least I couldn't without heavy warning to any potential players. If we were given resolution options, a better save system, better quality art, audio and animation, and if we were allowed more intuitive controls, I think I'd probably love this game for the most part. But as much as I hate to say it, as it is right now, too much got in the way far too often for me to love it the way I really wanted, and better executed products made me fall for them much more."
76561198086276748,Recommended,253110,14305591,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bunny (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ,"The Cat Lady is a noir-styled piece of art.The story line sucks you in right away. You really start to feel the emotions or lack thereof that Susan Ashworth (our protagonist) is experiencing.This game does not contain ultra-mega-super graphics. However, this only adds to the dark atmosphere.This is not a fast-paced gameplay and some puzzles can be tricky, but with persistance (or help from the internet) you will persevere.I love this game because it truly makes you look at the ugly in the world - depression, anger, fear, hatred, and envy. Every person tries to escape the idea that these exist and as we sit in our comfortable homes, this piece of art makes us realize how ugly the world can truly be."
76561198034358843,Recommended,253110,18672502,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,vibing_v,"A beautiful game that combines horror with storytelling to relate issues of depression and suicide without being preachy or patronizing. Admittedly it took me  a little while to get into it (I got into the swing of things by the end of the second chapter).Sometimes the storytelling bits feel like they drag a bit, mostly because you can't interrupt them to save/load. But the shift between focuses is great since it keeps the horror elements a bit of a guess. Aside from that the overall flow and storytelling is great.I think it's worth pointing out that the mood and especially music is great. The soundtrack is worthwhile in its own right.The game is long enough to be interesting but quick enough to not be a big investment. Achievements and choices in the story give it re-playability.I rarely bother to write reviews but this really is a hidden gem and well worth the $10."
,Recommended,253110,15085557,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lukewarm Bong,"This game was pretty intense. Sends you through the journey of a suicidal women going through crazy demonic acid trips with (on occasion) awesome music. Was definitely a captivatingly depressing experience that I'd recommend for anyone looking to get into that deeper introspective side of themselves. Gameplay was extremely minimal but made sense. Multiple choices on certain events and dialogue leads to two (maybe three?) differen't endings. Wouldn't really call them ""branching pathways"" though, becauseit's only towards the end that you get a chance to change the outcome of story at allI definitely recommend getting this game!"
,Recommended,253110,21034750,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,koral06,"I actually got this game for two reasons; it was on the Christmas ""winter"" steam sale, and it appeared to be funny. Actually, this game does has some dark humor, but overall, it is very dramatic. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone under 18 as it has some very adult themes. That aside, the storyline is very rich and unique. It really dwelves into a lonely woman who has some psychiatric issues and she must deal with them so to speak. Yes, the graphics are two-dimensional, but this game is more of an art-form with a story line attached. I also commend the music in it is very well paired with the storyline. The endings do vary depending on your chioces made in this game. I think more of these indie games like this one really needs more hype. As you can see from my gameplay, it wasn't a long play, but worth the money. I also read the same company is coming out with another similar game somtime in the future. They have earned a fan here!"
76561198084542967,Recommended,253110,20284916,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,s/\o,"The Cat Lady, I need to say, that this game is pretty special for me, it just feels like it, mostly because it shows that people with depression can live, that their life won't end as sad as it usually does. This gamehas amazing, deep meaning and I think that it's great for everybody, maybe it would open eyes for those people who think that their problems are so big that they can't handle it or just to show that there are people with depression as well, that they can handle it.Aside from the deep meaning, there's also the soundtrack. One of the best one I've ever heared, so brilliant, a masterpiece."
76561198067569163,Recommended,253110,14034362,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,<CBDS> Nicolarson,"Great and clever game ! Good story, awesome soundtack ! Dont juge it by it graphism ! They are actually good in iheir kind, giving the game a little something :)"
,Recommended,253110,19988185,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sakkano,"This game is very gloomy as the main character struggles with a deep depression and the protagonist, Susan Ashworth is a very complex character; jaded and yet developed. You could describe it as a noir game. There is very little color, but this lends to the overall feel of Susan's emotional state. Graphically, it's a simple game; point and click, but the subtle hints suggest that this is a very deep story involving profound loss and emotion, punctuated with very fitting music.This game was my first foray into the horror genre on Steam. It's not a jump-scare game, but a psychological horror.II must say that I would seriously recommend this game for it's powerful story, but i would also like to add that the game is not for the faint of heart"
76561198194198654,Recommended,253110,19993539,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Capuletta,"This game really surprised me. It starts out strange but as you continue on, you become immersed in the story. I had chills going  up my spine in certain chapters."
,Recommended,253110,19571105,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,dnlgjmnz,"The Cat Lady is impressive with its story that draws you in from the very beginning. I really enjoyed the puzzles throughout. They're classic, simple puzzles that may be hard at first but once you get it it'll be an ah ha moment. I love the dark theme throughout the game and it truly has some parts where I wasn't scared exactly but just had this really unsettling feeling. I recommend playing with headphones. I'm not much of a headphone guy myself unless the games us binaural technology for the surround sound effect, which this doesn't have, but it feels much more intense especially in a silent dark house. This is a great indie game. One of my favorite indie games I've ever played."
76561198025864462,Recommended,253110,18961612,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,LiberalChucker,"The Cat Lady is a dark, violent, disturbing, tragic, and yet thought provoking (and in its own way beautiful) story.  As far as I can tell you can't lose this game but depending on what choices you make, the outcome of the story will change... somewhat.  The ultimate end of the story does not change, but I think the ending (in all of its versions) is a message in itself to the player.  I won't say more to avoid spoilers but if you play this game you can expect to feel something... especially if you have had a real world event similar to something in the game.While the graphics are crude I think that gives it a charm of its own.  The voice acting is fairly well done and the choices I had to make had me racking my brain considering what the consequences might be because I did not want to put the characters through more than necessary (though sometimes it made no difference what I chose).  At times I had to look up a walkthrough when I was hopelessly stuck but usually I was able to figure things out.The thing I would like changed about this game the most would be the addition of full controller support but still recommend it with just keyboard control (though I could have easily mapped the keys with a third party program)"
76561198094613205,Recommended,253110,19467735,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BardofVoid,"Of all the game I have played, in all of my life, it is the best. Thank you for this wonderfull game. It really helped me.ps: I know hours played doesn't reflect that, I bought it on steam to support Harvester Games"
,Recommended,253110,20571242,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Elydearine,"Honestly, this is my first ever review in all my years here on steam. So this might add as a bonus. I didn't think much of this game before I purchased it, but I saw a recommendation for it online and bought it on a sale. It took a while before I was browsing through my library and started playing out of boredom.I got completely hooked.The eerie atmosphere and psycological journey that takes place in the main character(as well as in some of the players as well I believe) is telling us about a dark world which we all encounter some time in our lives. Of depression, of sadness, of hopelessness. And to find out that you actually can move on to something better.The dark atmosphere is creepy and some of the gore is even more so. But it all reflects back to a perfect balance between despair and madness(if you like that sort of thing, which I do).There's also a heroine-feeling to it, to try make something better and to punish the ones responsible.The story is dark, but quite genious. I once got asked a question; ""What game would you like to forget and play for the first time again?"" I would say ""The Cat Lady"", ""Braid"" and ""Bioshock"". (not choosing one, sorry :) )So hats off for the developer, as I played this game somewhere in May 2015 and I'm still thinking about it now, wanting to play it again for the first time, Januari 16th, 2016."
,Recommended,253110,20635499,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Xbcw,"This is one of the best games I played last year.  I'm a sucker for revenge stories and The Cat Lady does not disappoint!  I was initially put off by the odd graphics but, after a while, they became immersive and haunting.  Like a good novel, the game will draw you in and keep you interested throughout."
,Recommended,253110,18924038,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ReiHinoX,"All of the following are rated on a scale of 1-10:[Plot][10][Atmosphere][Over Nine Thousand][Soundtrack][10][Visiuals][9][Controls][9.5][Difficulty][7]VERY DISCONCERTING, and left me in tears of emotion while in movie scenes..  Startlingly brilliant for a point and click sidescroller.  The atmosphere and tension was well done, and the SOUNDTRACK THO! HOLY MOLEY that was good stuff.  LOVED IT."
,Recommended,253110,15646787,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"This game is delightfully dark. I was able to get it on a recent sale at a low price. This game is a masterpiece that is worth more than I paid for it. Like others have mentioned, this is the kind of game that you just can't get out of your head once you've started playing. It is thought-provoking and truly a unique experience. Throughout the game the protagonist is battling the evils both from within and from the outside world.I can find no words to really describe this game.. It is so well-done and unlike anything else I have experienced."
76561198004678281,Recommended,253110,20520739,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Candy Corpse,"Apart from not to great graphics and some minor logical issues in the story, this game is really great and sets a nice mood!Recommend!"
,Recommended,253110,20516746,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wrath of Tron,"When you start a game like The Cat Lady, you have a few expections. You've seen the screens, watched the trailer, know there's a character known simply as ""The Maggot Queen.... You expect a dark, twisted journey full of despair and uncomfort. This was my case at least.What I got was a dark, twisted journel full of despair and uncomfort, yes..... but what I didn't expect was a heavy dose of humanity.The Cat Lady isn't perfect, but it is a lot of what makes indie gamemaking so exciting me to me. it's different from it's unsettling art style and imagery to its suffocating tone. I could go on about it, but it's a game best served cold and I'd be doing you a disservice by going into too much detail.Biggest pro is the soundtrack and score. So well done and fit the game so perfectly although the sound design (and voicework frankly) are pretty lacking.Biggest con is really just the structure for me. There are 7 chapters.-1 sets the stage-3 through 7 are a cohesive continuation of the story-2 unfortunately feels out of place having finished the game. It's great when you play it, but in hindsight feels out of place in the scope of the story.Regardless this is great game about depression and getting over it. It doesn't punch you in the stomach or linger for days the way The Beginner Guide did, but it makes its mark.Recommend."
,Recommended,253110,30485915,Posted: 12 March,all,mander,"I am from the school of Syberia, The Longest Journey, Silent Hill, and Quake on PC. This game hit all of the nostaligia of early-aughts gaming and growing up trying to find yourself on the internet. It was a smart, intriguing story that melded horror, adventure, puzzles, and The Feels. As someone who fights Major Depressive Disorder--this is an empowering, raw look at that darkness, humor, and pathos. I wish I had paid like five times as much for it."
76561198122999730,Recommended,253110,19671404,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Antifa91,One of the best point n click games i ever played with very good story and excellent soundtrack.9/10
,Recommended,253110,15040579,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,"This game is dark, grey. depressing, weird and I love it.This is a great point and click adventure game that everybody needs to play.Due to the colour palette for this game, most grey and white to really emphasize how dark and dreary the world is, when other colours are used, it looks really great. Blood and the colour red really standout to give a sense of dread and psychological fear.The psychological horror in this game is done extremely well. It's been a long time since I've actually got so immersed into the game that the psychological sections have really either shocked me or surprised me.Puzzles are really good, most of them are logical, the puzzles are easy but not too easy, could give a challenge to some. However there was only one puzzle that doesn't really make any sense and I had to use a guide for.Hospital sceneHowever it isn't all good, the audio quality is fairly dodgy when it comes to dialogue. One moment the voice actor is mumbling something, so you turn the volume up to hear and then the quality will just spike and then you'll be deafened. There seems to be some sort of static effect when the VA's recorded their lines, possibly due to a low quality microphone. Fortunately the game does have subtitles, which do their job for the most part, unfortunately the subtitles can be in a colour that is hard to read at times.However the soundtrack is fantastic, the guys that worked on the music for the game have done a really good job with that, it's odd that they didn't spend nearly as much time making sure the dialogue was clear. The ingame music sounds like it was inspired by the movie 28 Days later. At least the music always reminded me of that film.I also felt that the controls were kind of 'meh' is well, maybe that's just me being fussy but I didn't enjoy the control scheme all that much.There was also a scene *slight spoilers*That was kind of stupid. You and your friend end up being tied up due to this guy barging into your apartment and threatens you with a small blunt weapon. Anyway he ties you up and tries to kill your friend but and this part is absolute nonsense. A couple of cats climb in through the open window and claw him to death without any sort of a fight from the guy. How he managed to tie two women up with just a hammer is besides me. There aren't really many of these bad scenes but it detracts from the experience.Overall a fantastic experience, cheap as well. Definetly worth the money, I completed it in around 6 or 7 hours with more time spent getting different endings and achiements."
,Recommended,253110,16878964,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,[V]ermille,"Standing by my steam library, I wonder.Do I need a refund?No.My manly tears is heavy enough.It will make me play again for sure."
,Recommended,253110,15591150,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Why Did It Have to be Snakes?,"An extremely depressing, gripping, and downright haunting point-and-click style (well, keyboard really) adventure game. It's drenched in atmosphere and doens't rely on cheap tactics to make a player feel uncomfortable (unlike the bludgeon-to-death-jump-scare that is 5 Nights at Freddy's). There isn't much mystery to the puzzles, but they generally take a backseat to the twisted storytelling and daunting atmosphere that each chapter is soaked in.It also boasts solid voice acting, decisions that can alter the story and the character, and even heavy moral implications with the likes of chapter 2. Replayability in a story-laden keyboarder? Yes please!Three hours into this game, I'm contemplating playing with the lights on again :("
76561198011471922,Recommended,253110,28634741,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BIGBen,"This game is really good. It's artistic, brutal and honest to death. The story is really someting else and you eally SHOULD play it. I have played a lot of games in my life now. Most games bore me to death. This had some lengths but I always kept going because the story was very intriguing to me. The art style is actually really good.This game is more like an art piece. It makes you think. It can really depress you. It's dark. And it's definately worth your time. Go for it :)"
,Recommended,253110,20652719,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sweet Syberia,"This is quite honestly one of the best games I've ever played. While it's dark and incredibly depressing at times, you are given choices and through these choices, you can determine if you chose to hold onto the past or move on.I love the game style, the art work that seems to shift from being grotesque to being just peaceful. You find yourself wanting to help the protagonist and finally set her free of all of her burdens so she can finally find peace and happiness while living.Some people may have a hard time getting into the game since at some points, it does seem a bit slow but not for long. If you're looking for a game full of action, this may not be a game for you. Still, awesome game and I eagerly await any other game by Harvester if they create a similar experience."
76561198079744965,Recommended,253110,12783968,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Preya,"The Cat Lady game is not an ordinary quest. It's more like a good (noir) movie than a game.It has a good plot, awesome soundtrack and fascinating atmosphere.If you like dark stories with good ending you must have this game."
,Recommended,253110,20708958,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Lord Scorpsy,amazing.
,Recommended,253110,25681683,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,±Ukiyo-Sol±,"Completely recommend this game for those who love a very mature, twisted, yet interesting story. The music is also very good, especially for those who like mellow and metal soundtrack. Overall, you're definetly getting your money's worth."
,Recommended,253110,16508712,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NirvanaBunny,"It is likely that you have never met a main protagonist quite like Susan in an adventure game.  She is a deeply flawed person and can be grating at times, but watching her steadily dig herself out of the hole and take control in the face of unspeakable horrors can be immensely satisfying. This extends to the ensemble cast of secondary characters that include some of the most intriguing—and disturbing—villains in games. While the real life demon ""parasites"" provide the device to drive the game's main story, it is Susan's own growth as a character that provides the hook to keep you so invested emotionally in the story.This is an unapologetically adult game that deals with mature themes; in fact, the game opens with a blood red warning about the horrific scenes, sexual content, and violence that await within. Torture, cannibalism, attempted♥♥♥♥♥♥ mutilation; they’re all here in abundance. But the violence is certainly not the point of the game. Yes, gallons of virtual blood, viscera, melted faces, and more are splashed across the screen. And there are genuine scares and tension served up throughout the game. But that is really only the vehicle for telling the story of a woman literally and metaphysically fighting for her life.The backdrop to these journeys is a jagged-edged, multi-layered aesthetic that revels in the use of color to set the mood. The designer’s color palette is one of death, blood, and miasma. Michalski uses colors to increase tension and then release it. Early on, Susan moves out of the burnt autumn colors of sienna, wine, and harvest yellow and into a black and white underground garage dominated by a blood red car. Color is used so well to evoke horror that I swear I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw a blue sky filled with white fluffy clouds.But despite all the trappings of death and madness, The Cat Lady  is ultimately the story of one woman who wants to die but must go on living and another woman who wants to live even in the shadow of tragedy. Death in the midst of life, and life in the midst of death. There are so many more things I could write about what the game means, but the experience may touch you in a totally different way, and that is the beauty of it. At times it seems an embarrassment of riches, and a bit more focus, a bit less gore would have earned this game my highest possible praise. Given the game’s grisly subject matter and unflinching brutality, I can’t recommend it to everyone, but the emotional issues explored here are more raw and real than any I’ve ever encountered in a game. I defy you to play it and not be moved. But do play it. Delve into the darkness and see what it means for you."
76561198084213910,Recommended,253110,20719009,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bilbo Tea Baggins,This game is sad and creepy give it a shot.
,Recommended,253110,15318721,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ogzest,"While i'm only four hours into this game, it has already been proven that this is an experience that I won't forget anytime soon. Best indie game i've ever played. 10/10"
76561198070887333,Recommended,253110,8066287,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,The Fortune Teller,"Let me say that i am not a big fan of the adventure genre. But this game... Dear god, it is amazing. From the diverse cast of characters, to the cleverly crafted riddles all the way to it's sick and disturbing story and atmosphere, this game will grab and hold on to you untill you finish it. If you do not like the Adventure genre, do not be afraid. This is more of a Heavy Rain type of game, like an interactive story but will puzzles and riddles that, although not always easy, only require to use logic to solve. Kudos to the creator for bringing something different in terms of story and visuals to the genre.The Cat Lady is a Mystery/Horror Adventure game. I will not go into much detail about the story, but i must warn you that there is a lot of violent and disturbing imagery that you rarely find in a video game, but there is a reason for all of it, and it is so expertly crafted that your heart will keep pounding until the next chapter, and will keep you wanting for more.The visuals have a unique personality, a good blend of black and white and various other colors to flesh out specific images. They do an extremely good job at giving you a sense of depression and decay, adding a great deal to the atmosphere of the game. The characters and, especialy, the backrounds are well drawn, however the animation could have been alot better. But it is understandable, since this game is the work of one man for the most part, and animations are very hard to do.The music and sound effects are also excellent, creepy and eerie, keeping you on guard constantly. From creeking doors to footsteps from the floor above, they create a feeling of constant danger, never letting the player rest.I highly recommend this game. Even if you do not like the genre you should definetly take a look at this, since the gameplay and story are unique and can be played by everyone, not just hardcore adventure fans. Give it a shot and i am sure you will be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,253110,12664668,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,netjeret,"I was blown away by the Cat Lady.  I expected it to be heavy on the existential malaise considering the starting point of the narrative, but while Susan can get a bit much with it (""I am alone.""  scritch scritch scritch ""I amutterlyalone..."") she's far funnier and more engaging than she initially gives herself credit for.  There are some genuine chills, some honest stomach churners, and the voice overs are superb.  Ok, mostly superb, there's some groaners occasionally.  But the VO for Susan and Mitsy isphenomenal!  And who doesn't need a little more David Firth in their lives?  If you are worried that it's going to be yet another experimental art piece light on actual gaming and heavy on the angst, do not fear.  It's far more a traditional point-and-click adventure game in play mechanics.  The puzzles are often simplistic (find the key, find the door, unlock the door with the key) but there's a few you'll have to think about.  The story is engaging, the voice work is wonderful, and the art style is superb.  Seriously, go play this game."
,Recommended,253110,12279967,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Albiness,"Wow. I'm not sure where to begin on this one. The Cat Lady was a beautiful and eerie journey of a woman trying to make ammends with her life.The story begins with 40-something Susan Ashwood ending her life with a handful of pills, only to wind up in a strange place where she meets an old lady who gives her a choice- wander lost and confused in limbo forever or help to eliminate five ""parasites"" in her life. However, she has also been gifted/cursed with immortality, which is essentailly the dead opposite of what a truely suicidal person wants.The story itself is quite beautiful, as Susan slowly heals and builds relationships for the first time in years, as well as directly confronting the issues which drew herself into her depression in the first place. We watch her grow as a person and develop, right until the moment where she realizesthat the Queen of Maggots from the first chapter is an embodiment of her own depression. The other people she encounters are fully fleshed with fascinating backstories. Susan herself is fairly likable- being reclusive and yet very clever. Her allies are sympathetic and yet very strong, her eventual roommate in particular. The Queen of Maggots is enigmatic and unnverving. Each of the parasites sends shivers down your spine. When I encountered the first parasite, I knew something was off about him right away, and talking to him made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.As for the artistic style, it takes a while to get used to the flow of the graphics, but it fits the style of the game well. The blend of more realistic graphics with the pixelation of other elements is unusual but lovely and eerie. The music is light enough where it isn't distracting but instead adds to the atmosphere. At first I didn't like the voice acting, but it quickly grew on me.All in all, The Cat Lady is a beautiful and eerie game and a lovely artistic experience. I highly recommend it."
76561198012070982,Recommended,253110,13698685,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Boogaloobob,"This is a beautiful game with a spooky atmosphere and with very serious subject matter.It is fascinating to play but it's definitely not for everyone. The gameplay consists out of making choices in conversations and how to approach things, but somehow the story manages to draw you in and keeps you going.I enjoyed 'playing' it immensely, but can not spend more than 2 hours at a time at it cause the game is pretty slow. Still the next day I return to it again. It's that sort of game: it gets under your skin."
,Recommended,253110,8725638,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"WOW! Loved this. 15/10. Perfect amount of gore, nudity and objectives. The story is touching, And i can actually relate to how Susan felt with her invisible illness. This ending had me crying, Its a rare thing when a game can actually touch your emotions. I found myself stuck at times, it helps if you simplify things and not over think it. Being able to save whenever i feel is also a plus. Please do buy this game. It is so worth your time, its beautiful."
,Recommended,253110,7997217,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,calico cat,"Beautiful game. Amazing, deep story, with an amazing main character, Susan Ashworth.She's a total badass.I really recommend this game, because it is just simply stunning. TAKE MY LIKE."
,Recommended,253110,9441082,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Xedar,I cannot even begin to describe how amazing of a story this game tells.You play as a woman named Susan who has decided to end her life by swallowing a whole bottle of sleeping pills.The next thing you know you're in a field of barley.You meet a woman who goes by 'The Queen of Maggots' who is willing to give you a second chance is you're willing to help her out...This is an extremely deep tale that will draw you right in and leave you wanting more.I have never loved a game so much in my life as I loved this.I wholeheartedly recommend this game.
76561198093785882,Recommended,253110,17055387,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Dashofweak,"Time and time again I've had a conversation with someone about video games being an artform. About how player choice and actions can create a much more real, much more engaging story than movies, music, or books could ever create.I used to struggle to name games that could fit this bill, many games have story as an add on, or as a way to showcase their game.Now I have a game I can reccomend and tell people about when i say that games can be art, games can contain a powerful message, and that games can indead make a person better.I never thought so many subjects and so many choices could lead to so many emotions.I highly reccommend this game if you want to experince a story unlike anything else."
,Recommended,253110,29458325,Posted: 24 January,all,Aríllae,"The first time I started to play this game I had to stop after 15 minutes because it had given me a headache. Having said that I tried again the next day with the gamma turned right down and managed to get into it, though the art style did take a bit of getting used to.It's not a fast paced game by any means but the story was interesting, if not a bit strange, and included some really dark subject matter (as was expected). The characters seemed reasonably well constructed, although the voice acting was questionable at times.I bought the game on sale for less than £3 and got 10 hours of enjoyable gameplay and some potential replay value so I'm more than happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,253110,14007706,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,fullmetal5550,If a game can make me feel and sympathize with the characters I say it went above and beyond. The Cat Lady is an excellent game I highly recommend that everyone who has an interest in it plays it.
76561198194167174,Recommended,253110,17294474,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,mogiewon,"Dark, deep, and mature. There is a lot more dialogue than I was expecting, but it's ok since the tone and plot kept me hooked in. Parts made me laugh, parts made me jump, others made me think ""oh wtf! This is awesome!""Although simple in controls, it took me awhile to get use to them. Some of the voice acting isn't the best, but I'll forgive it.Devote some time, turn down the lights, and get comfortable. It's a good one."
,Recommended,253110,12940010,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,L44m4,Even thou the invetory system is a bit clunky the story and the characters keep you playing this game.
76561197970549991,Recommended,253110,21540342,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RedFox,"One of the darkest game stories I've encountered, this horror adventure focuses on atmosphere and characters over monsters and ghosts to create its tension. It isn't a high-anxiety game like Outlast, but rather builds a creeping, uncomfortable dread over the course of the game.One thing I really liked about this adventure is that the solutions to the puzzles were unusually pragmatic (most of the time). I'm used to adventure games that require you to string together entirely nonsensical chains of actions to solve puzzles and there wasn't any of that in this game. Typically, the things that 'made sense to do' worked for solving the puzzles. This might make the puzzle side of the game 'too easy' for some, but for me it was refreshing to not have to hit a walk through every few minutes to see what kind of ridiculous conclusion the puzzle designer expected me to make.The story is definitely for a mature audience and the subjects touched upon are certainly grimdark, but I felt that they were generally handled in a respectful way rather than going for 'shock' value."
,Recommended,253110,17258627,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,YURRRIA,"'The Cat Lady' is dark, gloomy, depressive, brutal, bloody, it sticks out like a weird Picasso painting among all the other games on Steam... It's just grotesque. It's full of bizarre imagery, surrealism and overall it's so unreal. But the unrealest thing is... this game is not. All the weird Picasso-ish stuff that is happening in this game, all the bizarre imagery, surrealism and suicidal cat people? They're all too real. This game is straight-down the realest thing you'll find on Steam.Please consider buying and supporting this - 'The Cat Lady' is more like a human experience than a game, a bright flower despite its only colors being black and white. And I admire Remigiusz Michalski for writing it!"
,Recommended,253110,13919120,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Barnacle Britches,"Fantastic psychological horror adventure game. The art style is unique and haunting, as is the music. The voice acting is also top notch. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a good puzzler that will creep you out with its story as well."
76561197977497555,Recommended,253110,13932219,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,♠ ShA ♠,"I wanted this game for a while and I don't regret my purchase. I loved it and  I wanted to write my first recommendation for the occasion...StoryWe follow Susan Ashworth, a lonely 40-year old on the verge of suicide. She has no family, no friends and no hope for a better future.The Cat Lady is more a ""psychological novel"" than a game. I couldn't stop to play, like diving in a book and impatient to see the evolution of the story. It's very emotive. Susan Ashworth shows us the dark side of the human soul, tortured, violent, desperate... Heavy consequences of our choices, suicide, madness... We play with life to finally catch a little hope, a light after this endless darkness... Our heroine is moving, endearing.GraphicsThe graphics are a bit confusing at first but it's a very particular style that fits with the atmosphere of the game : dark, disturbing, insane... I also enjoyed the music.GameplayHorizontal scrolling Point n' Click with fairly simple puzzles.If I had to give a negative point : I wish the story lasts longer!"
,Recommended,253110,9159414,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,regiment,"GREAT atmosphereIf you like games like Silent Hill or American McGee's Alice, chances are you will love The Cat Lady. It's one of the most atmospheric games I've played, and its uncommon graphics style and approach to Death should at least be checked out, if not admired. It's like Kafka went bloodthirsty.The music is essential for the setting and I really enjoyed it, even though the more rocking parts did the game no good imho.The story telling as well as the character depth is outstanding in The Cat Lady, I could really bond with some of the people in the game. I feel the game missed some great opportunities, though.I'm kind of sad that neither Liz nor Mitzi, whom I grew to like, turned out to be Parasites. Having to kill them would have been a nice play with the players feelings.The game itself is sadly not very well coded: Every time you save you have to create a new file, there is no overwriting. Changing resolutions is not possible and I happened to accidentally skip a few important text parts a few times. Skipping spoken dialogue is not possible which drags the game out a bit and gets bothersome if you have to talk to someone for a second time or you just want to end the conversation.Good heavens, that phone call to the police was annoying as hell.Some of the voice actorsEspecially Lizblew into the microphone whilst speaking, which is also a big minus. The graphics - a mixture between pixel art and high contrast photographs - are weird at first, but once you get used to the style they really shine.The technical deficits this game has are overshadowed a great deal by its content. I finished it in two sessions and fell in love with the rainy balcony on which Susan enjoys her coffe while she smokes as well as the melody she plays for the cats.I also really liked Mitzi, but in the end I accidentally killed her - what made the ending better than if I would've saved her, I feel. A happy ending would just not have fit to the game.NOT FOR DOG PEOPLE.This game tells a tale about confrontation with Death and as such it expresses views not everyone might share and is quite graphic. Murder, suicide and violence are approved agenda. If you are easily disturbed and don't like to be, don't play The Cat Lady. If you look for a perfectly coded game, don't play The Cat Lady. If you want to play a game in which you can really sink in, that is unique and highly enjoyable and if you like cats and morbid stories, do play The Cat Lady."
76561198032068851,Recommended,253110,13382613,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,WatersMoon110,"This game is amazing, though confusing at times. There is a lot of how real depression feels in the game, along with many very cool horror aspects. The retro look of the game combines with amazing story telling. The game is fairly linear, with a few choices that change some of what the game experience is like. It is fun figuring out what choices give what achievements as well. There does seem to be a memory leak, or some other minor glitch; so saving often is recommended."
,Recommended,253110,14074482,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"A dark and gruesome visual novelThis tale about a suicidal lady and her encounters with some twisted people is worth your attention. The story is gripping, the visuals are simple but very effective and the soundtrack is simply superb. Some moments are truly disturbing and some moments are even just sick, but that makes this horror/suspense story more powerful.I would recommend this game to everyone who like the VN scene and to everybody who like a bit of suspense.I give it five stars."
,Recommended,253110,28966489,Posted: 2 January,all,Homulilly,"I really enjoyed the game at first, its got a very nice atmosphere, characters and music. The puzzles are very nice, too.Looks like I got one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest endings ever but nvm, google says it's the good oneIf you like cats and enjoy depressing environments you'll love this game for sure."
76561198078195268,Recommended,253110,21210617,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ALEXB27,"Best game ever.Every detail about it its amazing! The character was so well developed, and the story really got you into.Many may not like the graphics, but for me they're perfect for this type of game. The soundtrack fits perfectly too. Summing up, there arent many games like these (unfortunately), in my opinion it was the best game i've ever played.Fully recomended, 13.5/10"
,Recommended,253110,26227058,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,kittenbouquet,"The art is beautiful, the atmosphere sits just on the line between escapable and hopeless, much like the emotions of the main character. The dialogue is strange and at times abrasive, and originally this irritated me, but when I went back to it later, I enjoyed it. Nothing in this game moves smoothly, and everything is always slightly unnerving or out of place, and I think a lot of the dialogue matches this. I'm not much of a critic, per se, but upon replaying this game, I always felt like I wanted to get out of every situation the game presented me. It made me a bit desperate and anxious.This game gives you no escape from psychological torment, and despite the atmosphere being largely consistent, the game manages to keep it feeling fresh throughout. It's become my go-to recommendation for fans of point-and-click horror games."
,Recommended,253110,26224254,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Tails.155,"A perfect mix of horror, dark tones, dry humor and fascinating art and music. If you are looking for a phenomenal story-driven adventure, this is a MUST have. I swear it. It's one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,253110,22097700,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Lewd,OH woe is me
,Recommended,253110,30580461,Posted: 17 March,all,KappaZ,deep af
,Recommended,253110,14104762,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"I don't know what to say. Dark atmosphere full of sadness is so great. I like graphics, animations, storyline and OST. But I found gameplay a bit boring for myself."
76561198161261859,Recommended,253110,23944075,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Starlit Drive,Absolutly love this game! I captures how it feels to be suicidally depressed perfectly. The sound track is also amazing! Offically my favorite game ever!
,Recommended,253110,24007498,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,VeeMiland,"This game is one I have literally played for a minimum of 82 hours. I have got all the achievements. I have to say I still love this game after playing it, over and over again. Yes it can get repetitive, but this game is just so fantastic, I have to say it's quite captive. Yes, The slow walking can get to you. However, It is a 2012 game. The storyline can emerse you on a certain level. I also find it quite a classical way of the art style, and game mechanics. This game has over all been in my tops, certainly not next to life is strange, but still, in my tops! And You people do have to remember this is a Story rich game. So, the matter of fact, not much action will happen key wise, it is more for movie like style."
76561198317924338,Recommended,253110,32723684,Posted: 24 June,all,Dinokah,"Loved this game! Great storyline which delves into very interesting topics such as death, suicide, and depression. Susan, the protagonist, is very relatable in my opinion. Very much enjoyed the esthetic of this game, with its claire-obscure feel. Great voice-acting too.  As for gameplay; the puzzles were just engaging enough to keep me interested, but they weren’t much of a challenge. This game focusses more on the story development than on puzzle-design, which is just fine if you ask me. I would recommend this game to anyone, but especially to those who are a bid morbidly inclined (as I am)."
76561198011589230,Recommended,253110,12734651,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Heisenderp,"Before i say anything about this game i feel like i should immediately post a trigger warning, anybody thinking of playing through the cat lady that feels like the subjects of depression, suicide, self harm etc etc would be a trigger for them i would advise proceeding very carefully or looking elsewhere.With that said and out of the way my opinion of the game is incredibly high, i've just finished my first playthrough and will definitely be playing it again. the game is essentially a very heavily story focused horror/mystery which is controlled exclusively with the keyboard on a 2d plane, centered on main character susan ashworth who is a 40 year old woman on the verge of suicide, the story basically revolves around the concept that susan has a less than optimistic view on life and the people she meets, she unwittingly finds herself in position's that she must encounter and find ways of dealing with the 'parasites' and dangerous/psychotic people in life, there are also supernatural elements to the story that keep you gripped and wanting to know exactly what happens next but they aren't so over the top that they ruin the story, in fact they are essential to it without being exagerrated.it's hard to describe how good a story/game the cat lady is without posting spoilers but the easiest way to say it is this: if you like blood and gory imagery you'll be satisfied, if you like a compelling story you'll be satisfied, if you like interesting/intriguing characters you'll be satisfied.in terms of complaints and negatives i recognise that the art style and the gameplay being on a completely 2d plain might not be for everyone (i loved it personally) and the voice acting verges on being absolutely amazing at some points (susan's voice actress being a particular highlight) and questionable at others, there is also one point in the story that is never fully explained and feels a little out of place compared to everything else.overall the game is well worth playing, especially if you like a good story with some goth and gore thrown in. buy it."
,Recommended,253110,17196381,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Grez,"* Update at bottomWhen I fired up The Cat Lady, I knew that it would be weird, but I had absolutely no clue as to exactly howinsanelybizarre that it would be. I also thought that it would be just some short little art game. I was quite wrong there as well.Actually, it ended up being pretty substantial...I think that I spent around seven hours or so going through it, maybe a bit longer. It completely exceeded my expectations. When I started out, I was feeling so-so about the game, and kind of irritated by the main character (mostly because I've never been chemically depressed or suicidal, and thus probably don't have the proper level of sympathy to immediately identify), but by the time I was done with the second chapter (of seven), I was going, ""seriously, what in the actual **** is going on around here?""I was hooked. Seriously, this is thecreepiestgame I have ever played -- EVER. More creepy than the first F.E.A.R. (which was really excellent, especially before everyone knew what to expect in subsequent games), more creepy than Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Really, the weirdly rough art style added to the whole feeling, and I had spine shivers on multiple occasions, which pretty much doesn't happen to me. No cheap jump scares...just actual dread and fear. And then, the whole thing regards life motivation in the face of the crappy, eternal, often oppressing weight of existence and modern life.Oh, and themusic...best, most-fitting music in a video game, period. I seriously want the soundtrack...it's the first game where I would've considered getting the deluxe version to own the soundtrack, and they don't do that with this one. Aargh.In any case, it was a spectacularly horrifying game, and if you can handle a continually dark, violent, ugly and super-weird experience, I recommend it highly.___________Update: I mentioned the music...it is included with the game for FREE.  That gives you an even better reason to purchase this game.  Totally worth the price of admission."
76561198055037410,Recommended,253110,16943653,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tessimmi,"status: Finished with all achievementsDark and emotional and sometimes very disturbing.This is not for people that cant be arsed to listen and get into a story, there is a lot of talking and cutscenes.You also have to be be in a certain mood to play this, some days I just couldnt play it even tho I loved it. It is as I said very dark and at points totaly twisted that will make you feel messed up.The good:+Sometimes brilliantly disturbing.+Great story.+Great soundtrack.+Cats.Good and bad:* Voice acting. Some are brilliant wile others just could of been better* Short. Some ppl will find it very short but I think it was perfect lenght for this kind of game.* Easy. It is pretty easy and not rly with any real challange but I didnt mind that in this game.The less good:- A few of the scenes was abit to dragged out.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,253110,14160306,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Low Resolution Dog,to many spooks not enough cats 0/10
76561198121169796,Recommended,253110,12821064,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cookie,Fantastic game for those who enjoy the gothier things in life. Highly recommended.
76561198152591734,Recommended,253110,13891872,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,eaterofdarkness,"Amazing game. Full of deep thoughts and self searching. A MUST for any mystery, adventure, horror, indie game fan!"
76561198297049506,Recommended,253110,31490241,Posted: 1 May,all,Cosmic DarkStar,"This game takes you on a dark journey exploring serious adult themes.  What the game lacks in playing difficulty it more than makes up for in an engrossing, deep, sinister, thought provoking storyline.  The games particular style and approach helps in presenting the claustrophopic, depressing world that the protagonist lives in.  If you like your games raw, edgy and unpolished with no apology for what they are then I thoroughly recommend."
76561198047082073,Recommended,253110,31497233,Posted: 1 May,all,Fugit,"I enjoyed this game more than I thought I would.Graphic really doesn't matter if you have a good story, and ""The Cat Lady"" is full of dark, horror, disturbed and sad atmospheres. If you like the noir style, this game is definetly for you.It's like that movie that you know it will always makes you cry at the end."
76561198078055847,Recommended,253110,19959936,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,rupo67,"WOW! What an amazing game. I instantly fell in love with it!The overall atmosphere, the look and the narrative structure of ""The Cat Lady"" reminded me strongly of ""Frank Miller's Sin City"" and the movies of Quentin Tarantino of whom I am a huge fan. If you're into really dark, depressive, suicidal and ultra violent stuff then this game is most definitely one for you to enjoy. 10/10"
,Recommended,253110,16003403,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,kasuparu,"Nice graphics, great atmosphere, good soundtrack. Exquisite story and narration.1. -RATE 10 OF 10-2. -RATE GAME OF THE YEAR-3. -REFUSE-"
76561198002681709,Recommended,253110,12869941,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,zap451,"The Cat Lady is definitely not for everyone. It is basically a VERY dark ""choose-your-own-adventure""  horror game that requires patience and a love for story and dialogue. I would call it so much a ""game"" because its more a story.PROS: Graphic style resembles LITERALLY cut and pasted pieces of paper. Takes some getting used to, but really works for the atmposphere. The story is very dark, but keeps you interested in what will happen to the protagonist.CONS: VERY deprressing! I like a dark story, but bloody hell......Some of the puzzles were a little too easy."
76561197972601991,Recommended,253110,24667609,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Doctor Cloud,"One of my favourite games played in recent years. Who needs AAA titles at £50+ when all you need is a solid good story and compelling narritve. If youve ever played and enjoyed a 'point and click' adventure then this game will be just the thing for you. Don't be put off by the 'simple' graphics, the art style speaks for itself. Also, stock up on prozac as this game will kick your good mood square in the daddy bags"
,Recommended,253110,23428449,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,särjənt sui·cide,a good spook
76561198066031744,Recommended,253110,15605762,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Elder Lyons,"The most beautiful and creative indie game i've played in my life.Storyline: 10/10Soudtrack and audio effects: 10/10Visual: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10*Personal review*I always liked point and click games, this one is the best one, reminds me oldschool games like ''Phantasmagoria'', ''Full Throtle''... The storyline is beautiful and touch you with a feeling of depression. Personally, i like it, i've always liked black and white enviroment, sad and music and peaceful landscapes.This game has all the elements i like during a gameplay, like:-Awesome storyline;-Dark and peaceful atmosphere;-Jumpscares;-Scary places;-Puzzles;-Mystery;-Awesome soundtrack; (The most important item for me)-Easy gameplay, it's a one hand game, you can play it  while scrathing your ballsack;-Perfect playing time;-Emotional characters;So, if you want a good game, with good and adult storyline, soundtrack, solve mysteries with a touch of ''terror'' envolved, this is your game! I beat this game twice, and i can't wait to do it again!"
,Recommended,253110,15662885,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Main Mid Gir,"Battleing with depression is never easy, this games has tought me a lot. I just wish there where more games like this out there.Great story, great artwork, great soundtrack. But above all, great ending. Highly recommend it.10/10"
76561198068548605,Recommended,253110,15726678,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FloodedHeart,The Cat Lady doesn't need any presentation or reviews. Just play it for yourself. It´s an outstanding journey definitely worth going through to the end.
,Recommended,253110,15661086,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Spider3,"I'm not much for puzzles but this game is a (weird) trip worthing the efforts..edit: more I play and more I realize how good is this game. The music, the voice acting, the story. Definitely underrated - it's really a little masterpiece."
,Recommended,253110,28091235,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,jssc,"When I stumbled across this game in the Steam store, I was immediately turned on to it merely by the fact that the main character and I are more alike than I really would like to admit. This wasn't just another game for me to play to pass yet another idle day with. It was eye opening, soul searching, and left me with a lot of answers to questions I had been asking myself for quite some time. For the first time I didn't feel so lonely in my thinking with my depression and how I see the world. Harvester Games showed me what was inside my head and what I had been searching for for so long. To put it simply, it helped me understand that I am not alone in feeling the way I do. It's not for the faint of heart. It's very disturbing and heartbreaking. I cried throughout most of the scenes due to personal interpretation. But the end result is something that not only had me in tears but left a smile on my face too. I highly recommend it if you're suffering through depression. If you feel lonely, can't get anyone to understand you, can't understand yourself. Play this game. It will take you to dark places but show you the light at the end of the tunnel [and no that light is not a train coming head on].In a non-depressive point-of-view:This game is downright dark and disturbing. But that's the point of it. It takes you to a dark place and opens you up to the world of a person who decides that life isn't for them anymore. If you're unfamiliar with that perspective consider yourself lucky, but this is one unique view of a woman who has gone through a rough backstory that leads her to the end. But it's not the end. The story is amazing and well written. I find myself thinking of it from time to time. It's that type of storytelling that stays with you. It has an amazing score (free with the game) and soundtrack (for purchase as a DLC) backing it up and adding to the atmosphere too. The best word I can use to describe the overall feeling of the game would be ""haunting"" because it will stick with you long after you've completed it. The graphics while most will need to get used to; actually work with well with the game. They're down and dirty, gritty if you will. Raw might be a better word. Again, they add to the atmosphere of what it's like to be depressed, suicidal, and/or not feeling in place with the world around them. It works well. The controls are pretty simple and while I was able to adapt to them pretty quickly; my only gripe was that I wasn't able to use my controller d-pad. Not a big complaint there but the game is simplistic and old school. Overall, this game is truly an amazing piece of art. I cannot recommend it enough. For those suffering like Susan, for those trying to understand a person like Susan, and for those who enjoy good storytelling. Don't pass it up. It's well worth the journey.- A review by another cat lady."
76561198039548285,Recommended,253110,28891915,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Allie,"Act 2 Where you're eating a hamburger alone in your apartment while it rains outside, then going on the balcony and having a cigarette and coffee while listening to the rain fall is one of the most comfortable scenes I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,253110,32449047,Posted: 15 June,all,Minniewhop,"Just...Amazing. I finished it just a few minutes ago and I can't believe how emotionally invested I was in everything that happened and all the characters!Besides the weird resolutions and a few mechanics in the game I just loved everything about it, this is a story everyone should get to experience in a game. If not only for the amazing writing but also to understand depression and how extremely horrible it is to have this invisible illness.The voice acting was so unique in a way I can't explain you just have to experience it to understand what I mean and the soundtrack was fricking fantastic(everything is on spotify *winkwink*)"
,Recommended,253110,20799048,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bloody_Quinzel,A really good story in teh game. Just being honest if you really connect with this game u will cry at the end. Really well made kinda not really a game u play for graphics tho. I enjoyed this game mostly because it kinda made you think. 10 out of 10 for me.
,Recommended,253110,12374541,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,FrYsGaL,A real eye opener into the world of sadness. Highly recommend!!Great story line with a few spooks here and there but this game has captivating gamplay. Point and click (although you don't click...)Addictive soundtrack and bizarre imagery make this game worth the $10
76561198002560288,Recommended,253110,8820436,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,PulseLaser,"The Cat Lady is one of the best adventure genre games I have ever played, and I write as someone who has played a lot of this genre.This game will not appeal to everyone. The story is based around a suicidal woman who has been overpowered by depression for years. Some reviewes have criticised the game for being depressing, which I would suggest is unfair considering that is the focal point of the story, and as described in the game literature. Rather, this game will appeal to those who enjoy dark and surreal stories. Surreal is the best adjective here as the path the Cat Lady is taken on is by no means ordinary, and the situations and characters she engages with are saturated in a dark surrealism which I found very pleasing.The second bone of contention may be the format of the game. You control the Cat Lady by using the arrow keys and she moves in 2-dimensional fashion across the screen. For me, this was a perfect choice to represent the flatness of  her dark and depressed world and adds also to the creepy ambience. It is therefore not the same as a conventional point-and-click. In the same comparison, while there is a fair amount of acquiring items and using them to progress, it is not as heavy as the average adventure game, and is far more logical and functional than some games of this genre. That is not to say that solutions are immediately obvious, in fact as the atmosphere is mysterious and quite scary, it was enjoyable to feel fear just walking around to find an item.The story is very good and the introduction a fantasic way to become accustomed to the game and to be made to feel a little jumpy. The story is surreal as I have said, and is also mysterious. Without risking spoilers, the main story is taken to a satisfying conclusion, however some of the characters, the first one you meet in particular, remain mysterious and give you just enough to hint at what they really are. This is definitely a story and you have to want to absorb it. If you prefer fairly shallow gameplay where you don't have to deeply engage with the story then this is not for you and you will find it unsatisfying - you have to concentrate to join the dots sometimes - and you have to interpret the events and dialogue in the depressed, dark and surreal context intended. It is also dark and adult, the Cat Lady finds herself in several truly horriffic situations. The voice acting is good and I did not feel it ever pulled me out of the game.A final issue that annoyed some reviewes is that the game does not run in a full widescreen resolution. I do not defend the creators decsion but likewise I did not find it had any negative impact on my immersion or enjoyment.For me this game was an engaging, dark, and adult creation which I really enjoyed playing. It made a refresing change from token 'comedy' adventure games, or games trying to be 'dark' and completely failing. There are few well made dark adventure games and I think it is just as important to experience dark mature games as light and happy. If you're a little dark yourself and have the depth of character and intelligence to enjoy this kind of story, then you are likely to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,253110,8076141,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,just got WickiD,"Great drawings, amazing concept, and an unbeliveably attractive storyline. At first, this game was on my shady list, wondering if I should get it or not. Boy, im sure glad I did. I would like to write a brief description of what I've experienced so far, but its all worth it for the player to find out all of this him/herself. Meeting the crew who created this masterpiece and shaking their hands is definetely high up there on my bucket list.Im not yet finished with the game, and im scared to go on. Im scared that it will end. And when it ends, i know ill be crying for more. Great work on this beautiful game, team!"
,Recommended,253110,10362104,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"This is a dark story/type of game, if you're a complete sadist & horror does not bother you, you will enjoy. This game basically gets it right for what it is trying to do, there is a cohesive beginning, middle, & end, and an obvious purpose & direction to the plot/story, some games fail to achieve these basic steps to begin with. Not Cat Lady, wraps you in so much that if you're determined can finish this in an all-night session. More likely, it'll last you through a week & it will stick with you well past that though,haha...Also, look forward to the next game by these devs it's going to be so much more(but VERY similiar, can't wait)!"
,Recommended,253110,11692996,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Jero,"The Cat Lady is a surprisingly good Point and Click horror game. The story is about Susan Ashworth. A 40-year old woman on the verge of suicide. After swallowing a bunch of pills she suddenly finds herself in a field. She wanders about and encounters the queen of maggots. Is she a god? THE god? The devil? Something in between? That's never really explained, but not really important anyway. The point is that you're dead and the queen is interested in Susan to do something for her and by extension give her another chance at life. Susan is then tasked by her with finding five so-called parasites. They're basically awful, terrible human beings and you have to bring them to justice.... by killing them.I have to admit. I wasn't digging this game at first. The game didn't really ease me into the puzzles in the first 20 minutes or so, but after finding the queen of maggots, things begin to really pick up. It's incredibly engaging to say to least. There are seven chapters in the game and only really four focus on the parasites which I have to say is a bit dissapointing, but that doesn't mean the other ones are filler. Susan Ashworth is a great character. She acts very realistic, she's sympathetic, and uses all of her wits against the parasites. It's very refreshing to see a strong female character without resorting to making her a complete mass murder like say Lara Croft. She's incredibly badass, but still feels like a human being. She doesn't have any special powers or is even especially physically strong. Her only advantage over all the obstacles she has to face are immortality granted by the Queen of Maggots, her wits and the element of surprise.So yeah, the story is great. The characters are mostly great and very well fleshed out. There's also a few nice subplots, twists and sometimes the story or ending will change through your actions encouraging multiple playthroughs.The voice acting is pretty good all things considered, but I do have two complaints: one minor and one not-that-major-but-certainly-more-annoying. The minor one is about the main character herself. I don't think the performance is bad, but she sounds like Lara Croft from the 2013 reboot while she's supposed to be a middle-aged woman. That's not how it's supposed to be, right? It didn't bother me too much. The one that really annoyed me was Susans ex-husband. He isn't there for long, but he was really bad. All he did was spout ""GIVE ME A SANDVICH"" or something. Everyone else is great.  The parasites especially who manage to be scary even with some overacting, but it never goes overboard and is certainly not funny in a good kind of way. Some have an obvious accent like how the Queen of Maggots sports an Austrian accent, but it really isn't that distracting from the actual experience and so overall I'd say the voice acting is a succes.The gameplay is actually very strong here. The puzzles are well thought out, but never impossible to figure out on your own with the only exception being the very beginning, because you aren't really thinking with the mindset the game wants you to be. An example, there's a crow somewhere and you're expected to follow it. If you do it right, you'll end up at a different place. Come on, how am I supposed to know that that thing isn't there as decoration? Granted, I thought it was weird how you had to stood still and let the crow fly to either the left or the right side of the screen, but I think my point still stands. The game is entirely in 2D and doesn't use the mouse a lot which I thought was a bit weird for a point and click game, but it works pretty well.There's also a minor annoyance about saving. You can save wherever and whenever you want, but you can't seem to overwrite or delete save files in-game. Seeing all those files stack up and take up space was a bit frustrating, but something I can live without.  You do have to wonder why they didn't add this feature in. Was it too complicated to program?The music was strangely refreshing to me. It felt like how a video game soundtrack should sound. It's very catchy, but it also conveys a lot of emotions. It's a very thrilling, creepy score. The composer deserves a lot of credit.The graphics are probably the worst aspect of this game. Sometimes, it's hard to make out what exactly you're looking at on the screen. All the characters are in profile view which isn't very interesting and to top it all off they're not animated very well. However this didn't stop me from enjoying and this also shouldn't stop you from buying it either. This game is great. It gave me a very satisfying feeling after I finished it which not a lot of video games do for me. If you're in the mood for some horror, a depression or just pointing and clicking then I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,253110,27529144,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rê,"This game has not the best gameplay ever, controls are a bit dull and not dynamic, but it surely has the most shocking story. I love Susan's quest for redemption. This game shows her changing journey from a depressed woman, to an avenger. This game isn't as shallow as many other indie wannabes want to become, instead on its own simplicity it gets the sympathy from the player. I strongly recommend this game and I truly hope you, as a player, enjoy the experience."
,Recommended,253110,26595713,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,♰ Morslyte ♰,"Game is simple, simple graphics, simple progression and not terribly long (took me 14 hours to finish it), but I'd say it is worth it, highly worth for what it is, the story is rich, the details are wonderful, and it can both scare and awe you at the same time. Really good and original. I recommend."
,Recommended,253110,32139995,Posted: 2 June,all,White Shadow,"Very deep and engrossing. The Cat Lady is a dark and twisted story about a lonely middle aged woman, Susan Ashworth, who commits suicide at the start, only to find herself in the realm of the dead where she is granted another chance at life by a mysterious old woman, but in return she must seek out and kill 5 terrible people, termed the Parasites. Along the way, Susan will have to come across some very difficult situations, witness horrific things, but also learn some lessons for herself and even make a friend.I enjoyed this game very much for its dark atmosphere and completely uncensored themes. I warn you, this game is not for those with a faint heart. It has some very sickening and twisted moments, but that's what makes it so immersive. It delves into the dark corners of human existence and shows the horrible things humans can be capable of. It especially deals with themes such as death, suicide, and depression. Most of the characters were pretty well-developed, even the episodic ones who appeared in a single chapter.Most of the gameplay is similar to standard point & click games, with basic puzzles that require you to do something to make progress. I normally dislike point & click games since most of them have very illogical puzzles, but this one's are pretty straightforward and almost always make sense. There were maybe only 2-3 times I had to peek into the walkthrough, but otherwise there's nothing that will keep you stuck for hours. I did enjoy the fact that it was all on a 2D plane, which made it easier to interact with the environment. No more having to go and press 'action' button on everything as other point & click games make you do. Everything that can be interacted with gets highlighted here.Voice acting is all pretty superb, the music is also great and in some scenes is very well-fitting. The dark art style is also awesome and very nostalgic. Reminds me of the older games that had a bit of that alluring stiffness in the animations, which in this game also made some things appear scarier than they would normally be. Something about an erratic, jerky movement makes some things appear very disturbing.Overall a great game and surprisingly immersive. Anyone who's fond of dark, disturbing stories should check it out."
,Recommended,253110,7949904,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bitches,"As a Cat Lady myself, I do recommend this game. Dark, twisted, and fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play it."
,Recommended,253110,9583628,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,GypsyRoSes,"An amazing game.  It was not my cup of tea at the start: very dark and a horror (not my genre of choice) but by halfway, although it still took me 3 months to finish, I was compelled to... & I'm glad I did!  It's wonderfully written, meaningful, & with a great pay off by the end.  Good music, wonderful voice work and interesting art style.  If this IS your cup of tea, then I highly recommend, if it's not, I would still say give it a go.  The Cat Lady 10/10 It's cracked my top 20."
76561198046806970,Recommended,253110,8750043,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Varg,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game I have EVER played. 9001/10
76561197993359594,Recommended,253110,7947612,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Relatively petite falcon,"PRO'SAmazing storyIntriguing CharactersGorgeous soundtrackGood puzzlesA new and innovative twist on the classical adventure - horror genreCON'SNot very well optimised, might crash on some systemsAlso don't forget to crank everything up to the max in the settings menu because on default this game runs pretty laggy."
,Recommended,253110,7919205,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Isobutane,"The story is so tragically beautiful and will not let you go, I finished playing this game months ago and still spare a thought for it often. The artstyle too, is stunning."
76561197960607488,Not Recommended,253110,20591775,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,tonezpeconez,"I know that often people will say that you have to go from beginning to end before you can judge something; however, I believe that mostly applies when you plan to give great praise to something.  However, after 4 chapters of Cat Lady, it's obvious that it does not merit great praise because, no matter how great the ending might be, the middle is so poorly written that, much like its suicidal protagonist, nothing could save it.Chapter 1 does a great job by first pulling in the audience with impeccable pacing, score, and cinematography.  Although the narrative is weak; dialogue is used sparingly enough to allow for the other pieces to be at the foreground of the gaming experience.Chapter 2, things change.  The visual and auditorial aspects of the game get pushed aside to make way for the disinteresting, uncomplex, and seemingly endless dialogue.  With narration coming to the foreground, the game shifts from a pleasurable experience to a very tedious one filled with boring conversations for any audience member whose spent more than a few seconds thinking about life, whatsoever.Chapter 3 puts further emphasis on the narrative and, once again, to the detriment of the game.  Character development is stereotypical and the narrative is contorted, at times, just to keep the story going in a particular direction.  For example, although we saw the character go through some emotional breakthroughs in the previous chapters, she somehow instantly slips back into severe depression over the most miniscule of inconveniences.  In Chapter 3, she has a complete emotional breakdown which escalates into suicidal thoughts.  What for?  Bad coffee, a burnt meal, and criticism from her neighbor for deciding to play the piano at 2am in the morning...  That's all it takes, apparently.  So, despite any judgements regarding the protagonists emotional realism, she just comes across as immature, inconsiderate, and selfish.  And I have a hard time sympathizing with that...Chapter 4.  The protagonist continues to complain with same incoherent thoughts and the game basically goes nowhere.So, all in all, is this game a good game?  Well, in my opinion, after 4 chapters played, it's a complete disaster as far as writing is concerned."
76561198067670664,Not Recommended,253110,19755904,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wang,"Intrigued by the story, I purchased this game. After progressing into the middle of Chapter 2, I am rather disappointed and don't want to spend more time playing it.It is hard to immerse in the game as the main character Susan. The game is a point-and-click adventure, in which one has to collect objects in the surroundings and to talk to NPCs in order to move forward in the plot. However, with Susan being presented as depressed and suicidal, I find it difficult to justify why she's collecting seemingly irrelevant items and initiating conversations like an avid detective. Granted there are not that many objects to begin with, but still... that feels weird. The problem is less obvious in Chapter 1, but in Chapter 2 it starts to be intrusive.After detaching myself from the story, I noticed that this game has other shortcomings.* Resolution stuck with 800x600 (on linux), hence texts are small.* Crashes* Unnaturally slow game paceMaybe it would work better as an interactive novel. However, the crashes will still break immersion."
,Recommended,253110,18896548,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,shogun_pip,"Depressing. So depressing. But in the most beautiful and introspective way. I started this game unsure of whether or not I should play given my history with depression. And as I made my way through the story, I continued to question if it was healthy for me to play a game that only highlighted my insecurities. But by the end, it only made me think more about how I felt and how others must truly perceive me. I'm glad I bought this game and finally got around to playing it a year later. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,253110,18732559,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GunSlingerMalanta,"A good game, definitely reccomend. Now if you want a more detailed review keep reading, and I'll try to keep ot rlatively spoiler free. You play as Susan Ashworth, a cynical as all hell woman yet still provides sarcastic humor at the points just where it's neded. The writing is superb and fits the atmosphere perfectly. Each character has their own personality brought on by the writing and the voice acting brings it up to amazing levels. While there are some times where it seems the voicing gets louder as if right up to the mic or lower as if leaning away its rare enough to not cause any problems. It has a great story, one that I've never seen before, and it is carried out wonderfully. To sum this up:Pros-+Great writing+Great Story+You really attach to some of the characters and understand them+Amazing voice acting+Really makes you think and touches on some dark subjects of humanity+If you like dark or sarcastic humor you might get a few laughs out of thisCons--If you like getting achievements the only ones that show up in the list to be unlocked, at least for me, are the chapter completion ones-To get certain achievements you have to save before hand to get both if they involve making two opposite choicesTL;DR, Get the game, now, 10/10"
,Recommended,253110,18871239,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DreamStar,"A great indie horror point-and-click puzzle game! This game is all about the story and it deals with some really deep topics, like lonliness and depression. For as surreal as this game gets, it is incredibly relatable. Definitely for mature audiences. Some puzzles are difficult to figure out, some items are hard to find because of the graphics... so I found myself stuck in a few places at times. But it was worth figuring them out to get to the end. The game has acheivements, which I love to get. The multiple endings give s you something to strive for to get the best one.Also, there was one area that was entirely a homage to one of my very favorite 8-bit point and click games, so that made me love this game on a whole new level.This game was so enjoyable, that I actually looked into the developer's previous game title: Downfall which was also great to check out. Downfall is now available for free too, as a reboot is in the works. I am looking forward to the remake of Downfall coming out next year!!"
,Recommended,253110,18885749,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kaijuicy Juice,"This game makes you emotionally invested in the story and its characters right from the beginning and the very dark, brooding atmosphere really helps set the mood. It's an evocative journey you go on with Susan, you really feel for her and her struggle. Would recommend to anyone and everyone, even people who don't ususally like this style of game."
76561198210773265,Recommended,253110,17730167,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,zispringdesu,"В своё время, в 2012, мне показалось, что это прекрасная, уникальная и умная адвенча про жизу и ад. 2015 год. Не показалось."
,Recommended,253110,10062067,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Biceps,Excellent little game. Picked it up cheap in a sale. Got around 10 hours of solid game play from it first time round. Worth multiple play throughs.
76561198082705971,Recommended,253110,9039437,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Grape-ist,"This is game is essentially a point-click/puzzle game like really none other I have ever played. It's storyline is certainly one of the best I have ever come to enjoy and it's dark, macabre sense of artistic visualization makes it seem only more special. A few times it has actually scared me, and by the time you finish the last chapter you realize that you have been sucked into the world of Susan (Cat Lady), feeling her emotions and her decisions. I really enjoyed this game and I suggest that if you have a taste for those creepy depressed feels, it is certainly worth the purchase."
76561198092172133,Recommended,253110,8902494,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lockheart,"This game is very much worth playing if you enjoy darker games.One of the best horror games Ive played in a while.Confused me a little at first but after a few minutes of gameplay I fell in love.Story line is amazing, and the graphics are just awesome :P"
76561198076306147,Recommended,253110,9074982,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SnowUltran,I really recommend this game for anyone that likes a emotional game that has an AMAZING story line. This is one of the best games ever
76561198080269982,Recommended,253110,9128232,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Steelsparda,an amazing story driven game challenging puzzles awesome sound track with an ending that makes you want to enjoy life and be happy your still kicking :) loved it very emotional ..
76561198030290879,Recommended,253110,9187703,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,GnomeDraws,I'm usually not one for horror games but I really enjoy this for the intriguing story and characters. It brings something interesting to the table as it doesn't rely on jump scares and fast-paced action that is typical of the genre.
76561198071899138,Recommended,253110,9393986,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,kctiernan,"Engrossing visuals, dialogue, and environmental puzzles make for an enjoyable game.  Susan, The Cat Lady, is a complicated character, not always relatable or likable, but the lessons she learns from her suffering really got to me.  Would defintely recommend for sensitive souls and those who have dealt with depression."
,Recommended,253110,9443839,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ditto,"Really good game, I didn't think i'd be so reeled in by it. I highly recommend it. Especially if you like David Firth's stuff."
,Recommended,253110,9417970,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mit Garrigus,"Amazing  game. I had to take a break from playing - the story is great, but also scary and disturbing."
,Recommended,253110,9869738,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DarkerDevotee,"This is an amazing game. Great story line, great gameplay and very adictive.Here is the first 17 minuets of game footage which I played/ recoreded if anyone is interested :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkxkG9V-3zY&index=2&list=PLMvQmIHd_It-Fn1WVCaZvpsVsgwUMJw6Z"
,Recommended,253110,14629424,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Soap,"A wonderful study of mental illness and how it troubles everyday people, The Cat Lady is everything Depression Quest should be. The story is of an average woman who suffer from depression, but in the end kicks its♥♥♥♥♥and learns to cope with it."
76561198048547701,Recommended,253110,13869763,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Lynara,"This game is so incredibly delicious. I can't get over how well done it is. Maybe it's just because I'm a crazy cat lady myself, but this was such an experience to play through. Well written, mostly well done voice and the mood of it all.. Brr. Going for second playthrough now, gotta see the other endings."
,Recommended,253110,18368149,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,$AgentK$/Pirate,"Easily one of the best horror games with an insanely good story line.Amazing start, amazing ending, cutscenes are awesome and definitely worth the full $9.99.The story links amazingly with your choices being a big factor to the storyline, each decision you make shows a different outcome and is always completely unexpected.Rather than the typical horror games with cheesy jumpscares and unexpected WHOA pop-ups, this game puts a very equal amount in, and not the ones that are completely stupid but the ones that were planned extremely well.If there's a horror game I'd want you to play, this will be up in the ranks of Silent Hill. This game creeps and spooks you out, but not to the point where you'd fall asleep or become sick of all of it. The Cat Lady is incredibly balanced and everything is set out well. 10/10TL;DR - Awesome storyline, mad gameplay, decision making is major, 10/10 JUST BUY THE GOD DAMN GAME ALREADY"
76561198004022855,Recommended,253110,18687021,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,maldorf,Excellent game. If this is your genre then this is a must have. The game is pretty much linear but the story told and the art work is superb. I really enjoyed this game.  There are a few points where I got stuck and couldnt solve what to do next but those points were very few and easily taken care of by looking it up on the net. The phychology here is quite compelling and leaves you with a lot of emotion.
,Recommended,253110,18774123,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DoAndroidsFapToElectricSheep?,"It took me a while to get into this game. It's a little slow-paced and the quality is lacking in parts, but after the first hour I was hooked in and I loved it all the way to the end. Also, David Firth (look him up if you need to) shows up during a Maniac Mansion sequence."
,Recommended,253110,18022928,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Amber,"This game is art.Alright, so the graphics aren't the best. The gameplay is not perfect, and the dialogue tends to drawl on.But in comparison to the emotional rollercoaster of a story, heart-wrenching characters, and dark theme, the cosmetic flaws are ridiculously petty. There is a certain twisted beauty that negative reviewers have failed to spot among the game's carefully woven intricacies.It is a masterpiece that has obviously had hours of work and thought put into it, and depending on your choices, you can get a happy ending that will make you cry, or a horrible ending that will also make you cry.You cry either way.10/10 Just buy it."
76561198076823675,Recommended,253110,13836658,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"It's a slow paced puzzle game, but one that can be solved with minimal walkthroughs. The tone is very unique and spooky; I bought it near Halloween as an impulse and was glad for it. The animation is a little wonky and the pacing of cut scenes can be very slow, but I am glad I played it through to the end, excellent character writing and tension building."
,Recommended,253110,13326560,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,samwise,"Thanks for the emotional journey!  The Cat Lady is exceptionally well-written and acted.  Kudos to the artist-- the grittiness, colors, layering, and touches of surrealism are perfect. I will be buying your next release (Downfall) as soon as it is available."
,Recommended,253110,15591116,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AwCmonPuddin,"The Cat Lady is a psychological horror point and click game.You are a lonely, depressed lady named Susan who struggles through life with no one but her cats. Throughout the game you really start to feel for Susan and start to appreciate life more. It has a very dark and creepy story, very creative I must add. It gets very emotional and pretty morbid. It keeps you on edge and really makes you think..The graphics may not be so great but the story and voice acting makes up for that. There are puzzles, however they are quite easy. It is very story driven with a lot of dialogue(that you actually will want to read!).I would like to warn people who suffer from mental disorders that it can be very emotional and some things will hit very close to home.But overall, I LOVED this game."
,Recommended,253110,17364653,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bag_of_BOnes,"Dark and emotional. When you're not solving light adventure puzzles, you'll be hooked in sad tale of morality. Strong adult content."
,Recommended,253110,16485823,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DanNug,"DId not expect to find such a great gem, one of the best games I've played in years! Yes the graphics and walking style are a bit lacking but I hardly noticed at all. Amazing storyline, really interesting and well developed characters, fun choices, great voice acting and music and also enough moments to scare you and confuse you throughout. Worth every penny, I wish there were more games out there like this one, a must buy!"
,Recommended,253110,16251813,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ejosue,"Well... this game is fantastic. The graphics, the music and the voice acting are incredible.The game is fairly easy to play and the story line is very well develped. I got scared quite a few times and there are a lot of weird ""creatures"" in the game that will creep you out. Also, you have to solve a lot of puzzles that are challenging but not impossible.I'm not gonna lie, I got into the game  a bit too much and I noticed that I was becoming a bit depressed from it. But then again that's what I loved about the game the fact that it was able to connect with it so much!If you are into art, very good story lines and amazing MUSIC! then this is your game.10/10"
,Recommended,253110,13915395,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,nanovoid,"The Cat Lady a.k.a. The Five People You Meet in HellTL;DR -> Well worth the cost (and probaly even a few dollars more)As someone who has gone through several of the situations that the protagonist goes through, as well as being extremely introverted, let me just say that the story really hits close to home. It is a truly emotional journey that can easily drudge up the past and really force you to connect with Susan on several levels.Playing the game won't make you depressed, on the contrary, it will almost make you feel epowered in a way.For those of you who haven't gone through any such events, you should still play this game. The gritty, dark and quite realistic (with the exception of several key factors) story is just a real heart-felt journey that will occasionally cause you to stop and think about the trials in life that several people have to deal with. TL;DR? -> Sometimes you'll feel sad for the characters and sometimes you'll feel downright♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at others.As for the game itself? Each aspect seems to compliment eachother. What I mean is for those of you who have seen the GRAPHICS and immediately thought that the designers were just lazy, let me just say that the art would NOT have worked any other way. This particular style of art works extremely well with the story that is being told. It's not lack of ambition or design resources, it's intentional and rightfully so.The SOUND was something that I struggled with to accept. Some of the voice-acting was very well done, but quite a few of the characters seemed really forced, such as Doctor X. Often times you can hear that it was just a case of standing too close to the microphone while other times the dialogue just didn't really sound convincing. Sometimes I felt this worked to their advantage as it added a more realistic tone, but it was quite situational. Overall, I didn't feel like this really took anything away from the game.The MUSIC, however, I found to be really enjoyable all the way through.The CONTROLS? Not much to be said on that point since you only use the arrow-keys and Enter. Very easy to play and drink coffee at the same time with is a wonderful little bonus.The PUZZLES in the game aren't of the Myst-type calibre, but are enough to keep it from feeling more like a visual novel. Some of them you will just end up solving without even realizing it's a puzzle while others might take you awhile to piece together. I, personally, found none of them to be truly frustrating.The REPLAY VALUE is there, but unless you didn't save very often or didn't focus on nailing each achievement, you might cap it off with 2 playthroughs.Overall, I would recommend this game. Well worth the couple bucks."
,Recommended,253110,13812766,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ms. Harvpo,"The Cat Lady is a psychological horror/adventure game where the player takes up the mantle of Susan Ashworth-- a forty-year-old manic depressive who commits suicide only to find herself returned to life (and with immortality to boot) so that she can enact the wishes of an apparitional old woman dubbed the Queen of Maggots. Susan is tasked with finding five 'parasites' (murderers) and killing them; only THEN will she be granted death. Through the course of the game, the player learns about Susan's dark history, and is introduced to a cast of deliciously flawed and fleshed-out characters. It's a somewhat inconsistent game, but it's also one of the most memorable horror titles I've ever played-- matched only by Silent Hill 2.+ The artwork is beautiful; dark, gritty, and wholly original. You'll often find yourself pausing and taking in everything the game has to offer. It's all very visceral and surreal.+ The music is fitting and helps maintain a consistent tone throughout the game. Most of the soundtrack is dark and ambient, but there are a few vocalized tracks by indie musicians that are well suited to their particular cutscenes.+ The story is engaging and refreshingly honest about adult themes.+ The voice acting is stellar.+ The puzzles aren't arbitrary, and they're neither too hard nor too easy to solve.+ The protagonists are well written and tragic, and you'll be invested in their stories.+ The controls are simple and suit the game well.+ No two chapters have the same gameplay.+ The endings are all appealing in one way or another, and there's high replay value.- The writing can be juvenile at times (particularly in Chapter 5, when Susan is taking a bath, and Chapter 2, where there's some cringeworthy dialogue about depression).- The gore approaches splatterhouse levels on some occasions, and it comes off as arbitrary.- Everything after Chapter 4 seems a bit rushed.- Chapter 5 feels like it was shoehorned into the game, and would be a complete throwaway if not for the section dealing with the genesis of Susan's depression.- The voiceover recording is a bit shoddy. Mic pops and static are pervasive."
76561198036073891,Recommended,253110,13956079,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Holly Hentai,"I feel mentally violated. I feel physically drained. I feel like in order to feel better, I would have to buy chinese food, watch a comedy film and re-evaulate my entire life."
76561197992838391,Recommended,253110,15468146,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Lycan,"Greetings all.Cat Lady is one of the few games that the storystelling alone should suffice to catch you. The game centers in Susan Ashworth, a young woman suffering from depression due to several losses in her life, her condition worsens to the point that she is about to commit suicide, and there the game unfolds.Cat Lady relies on a strong absctract narrative with several noir elements. The gameplay is basically a point n' click where you use the mouse to interact with the ambient and NPC, while solving some (progressively difficult) puzzles. It is separated in a few chapters where you will get to know more and more about Susan and how she developed to become what she is now. The game story and the (awkward) characters are engaging (in their on right), as I stated is engaging, however there isn´t much exploration to do which could be a bad point for those who seek lore about the game world.While there is more than one ending, there isn't much to be considered between them so it can be considered an one shot game (there isn´t much things to be done in a different fashion to deserve another replay), so I recommend getting it when on sale.It is more a philosophical experince than an adventure that might make you rethink about yourself and your values, in a positive light (or at least I hope so).I give the game a 7,5/10 due to the strong narrative and character building but the somewhat limited gameworld and interaction, therefore I recommend this game.Best Regards,Lycan"
76561198035600918,Recommended,253110,15489830,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MrTeeheehee,One of my top 10 most memorable PC games of all time.Absolutely brilliant.
76561198203263323,Recommended,253110,17002029,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Darth_Pumpkin,"First off, I'd like to say that I've enjoyed this game to death. I'd recommend it on the grounds that it is very fun to play and stays interesting the entire way through. However, it has its flaws.PROS:1. The puzzles. I've had so many horror games have just one type of puzzle: ""Find the thing to open the door."" The puzzle where you have to build a weapon was my favorite. The solution was complicated (lots of pieces to find) without being obnoxious (having to have an encyclopedic knowledge of Shakespeare).2. The scares. This game has a combination of scares, between our favorite jump scares to those situations that only get worse the more you think about them. The variety keeps the game from getting too repetitive, which is always nice.3. The soundtrack. Wow. Just... wow. The use of music in just the right places really helped out the atmosphere.4. The art. Does just as well as the soundtrack in getting that ""feeling"" right.CONS:1. The dialog sounds really unnatural. Conversations drag on without adding much to the plot, which left me pressing Space repeatedly to ""get to the point.""2. The plot's a little too predictable, to the point I wonder how much of this game was a subtle satire. It reminds me of some angsty fan fiction, things like ""so I went home on Tuesday to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and beaten, only to realize that I left my oatmeal out and now it's all dried out and chewy. And I have a bad hair day. And I'm going to die from a terminal disease, too."" Situations where I should have cried, I laughed. Hysterically. If this game was intended to be a satire, it did so flawlessly. If not... well...3. The characters are more like cardboard cutouts than actually convincing people. The goal is to ""show, not tell."" The most shocking of all of this is Susan's self-esteem issues at the beginning of the game, which were repeatedly mentioned in her own dialog. Depressed people often have self esteem issues, but the narrative latched onto a few specific surface traits instead of really exploring the character like it should. This pattern showed true for every single character in the game.4. Some scares, like the screaming going on when you're trying to gather a weapon to get the killer, last WAY too long, once again, moving into comedy instead of drama.5. The acting is inconsistent. Some parts really hit home, but some conversations/characters were painful to listen to. The Queen of Maggots was especially hard to take seriously, with the odd emphasis on certain words and strange pacing. Mitzi, however, was very believable, so it's not ALL bad.If this was intended to poke fun at today's indie horror tropes, congratulations, this is the best thing I've ever played. If this was intended as seriously as the plot synopsis seems, though, this is that lovely type of failure that's okay anyway, arguably better than it would have been.  Either way, I logged quite a few hours on this game, and I intend to log more. Five stars."
76561197994591810,Recommended,253110,13667231,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Fallen,“Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable.”  - BanksyWhat a perfect description ^^ A well made nightmare-like trip
,Recommended,253110,16762009,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,NemesisLeon,"One of the greatest stories that I've ever seen in a game.  I like the simple controls so I can play one-handed and do other stuff and just relax.  The exploration is interesting, complemented by FANTASTIC atmosphere and art style.  Then you hear the amazing soundtrack which enhances it even further.  Plenty of clever puzzles too.This game is also obviously targetted at depressed people... and it will definitely make you feel better by the end whether you're depressed or not.The only problem of The Cat Lady and Adventure games in general is not knowing what to do next.  I WISH adventure games would point out what you should/could do next after a sizable delay.  Bookmark a Cat Lady walkthrough for when (not if) you get stuck!"
,Recommended,253110,12578513,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,64 Slices of American Cheese,"By far the best adventure game I have ever played, and probably the best horror game as well. I can't even begin to describe how much this game affected me. It's something I've never really come across before... a game that genuinely connects you with the characters. The dialogue and voice acting are spectacular, without a trace of corniness or cliché. The art style is very unique and stylised, but it suits the mood of the game perfectly. This has to be the closest thing to 'the perfect game' I've ever come across. I can't reccommend it enough. This review doesn't even do the game justice... you must play it to understand. It's an unforgettable experience."
,Recommended,253110,13890404,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Motioncityrule,Not horror. Terror. I don't have words good enough to describe this game. If you like well written terror novels then this is the game for you. Infact even if you just like horror movies you should buy this and beast it in a night. Its fantasticly written!
76561198337265219,Recommended,253110,33552289,Posted: 14 July,all,Idek618,"This is legitimately one of my favorite games of all time. The aesthetic is really cool, the music is amazing, the characters are spectacular and I was surprised by how attached I got by the last chapter, the horror does NOT **** around and even at its hammiest it's engrossing, the ending is wonderfully emotional and heavy no matter which one you get,  and there are even some genuinely funny moments I wouldn't have expected. If it weren't for the content warnings and stuff I'd probably recommend it to everyone I came across. My only nitpicks are the occasionally excessive head bobbing (mostly the Queen of Maggots, but there are some moments it's really out of place) and Pauline's voice acting being a bit flat, but like I said. Nitpicks. 10/10 without hesitation, and I can't wait for Lorelai!"
76561197997034172,Recommended,253110,13509628,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,noidisdead,"Creepy as hell game. It's all atmospheric. I still feel the creep-factor, even after finishing it. The puzzles are challenging, but not impossible."
,Recommended,253110,15284845,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ezavane-TE,This is a game with a story to tell and man does it do it in one hell of a way.
76561198055837073,Recommended,253110,26916745,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kitsune,"It’s like ugly took a vacation here and never went home again. The atmosphere set a perfect mood that felt like you truly were in a rainy town filled to the brim with crazy. The game was genuinely suspenseful, I found myself constantly looking around the room with every creek or footstep. It was dark, humorous and memorable. The puzzles were clever and really made me think. From time to time I got stuck but I enjoyed that little bit because it proved to me that it wasn’t a lackadaisical excuse for a puzzle, but that some genuine effort went into the game.found depth in the characters and it really tugged at my heart. It really felt like you made a difference with each ending, be it good or bad or in between. I felt like the choices were in my hands, in Susan’s hands. It expressed human emotion in a very effective way with the characters developing alongside you and your feelings for each and every one of them.The game really is amazing, just like Downfall. in my book, it’s a 10 and will always be a ten."
,Recommended,253110,21068076,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Weetbit,"I watched this on YouTube a little while back with my boyfriend and we had decided to watch the series together - unfortunately, I managed to finish the entire thing while he was out at work because it was that addictive.The whole game was so enticing and exciting while dealing with the issue of depression, and because I was so interested in it, I decided to buy the game for myself whilst it was on special for about $1.99. I'm pretty happy with that."
76561198120277452,Recommended,253110,23997247,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,laci_thayer,this is my favorite game although i like alot of replay value like most people this is 100% my favorite game and has been for years
,Recommended,253110,21043580,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Taako,"SUCH a good game.I love this kind of story and playstyle.It has amazing;-Music-Story-Atmosphere-ImageryHowever, it deals with really strong themes, so if you don't like gore, death and suicide-related content, or anything really emotional or negative, it's probably not the game for you.Pros;-Engaging and engrosing.-Fantastic soundtrack-Cats-Really cool story-The plot concept is very strong-Very intense at parts.-The horror aspect is very strong-The Queen of Maggots is just plain awesome and I love the candle mechanic.Cons;-A bit slow sometimes, verging on monotonous. Susan is slow on occasion and it can take away from the urgency of certain scenes.-Most of thePsych ward, except after getting the red stuff. That spider was awesome, and the parasite was a great reveal.-Mitzi. (She was very annoying. And really didn't contribute much imo)8/10 overall."
76561198076337995,Recommended,253110,9967078,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,deaths_cold_eyes,"This game is dark and horrifying, but beautiful and comforting. I saw this game on a let's play a youtuber named 'Cryaotic' did and I just had to buy it after watching the first few minutes. Being someone who suffers from depression myself, Susan is a character I can relate to. I tend to play games for story, and this one just struck me. I wanted to see how Susan's story would end, and I'm hoping it's not disappointing. Play this game if you're a fan of dark storylines."
,Recommended,253110,13941308,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Xosted972,"The mechanics of the game are pretty simple and have been explained many times so I won't bother.Instead, let me say that It felt as a deep dive into the other side. Into the mind of these people we hear about and judge while comfortably watching TV on the sofa. It is about the people we might even laugh about. We all know a cat lady, however shape they take.This game reminds you that these people are real, they have a history and probably a level of suffering which is beyond our understanding. The characters are so realistic, you'll find yourself asking ""Why? Susan, why do you suffer this much?"". Maybe you'll think the same next time you cross your real life cat lady.Play the game and dare feeling the emotion, don't hide from it.Funny, sad, bizarre and scary, this is a piece of conscience elevated to art."
,Recommended,253110,29525114,Posted: 27 January,all,DoomPickle,Dark and amazing
,Recommended,253110,14244287,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dr. Acula,"The Cat Lady is a daring game that goes where very few other fiction pieces go. It's a dark, heavy story, but one that ends up delivering something that its own protagonist lacks: hope."
76561197970337528,Recommended,253110,14227176,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Iron Phoenix,"A blackly exquisite gem of a game.The story is in equal parts compelling, shocking, beautiful and disturbing as well as very human in places. It is also quite original and keeps you guessing til the end.The atmosphere is often as surreal as are some of the situations the main character finds herself in.No doubt the noir-ish style of the art work and animation which at first seemed to me to be a little um, rubbish or cheap at first soon proved its worth in this respect.It is by design a fairly adult themed (suicide, depression, mutilation etc) point and click style game with excellent voice work but the other element that really stood out for me was the control interface. It is simple yet feels natural in its elegance - even for this type of game standard things like inventory management, movement and interaction became quite fluid after a few minutes play time. And that is using a keyboard.Similar to the way an arcade racer feels when played with a gamepad in that you can become more absorbed in experiencing the game because there are no complex controls in the way that would take your mind away from the atmosphere as you take moments to wrestle as much with an awkward camera view or an evil unchangeable control method.This game does not suffer with terrilble controls. Quite the opposite. Personally I sometimes try to persist or adapt if I really want to try and enjoy a paticular game, but in some cases, the occasional unchangeable control method or camera angle spawned from the depths of Hades can be  the greatest enemy encountered of all by the player and so the entire experience is destroyed, the story unfinished. (rant over lol)Even for this fairly basic style of game, the control method here should receive as much credit as any moody art assets, music or voice work.If you be a fan of the genre, and like the type of game, its a definate win - win scenario.Try it, you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,253110,18122531,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,beetlejews,"This game deals with mental illness on different levels, and is very beautifully written. The art style is unique, and the soundtrack is captivating.There is one very important aspect about this game that I will mention, and to me was a downside. There is a LOT of dialogue. A LOT. About 70% of the gameplay or more is you just clicking through all the dialogue options, and it gets tedious at times.The game does a complete 180 in the middle of it and goes off on a tangent that re-focuses the whole story off of what the 'main plot' was supposed to be. I found this somewhat dissatisfying, because of the fact that I really liked how it went before said 180 happened. The game goes from very dark to light. I didn't exactly love that aspect. Now don't get me wrong, this game is scary. It's atmospherical as hell, and when I played this at night I was checking behind my back quite a bit.BUT.This game does not exactly withhold the same level of 'creepiness' that it hands you in the beginning.The Cat Lady has a unique and well-written story, with many strong aspects. It has a very nice theme, and honestly was a nice game to play, if you can get over the downsides I mentioned (which note, other than the dialogue, aren't a huge hinderence to it).Overall, worth the money. Puzzles that don't melt your brain, but still challenge you."
,Recommended,253110,28993444,Posted: 3 January,all,icekazooie,"I think it is a very underrated game. I really enjoyed it from start to finish, although getting started was sort of slow. I like how there can be different choices and outcomes for the ending. Not to mention the style is hauntingly beautiful. I was creeped out and got a bit frightened throughout playing. The art style is awesome though and more unique than most games I have come across lately. It's not a super long game, but there's enough there to make me want to play again to unlock all the achievements. On the first playthrough I only unlocked about half of them. Also the dark sense of humor is my cup of tea, so if that's your thing then the story will keep you entertained. I will give it a solid 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,253110,12103405,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Azreale,"A beautiful game about depression, revenge and death. Really gives you an inside look on suicide and depression. Not too long, can be completed fully in about six to seven hours. Wonderful side-scroller, don't need a mouse for it (all arrow key based) and fairly cheap. You sympathize with Susan, there are multiple ways and personalities you can play it with, and the atmosphere is so delightfully eerie and dark."
,Recommended,253110,23369398,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Otaku Degenerate,"I really love this game so far.I haven't finished it but I play as often as possible.It really has an amazing atmosphere and I actually care about what happens to Susan.I've never writen a review before and, if you look at my library you can tell I don't play that many games but... I believe this game is one that deserves to get good reviews so I'll give it one."
,Recommended,253110,15397466,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,JxcelDolghmQ,"Before I start writing, let me just say that this reviewmaywillget a bit emotional. Instead of talking about the storyline (which is phenomenal) or the character development (you're going to love Susan Ashworth and Mitzi Hunt more and more as the game goes on) like so many other reviewers have, I'm going to talk about the impact my first playthrough had on me.I've been struggling with suicidal ideations these past couple months. Now, I don't think I would ever actually go through with it, but just being alive has felt like a huge dead when my anxiety and cynicism have been getting in the way of moving forward. Things in your head can get kind of cloudy when that happens, you know? Trying to root myself in escapism as I tend to do, I decided to try and find a decent horror game on Steam for less than $10.. and then I stumbled across this. Finding a horror game with a suicidal protagonist isn't exactly a one-in-a-million chance but when I read the synopsis it immediately stood out to me, so I bought it.The beginning seemed pretty typical at first. Some supernatural stuff, a creepy old woman who may or may not be the Devil, a bit of subliminal messianic imagery. You know, Silent Hill kind of stuff. I thought it was interesting, but not spectacular.Then Chapter 2 happened.Without spoiling too much, I'll mention that a good half of Chapter 2 involves filling in (most of) the blanks about Susan Ashworth's past. Stuff like her relationship with her mother and father, how she starts her mornings, what she does when she needs comfort after a difficult day, etc. Thinking nothing of it, I decided to match the answers as closely as I could to my own personality. As I did, the game proceeded to slap me right across the face with relatable feelings and put my misery into perspective. It made me stop to consider what I thought about myself, and how I had ended up in such a sorry state.Pretty much every chapter of the game wound up being like this. I don't know if Remigiusz's intent was for people struggling with depression to see themselves in Susan, in fact I kind of doubt it after writing this out, but that's what happened to me. As her mood started improvingmymood started improving. The game never quite stops being morose, but at the end of it all I'd re-evaluated my own outlook on life and realized that hey, I should care about myself. Even the biggest tragedies are only temporary if you work towards that light at the end of the tunnel. I'm still not the most upbeat person in the world, but after playing this game I honestly do feel like there's a point to it all.I don't mean to come off as so dramatic, I justreallylike this game.TL;DR: Clogged a toilet and yelled at a nurse. Also that guy who made Salad Fingers is married to himself. ALSO giant zombie cat."
76561197960273775,Recommended,253110,14081889,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gonz,"If you are looking for a nice, fun experience, do not buy this game. If you want your heart torn out and put in a blender, get this game now. I do not know of any other game that will bring you face to face with the raw, crude, fallen reality that exists in the dark places of this world and dark places of our corrupted hearts. Madness. Horror. Tears. Pain. Death. God have mercy on us.No other medium was fit for this story to be experienced. A true achievement! A work of art! Unforgetable, unique experience. Story/Character driven. Great blend of adventure, mystery/suspense, phychological and real horror, puzzles. Great soundtrack and visuals/atmosphere.""This is the judgment, that the Light has come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil... Then Jesus again spoke to them, saying, “I am the Light of the world; he who follows Me will not walk in the darkness, but will have the Light of life.” "" - John 3:19; 8:12"
,Recommended,253110,17174754,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Zenith [trala],"Interesting story. I felt connected to the characters and experienced a twinge of guilt whenever something unpleasant happened to them - which was quite often.There were some awkward stalls during some cut-scenes. Also, some random gameplay aspects thrown in just for kicks, though they do relate to the story and, for some players, may add more to the 'immersive' experience.The art is a perfect fit for the game, and the music, though sometimes very unsubtle, add a splash of intrigue, especially at the end of chapters or during emotional sequences.In all, if you are like me and enjoy the horror genre, but are too chicken to play the jump-scare games, this is a great option for you."
76561198076365408,Recommended,253110,14059618,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,zekitbot,"Consistently creepy, great at creating dread and suspense, like playing an interactive horror/drama film.They had me at queen of maggots, and won me over with gas masks and cancer."
,Recommended,253110,10368320,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tzevash,"The Cat Lady, also known as: ""You don't have to buy AAA titles to feel real emotions"". Retro graphic and gameplay straight from late '90s adventure games, wonderful dub with an adorable English accent and different endings. This title is a little gem."
,Recommended,253110,15880283,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Neffie,"Love this game whole-heartedly. Great story, great characters,and  amazingly eerie graphics. Edgar Allen Poe works are what I would compare this game with. It really reminds me ,as well ,of a version of ""The Crow."" I highly recommend."
76561198067180939,Recommended,253110,15977469,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,0ns1aught,"Update from previous --- initial thoughts at bottomI am really enjoying the game now. It seems to still lack some polish and there are certain bugs that keep it from seeming amateur (like unsteady/annoying voices, bugs, weird 'lazy' recycled animations), but the story is very unique, risque and enjoyable. I'm going to continue playing and will post with final thoughts.-----------------Previous impressions.So far here is my opinion of 'The Cat Lady',it feels very incomplete and in many cases broken. Its hard for me to get into the story with the many technical difficulties surrounding the game, and I even disagree with the art style as it seems lazy since everything is prerendered including facial movements and actions. This is a 2d side scrolling action adventure game where you use the keyboard arrows to cycle through available options and actions. The reviews seem promising for the game, but so far I'm not seeing it.I'm going to continue playing the game and will change my opinion (and vote) when the game actually gets better."
76561198163618057,Recommended,253110,15867304,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,LucyInTheSky,I was intrigued by this game def going to play it more than one time through. This is what Depression Quest wished it was. 10/10 I love everything about this its got the right blend of story which combines Clark Ashton Smith with the afterrnath of chronic depression
76561198087888545,Recommended,253110,14299725,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Claymore,"This is a great game, dark with some heavy themes, but well executed and even funny at times. While the amount of blood might be upsetting and down right morbid, it adds to the game's dark atmosphere. The story is depressing but there's light at the end of the tunnel, you just need to find it.The things I liked most about this game are the story and the characters. The story is original and the characters have personality. Susan does not follow some stereotype but is her own person. Neither does Mitzi or any of the other characters now that I think about it. The creators were not afraid to use heavy subjects in the plot. They did so without making the game into a soap or a horror/slasher.I wouldn't go as far as saying I disliked anything because if I did I wouldn't have bought the game (I'm a bit picky). Though the visuals are not of the highest quality, they're simple but serve to add to the overall mood of the game.My final rating is 8.5/10 for the visuals aren't high quality and the game isn't very long but it more than makes up for these things with its brilliant story and awesome characters. I would most certainly recommend it to other players but not to the faint of heart."
,Recommended,253110,31063504,Posted: 10 April,all,Dr. Murdoch,"I love this game so much.The story is really deep, and depressing, but there is always some brigth light in the end of the tunnel.The art is really good, my only problem was that you can't change the resolution of the game, and after some time it can make your eyes hurt.The sounds, the music is spot on, some of the voice acting is not that great, but somehow for me, that was a plus, and it helped me get into the game even more.The whole game is not meant to be ""fun"", but to be entertaining. And it is entertaining!9/10"
76561198011247880,Recommended,253110,14954765,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Syntic,"Loved the game. The dialogue can be a bit overwhelming, since they talk so much (you can skip dialogue by spamming the spacebar), but the plot itself definitely makes up for it. Do keep in mind that the events and the plot are ""over the top,"" and you basically have to suspend your disbelief, and yet these qualities are also what makes this game so good: it's sick and twisted.Graphically, the game's art style is perfect for that lovely touch of creepiness. The monochromatic theme of this game is well done, and the added splashes of color for what the developer wants you to focus on definitely helps the atmosphere.Overall, I definitely recommend this game to people who find interest in the macabre sort of horror."
76561198070328469,Recommended,253110,12870755,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ChupacAbra,"I bought this game because cats...and got so much more. This story is creepy, immersive, and riveting at all times."
76561198172399105,Recommended,253110,14314367,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,silverfangbang,10/10 would play again. I love this game.
,Recommended,253110,15497578,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,CodenameDutchess,"Picked up this game on sale as I was looking for something to burn a few hours on. I burned a total of nine hours and finished the game in one sitting. XDAmazing voice acting and imagery. I wasn't expecting that much but man this game delivers. Plenty of spooky atmosphere in several situations that will make you squirm in your seat. Unlike other 'horror' games I've come across on steam this isn't packed full of jump scares. There's just a really spooky atmosphere with this game and the situations Susan finds herself in. Plus an engrossing story.There's a few parts that were a bit silly to me, but those are so minor they can be overlooked. This game obviously had a lot of effort put into it. Amazing work. I even think this has some replay value just to see some other endings and possibilities."
76561198109720692,Recommended,253110,15311821,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,gekukas,"My first review ever. Anyway, I am stunned. What a game! Really, you have to play to understand. This is... something else! I have played only for 5 hours and already I can say that this is one of my favorite games ever. If you like horror stories and things that ♥♥♥♥ your mind, then this game is for you!"
76561198088424213,Recommended,253110,13001060,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SeeTheFall4,I love this game. It will be me in a few years.
,Recommended,253110,15482673,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ramona Flowers,They've managed to capture the atmosphere well in this one (which probably isn't a good thing for the player since the game's mainly about suicide and death but still)
,Recommended,253110,12848209,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,tyrus,"Overall: Recommend if you like to be immersed in good storytelling.+story+voice acting+atmosphere* These three pluses are what make the game worth it.  The story is engaging and unfolds at a perfect pace.  Every piece of dialogue (and there is a lot of it) is voiced [0] and the actors give strong performances without being over the top.  All of this is tied together with a really dark atmosphere.  Every asset in this game has a detailed grittiness that sets the bleak tone.~puzzles* Not much variety.  There were two times that I got stuck because I failed to explore a particular corner of the area.  If you get frustrated, just look up a guide so that you can keep going and not this sour your playthrough.~audio quality* Most of the sound is good enough, but some of the voiceovers are staticy.-replayability* The choices you make in this game do matter and there are a few of them.  However, the gameplay just is not engaging enough to warrant another playthrough.  I played once and looked up the other story variations online.[0] - There was exactly one sentence that was not voiced.  I have a feeling that this was just a glitch."
76561198174262854,Recommended,253110,16572561,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,xxxBlonde_Bitchxxx,11/10 would get bleach spilt on my face again
,Recommended,253110,16457505,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Luci the spooki,"If you're into horror games, then this little gem is a must have.It relies on atmosphere to unsettle and unnerve the player, and that in my personal opinion is far better than any number of cheap jumpscares. It's just enough to make you quiver in fear that something is going to happen, while at the same time staying tame enough for those who might be less well suited for horror games.This game also makes you think, and toys with your emotions. The entire game, right from the get go, focuses heavily on the concepts of suicide, life and death, and their moral and emotional implications. It tells a wonderful story, though admittedly the voice acting does leave a little bit to be desired (with a handful of the soundclips being downright grating to the ears.) However, the entire game is also captioned as well, so this is easily forgivable, at least for me.The puzzles are entertaining and challenging enough to keep you occupied and hold your attention, while staying simple enough where you're very rarely stuck trying to figure out what to do or having to do the infamous adventure game tactic of ""Use everything with everything"". I myself only got stuck once or twice, and I can admittedly get pretty bad at puzzle games.The fact that I'm even writing this review at ALL is a statement to this game's merits. I very rarely review games, let alone in such great lengths as this, unless I TRULY feel they are worth it. This game, my friend, is DEFINITELY worth it, especially so at such a cheap price."
76561198004811351,Recommended,253110,17093945,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Phenomenal.  Mature, modern, original, this is a work of art.  And it's not pretentious, pandering ""art"", either; it's an entertaining game with an appealing, paper cutout aesthetic and a great eclectic soundtrack.  It's (depressingly) worth noting that this is, in fact, A GAME.  I was weary The Cat Lady would be a walking simulator/barely interactive screensaver with it's head up it's own♥♥♥♥♥just judging by screenshots and current trends, but no... it can best be described as a 2-D Silent Hill mashed up with a Telltale game with heavier adventure game elements.  Yes, it is story heavy and can be a slow burn, but the excellent exposition always has a suitable payoff.  You are given choices that affect the story and ending, but I was more than happy with the ending I recieved and wouldn't want to ruin it by cheating it and going back to see what the alternatives would have produced.  The only minor sorespots I have are some longish stretches of the game where you aren't allowed to pause/save (and you won't want to skip any story, so you're kind of locked in) and one major character's dialouge, Mitzi, sounds extremely tinny.  Again, these are minor complaints in a truly fantastic game.  If you want some surreal psychological horror with depressing (though quite often humorous) social commentary on the isolated modern world, you have to play this."
76561198314909236,Recommended,253110,26236310,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cheeseshover,"Love this game and recommend it to anyone who likes story-based and psychological horror, but I've encountered an issue during chapter 4 where the game black screens after Susan is given the key. Is there a way I can fix this?"
,Recommended,253110,26443904,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,pyschoticbiotic,"Going into this game I wasn't expecting much, or even to enjoy itBut this game continued to defy my expectation at every turn. It is dirt cheap, but yet the quality is simply astounding. Eerie, inventive and interesting, it is a refreshing change from allthe other key-fetch and hide and seek style horror games. I highly recommend this to anyone because it is so sorely overlooked its tragic.This game definitely deserves more love and attention because there are horror games out there half as good as this one that cost double as much and attract way more fans. So please do yourself and the devs a favour and pick thsi up, because I would love to see more horror games like this."
,Recommended,253110,23334795,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,THE MAN OF KEK,"Is there a Secret ending,there i can kill Rita tickle?\""...Well, you\'re just thick.\"""
76561198070114036,Recommended,253110,24899376,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Souhait,"Just finished this game. It was a wonderful, touching, and very interesting game. I really enjoyed this. Great game. I highly suggest it."
,Recommended,253110,14584469,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,mrrob8998,holy sh** !! this game is really 'fun' ! I would highly recommend this if you like horror movies and games like Silent Hill !! two thumbs up !! well done !!Track Inside by Warmer from Cat Lady Soundtrack:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwxk-pdFxoI&index=6&list=PLZf6OTEQQmuX7dc-9Pw0Up5h05a7kBHGC
,Recommended,253110,16679501,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Countess,It's the best horror adventure I've ever played. Amazing voice-acting and story-line!Really good game.
76561198018958432,Recommended,253110,16845515,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Prema,"Puzzles, adventure, horrors, story, thrillers. An emotional rollercaoster that's sure to strike your heart. Wonderful Game."
76561198107320880,Recommended,253110,23872280,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SaraSlayer,"Beautiful, unique, thought-provoking, intense, unsettling, amazing game. I will never forget it."
76561198211924961,Recommended,253110,33208272,Posted: 3 July,all,fredofranc,This game was very interesting! I enjoyed every moment of it and it really gets you off guard. I would gladly recommend this game to any friends or family.
76561198047208815,Recommended,253110,33323744,Posted: 6 July,all,Zirouz,"This game was more giving than i had anticipated, and really relatable if you have or are experiencining with depression yourself, it might look cheap at first glance but it's story is interesting and the puzzles are enough to keep you entertained. It can be a bit creepy though but that can also be a plus. Also it has an amazing soundtrack! I strongly recommend it, especially for it's price!"
,Recommended,253110,14908143,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,skynet,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. If you are an adventure, point and click, or horror fan this game should be on your must-play list. The emotional power is incredible, the dialogue is witty, and it tackles modern societal issues and stigmas with taste, depth, and humor.All that being said, this game is not for the faint of heart. If you can handle it, you're in for a wild ride."
,Recommended,253110,16336929,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JackBennett,"despite having 0.4hrs on record ive played through it several times before, this is one of my favorite games out there , a real gem.an amazing game you need to play if you havn't already !"
76561198273677721,Recommended,253110,24692832,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Grumpy,"It's so much fun. It's so deep, dark, and horrifying. It is now considered my favorite game of all time; it's right above Fallout."
76561198140442560,Recommended,253110,16832444,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,IAmThePonch,"Strong writing and an interesting, somber atmosphere make this worth it for adventure game fans. None of the puzzles are too tough, but that makes it easier to enjoy this dark and bleak story of a woman overcoming her depression."
76561197987727528,Recommended,253110,12805825,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lev Mechlis,"Fascinating and thrilling, yet very touching."
76561198058017864,Recommended,253110,12895867,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,küi,masterpiece.
76561197994577663,Recommended,253110,32857866,Posted: 27 June,all,Trianqboi,SIk game x
,Recommended,253110,13924376,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Smoki,"Definitley a game worth your time. Get it cheap if you can though, 10 bucks might be a bit much..."
,Recommended,253110,28626665,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,djayard,"The game has some gruesome imagery, but the soundtrack, writiing, and voice acting are pretty damn good. The gameplay is strictly Adventure; there's only puzzle sequences and no action sequences.My first playthrough took 7 hours, and I actively aimed to the happiest ending possible.If you're sensitive to violent imagery, this game would not be right for you, but if you appreciate mostly sad stories with redeeming happy endings, this game is great."
,Recommended,253110,35409631,Posted: 2 October,all,Amellion,"A beautiful psychological horror game with amazing story on exploring human themes such as depression, terminal illness, madness, sucide. Definitely one of the best story game i've ever played especially for someone like me who is suffering from anxiety and god knows what else, this is just perfect. I am so madly in love with this story and every single thing about this game. It is a must pick up."
76561198405422210,Recommended,253110,35309562,Posted: 29 September,all,Ashleikka,"The Cat Lady is a hauntingly beautiful and deeply chilling game. This is not just because of the gruesome artwork and puzzles, but it is more because of the story's moving depiction of depression, suicide, and death. The game handles these issues exceptionally well, making the characters and story heartful, human, as well as horrific.The only issues I encountered were that the arrow key controls can be slightly annoying. There also seems to be a limited amount of saves possible (about 50) which is not made apparent. Despite these minor issues, the game is executed well and leaves a lasting impact on the player."
76561198058479900,Recommended,253110,11901950,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sethcanes,"Atmospheric, unique and compelling."
,Recommended,253110,12960100,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JanStonlTheMystic,I love it.
76561198309520698,Recommended,253110,32751199,Posted: 24 June,all,Zarya <3,"K so before I do the review, when you buy this (and you should)go to your games menu and right click The Cat LadyClick SetupGo to Advanced >>> on bottom right cornerSet Memory to 100MBNow the reason you need to do that is because when you get to Chapter 4, you will have to deal with some fog and for whatever reason this causes most peoples systems to lag and crash.Now onto the game. Bloody hell do I like this a lot. The graphics are kind of pixely and ugly and that's what makes them beautiful. I love the atmosphere, the audio, the voice acting. It took me a second to really immerse into this but I'm glag I did. It is dark, it is unpleasant and there are parts that do somewhat stress you out, make you panic. It does not rely on jump scares or needless shock factors but rather it's ability to make you feel ....odd.I play this as ME and not what I think the character should be. What I mean is, I answer in ways that would represent myself and deal with the consequences as they happen.The Misery sequence in the apartment was the best 30 second sequence in any video game ever.10/10 would be a suicidal depressed Cat Lady again"
76561198120327531,Recommended,253110,33147307,Posted: 2 July,all,A_Silleh_Tuhtle,It's Brilliant.  Buy it right now.  You'll be happy you did.It's Spoopy.  It's UI is better than any other 'point and click' style games.  It's story is well written and awesome.  Good Voice Actors.  Cool Art Style.One of my favorite games on Steam.
,Recommended,253110,14136869,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tandoku,The Cat Lady was a very deep game. I liked the plot a lot and I was quite happy with the ending. The graphics were also very unique.7.5/10
,Recommended,253110,11209549,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Lazowi puta,you're wasting your life if you don't play this
,Recommended,253110,9504080,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,GayGamerGeek,Absolutely Terrifying! A Psychological Horror Game at it's finest! 9/10
76561198115605600,Recommended,253110,9643729,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Annyia Glyphan,"This game is horrifying, demented, and downright insane. That is what makes it so addicting!! PLAY THIS. NOW. :D"
,Recommended,253110,8983647,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hood,"Good game, ya get to kill some people."
,Recommended,253110,9558872,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Princess,"Personally, I love this game heavily. Although the game can be triggering, it has a nice story and I love how Mitzie and Susan work together. Also, the soundtrack is just super awesome."
76561198141541241,Recommended,253110,10992972,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,meandmym80,"I am so happy I took a chance on this game. The trailer really sold me and I was not in the least disappointed. The story is artful and dark, with bouts of heavy gore, prepare yourself for that; sometimes SO dark I had to push away for a little break during play. I pretty much played on and off for hours on end, the game does not bore. The only real labor, I suppose, was the pacing...characters walk slow, react slow, and  there are many cut scenes, etc. You get used to it, I felt like it immersed me more in the world-forced me to slow down and take notice, pay attention to the story. I wasn't expecting that. To get so involved. There is a definite chance you will get caught up and not be able to stop til you reach the end. And the end, she was a beauty.Replay value may be somewhat low, at least for me. Due to the depth of story, I don't think I can just pick it up and put it down whenever...its not say a mindless, good times kinda game. Missing achievements may warrant play from saved sections of the game, but chance of full play through (at least more than twice-for varying endings) may be slim. Proud to have played and experienced it, recommend it highly. Also, the soundtrack is badass."
,Recommended,253110,7994823,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,PinkFae,"As it states on the Steam store page for this game, The Cat Lady has won a number of awards, and rightfully so. The story is very well written and the music is very emotional. You play Suan Ashworth, a 40-year old suffering from depression that commited suicide. She is not given her wish to die and is brought back to life in order to save five strangers. You have to go around looking for objects that you can use to complete tasks to open up the story line. The graphics are very gothic looking which actually put me off at first, but it does add to the overall feel of the game. I highly recommend this game for anyone that loves a good story line and loves games with puzzles."
,Recommended,253110,7958177,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Unperfect One,"The Cat Lady is one of the few games I would actually consider to be a work of art.As you've probably seen, The Cat Lady is a side-scrolling horror game that follows a lonely 40 year-old woman named Susan Ashworth who decides to commit suicide. The game has a mature and well-written story with a genuinely likeable (and in some cases despicable) cast of characters, and the majority of the voice acting is excellent. The Cat Lady also features an unusual and refreshing visual style which uses a sparse colour palette and even though it sometimes doesn't look very nice I believe this is intentional choice by the artist. The game also has an excellent soundtrack that perfect compliments they different areas of the game.The game, however, is not perfect. For some reason every save creates a new save slot, preventing one playthrough from using just one save slot. The game also lags slightly and occasionally crashes, although this may just be because my computer isn't very very strong. There are a few minor typos throughout, but nothing that detracts from the experience.Overall, I would recommend The Cat Lady for anyone look for a good story or horror experience in a game, or who just wants to try something different."
,Recommended,253110,8587940,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DrFeast,Great story with some memorable characters and good dialog (for the most part). You can get around 5-10 hours out of the game depending on how good you are at puzzles and if you care to see the different multiple endings. Well worth the current price ($10).
76561198100486382,Recommended,253110,8718232,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ak_greyfox,"I thought the game was brilliant. Every scene I wanted to explored further and further and I was actually quite upset when the game ended. A first look at the game and I somewhat rolled my eyes, but minutes after playing the game I was proven wrong. The art, the dialect, the intrigue - very well done.I'm currently voting for Downfall - You guys rock!"
76561198008859113,Recommended,253110,8756327,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Em0 Par+y,"A really rough around the edges title that has a way cool vibe. Despite the raw graphics, it definitely does evoke emotions in the player and is an engaging experience. Very cool soundtrack and voice acting."
76561198065746182,Recommended,253110,7980805,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Many Rooks,"One of the most engaging and powerful narratives I've had the joy to experience in a video game. Deliciously twisted and clever, I had trouble putting this game down and the memory of it still lingers. It's an experience I would highly recommend for anyone with an appreciation for the profound, surreal, shocking, or morbid. The latter part of the game wasn't as strong as I would have liked, but the beginning is powerful enough to make finishing it more than worthwhile."
,Recommended,253110,8385961,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ReleaseTheKraken.exe,"Oh where to begin. Most people had heard about this game once big youtubers played it and with the sudden interest, it gained enough attention to get greenlit on steam. One thing that bothered me watching them play is that I feel they didn't take the game seriously.The Cat Lady is about Susan Ashworth, a woman suffering from depression who has decided to commit suicide. Susan is given a second chance (and immortality at that) to find a reason to live, but along the way she will meet ""parasites"", people who pretty much make you lose faith in humanity and are the most disgusting individuals. It is Susan's job to eliminate those parasites.The game is made by a developer known for dark and twisted games. That style fits perfectly here. A word of caution if you did not look at the rating, there are very mature themes and sensetive material which may trigger some people. Please keep that in mind before purchasing. At times it can be hard.The gameplay is basic like a lot of adventure games for the pc along with puzzles.Now as for the story, it really hit home for me. As one who has struggled with depression and suicide before, I really synced with Susan and was absorbed with her tale. I wanted the best for her and I shared in her hatred of the parasites. I didn't want to stop playing until the very end. The game takes maybe 5-7 hours to finish, but keep in mind there are multiple endings and multiple choises for most situations. I have replayed several times.I have recommended this game before to friends who didn't understand depression and how it affects someone to give them an idea. You see the suffering, the negativity, the toll it takes on someone and how it can affect their life. It can be an eye opening experience.And I must say at the end at the final screen, I cried. I will not spoil it, but it really resonates and the end made the entire experience worth it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,253110,8296726,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Miebk,"Fantastic game, amazing and unique story. Simple play style, very text based, yet very entertaining. Interesting characters and creepypasta visualization. Do recommend!11/10."
76561198058916625,Recommended,253110,8739695,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,RQS,"The Cat Lady is one of the most sensational games i've ever played. The Story, Characters, Music. And even the art style is beyond that of most games today. For a game that was cheaper to make compared to something like Beyond: two souls (which can't be compared fully) The Cat Lady is a becon of hope that games can be 2d and have an extreame amount of deep story and characters. Not to mention humor.I would recommend this to anyone who is into such deep storylines and has a love for loveable characters, because you won't be disappointed.It has a few scares along the way but if you can brave through them. The experience its self is breath taking. It yields such a great feeling of accomplishment when a puzzle is completed and progress to the main story.  I personaly did not think i would grow to love it as i do now. But you have to play it or watch it on youtube to fully grasp how great it is. However i do believe playing it is just as good as watching it.And those who continue to play through it will be rewarded by a special secret morle of the story which i think everyone on the internet can honestly relate to :) i won't spoil that but its worth the play to hear it :).So i will end my review saying i would give the cat lady 10/10There has been noting i have liked more then this for such a long time, its weird, warming, creepy and even disturbing. But some how its extreamely loveable. The music is amazing. The entire experience is incredible and unique.And The Cat Lady, has changed the steryotype of any cat lady in my opinion :) i will never look at any ""Crazy cat ladies"" the same way. Because i will alwasy think of that special Susan Ashworth when ever the name is raised :)And a big thank you to the Devs for making this game. It deserves to be on steam and more."
,Recommended,253110,8591833,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Damoiselle Shi,This is one of my favourite games. Whilst it's definitely not for the faint of heart (there's definitely more horror than the genre lets on) it's certainly worth a play through. What starts off as an adventure of sorts slowly becomes a some-what enlightening experience. The music is absolutely gorgeous too and I'd highly recommend sourcing out the artists in the soundtrack because it's very addictive.10/10 - and I can't wait to see what they bring out next!
,Recommended,253110,8745942,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Eerie,"This game totally took my breath away. It really made me realize how much life is so important no matter what situation your in no matter how bad it gets you can always get up and move on. Sounds cheesy but this game really gives an excelent moral to it. I really enjoyed this game,probably the best game I have ever played, the stories that were told by Susan really made me tear up a bit. I would play this game again for sure. ;)"
,Recommended,253110,7960447,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Akira Otoishi,"The Cat Lady is an amazing game with very few faults. Though the art style seemed a bit odd at first, I came to love the animation and blurriness which really gave the player of being in Susan's shoes. It is an unsettling game full of imagery and puzzles and even a  couple of small jump scares. Amazing character development and interactions.The only compaint would be how much the game seems to crash. My computor is an impressive one, yet the game still crashes and announces that it is ""out of memory"" which my computor is not. And with such long, unskippable dialouges, replaying LARGE portions of the game without the ability to save at points is difficult when the game crashes.But that point still does not detract with a game that should make horror history."
,Recommended,253110,8382944,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,llazy_llama,"Ever played Silent Hill 1/2? Ever played Fatal Frame? SCP-087? Spec Ops: The Line?These are horror games in the proper sense of the word. With the exception of Spec Ops, these are games that pit YOU, the unarmed, unequipped player against the antagonist. And in these cases, the antagonist is a fragmet of your psyche. All the machine guns in the world won't equip you for that (which is why Spec Ops is forgiven.)How about Dark Seed? I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream?These are ""adventure,"" games that pit you against an unknowable and all-powerful force. This is horror, in the classic sense. You can not win. There is no victory to be attained here, the force that is against you is God-like in power. What chance is there that you could hope to win? None. Just remember that when you die, to aim your corpse in some meaningful manner.Then there is The Cat Lady...Then there is The Cat Lady...You want horror? You want dark? You want real? You want a metaphysical hand to tear through your computer screen and pull your heart from your chest? It's $10. I clicked the ""YES"" button for my recommendation, but take that as you will. The writers of this game know fear, hate, loss, pain, addiction, suffering, suicide, alchoholism, schizophrenia, PTSD, physical and psychological abuse, and they do not dare treat these subjects with kid gloves. They dive right in.You will not feel good during or after playing this game. You will feel bad. You will hurt, or you are a sociopath.Find me a place I can spend $10 and feel more emotion than here, and I'll give you a ♥♥♥♥ing medal. This is Video Games as Art. As a gamer, this is our Van Gough, our Kurt Cobain, our Sylvia Plath."
76561198021057760,Recommended,253110,7992702,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,beastking,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75pj1bcEDmQI only just finished this game, and I have to say that the story telling, characters, setting and imigary in this game are exceptional, not only does it succeed well as an indie horror game but also as a bit of social statement as well (without giving too much away.) If David Lynch or Stanley Kubrick ever had a chance to go from arthouse movies into horror/thriller games, this would be the result. I'm really hoping this game will stand the test of time, because even though the interface is pretty basic (same principle as a point and click adventure,) again, the imigary, story and mood I believe are ahead of their time and if you play for the story in a game, you're DEFINITELY going to want to add this game to your list. You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,253110,8586243,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dormida,It's got a pretty disturbing atmosphere from the very beginning and keeps you on an eerie point. Having some issues here and there with achievements and save nitbits but overall seems really good judging from as far as I'm going.
,Recommended,253110,28001748,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moho,This game isn't about graphics nor controls. It's about living the story. It hasRita Tickletoo! <310/10 Will tell myneighborto♥♥♥♥ himselfagain!
,Recommended,253110,7965148,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Tyrant of Troy,"Wow! Great mood. Very unique and really cool. Definitely worth a look if you have any interest in Adventure Games, even though it is quite linear so far."
,Recommended,253110,7931319,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,flower farter 69,"Good game, Buggy tho.There are no auto saves so when the game crashes you have to go back to where you last hard saved. If you can get over that slight inconveinoence then I think you'll really enjoy it.Best bet is wait for this to go on sale."
76561198079530646,Recommended,253110,19319164,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bou,"If you are looking for a story based game WITHOUT lots of puzzles, gameplay, reading and overgrowing inventories then buy this game. The story is original and interesting from beginning till end.  Here are some elements that are emphasized in the story: Depression, Suicide, serial killers, murder, relationships, lonelyness and cats. It contains horror elements as well as some WTF moments. This game is overlooked and definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,253110,12810905,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mz Cookies,"The Cat Lady is a disturbing masterpiece with an immersive story. From the screenshots alone, the graphics didn't look promising to me, but I gave it a go and so should others contemplating about this game.It is difficult to capture the essence of this game through a mere description and thus I highly urge horror fans, in particular psychological horror fans to try it out!Pros- Unique protagonist- Atmospheric- Highly disturbing / mature scenes (horror)- Wide range of dialogue- Logical puzzles- Twists and turns within the story, non linear- The sound complimented the game, whether it be a calm setting or an urgent situation. Sound was used effectively to accomodate both scenariosCons- At times, dialogue choices can't be read as it cuts off- Characters repeated the same sentences sometimes"
76561198065106229,Recommended,253110,14496939,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chloroform,I love this game very much! I recommend it to everyone who's ever thought of death and suicide .
76561198015052897,Recommended,253110,12635511,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Maliceff,Absolutely loved this game! I have never encountered a game as dark and as interesting as The Cat Lady... a must play!
,Recommended,253110,9265730,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,acceptingkitty,"This game is the best game I've tried out on Steam so far. The basics are that its an interactive walking simulator, but lots of action too. One of a kind indie gem. It's dark, not what you expect, and fairly simple for any beginners, but definitely has an interesting enough plot to keep anyone who isnt a beginner still playing. Would definitely buy for a friend."
,Recommended,253110,8979647,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,▼,"T H E     C A T     L A D Y.   .   .   Suicide is not the end.Imagine your life in it's darkest moments, trapped in a bleak, meaningless circle of dead ends and false hope. You wake up every day, only to realize it will be the same as yesterday. Only to realize that the life you have been living for the last ten years means nothing anymore. You have no friends, you have nothing to motivate you, and you have no one to care about you. Happiness now seems like a dark puddle you sometimes see your face in on a rainy day, stripped of any emotion.You think to yourself:This is it. I am not worth anything to this world. Thanks for nothing. Goodbye.So, that evening, as you prepare for your last night on this planet, you reflect on your past - who you've hurt, what you regret, the mistakes you made and wanted to change. You come to the conclusion that the world is not meant for you. You are not meant for it. Dying is now your only friend. It tempts you, haunts you, sings to you. You give in once you see the sleeping pills. All thirty four of them. Swallowed. In moments you can no longer see the dim lights of your apartment. You fade, in a blur, out of reality. A moment later, you vanish. You have killed yourself. No one will miss you. No one will care.... . .But. What if you were offered a second chance? A chance, not to exact revenge on the people you hate most, but to change your very life and it's purpose. What if someone offered you the keys to fulfill what's been missing in your life. To truly find the happiness you once held, long ago, in those brighter, long forgotten days.What if your most darkest, ugliest hatred gave you immortality? In exchange for death?You think this over. Question the morality of the offer. What have you got to live for anyway? Why would this... ""person"", so to speak, even give this type of chance to someone as pathetic as you? As worthless and miserable and unforgiving as you? After all, YOU were the one who took those pills to end the torment and suffering, to be free of the hostile pain that has swelled inside you for so long. Why even bother? Considering the fact that you are already dead, and that you probably won't be given another chance like this, you don't have a choice. Immortality does have it's price. But that's not why you accept. You hunger to kill these five people, to end their reign of terror upon the mortal realm, to make them pay for the horror they have caused others... People like you.You accept this strange woman's offer, doubting everything she even says, but somehow knowing that killing those five people will somehow solve everything that has plagued your life. You feel eagerness tingling inside you for the first time in years - a yearning to actually do something good, something that will help the world and regain your sense of purpose. You feel reborn again. Finally, you have a purpose. A reason to continue living. A call to action.Now it is time to find those five people. To confront them for who they really are. You are to become. . .T H E     C A T     L A D Y"
76561198024883569,Recommended,253110,9657244,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,BamboozledBumblebee,"""The Cat Lady"" is an independently made point and click game. Yet, that is not all it is. It is a game that explores death, monsters and ultimately life itself. There are no demons or ghosts in this game; and it tries to tell its player exactly that: there are no supernatural monsters. The only monsters are us. As Susan goes through each challenge, we discover with her just what we would do to stay alive. She regains her humanity bit by bit and her journey, despite her state at the beginning, is one of life. Susan and the player learn about life and just how precious it really is.It also helps that the concept was probably the best in game storyline in years. I could not help but wish I had come up with it first. Bravo.Buy this game. You will not be disappointed."
76561198043197391,Recommended,253110,9176800,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,CountDrac2501,For $9.99 I gotta say that this is a must play. The characters are really well written and the story is dark and interesting. The artstyle is really cool and the music fits really well. Susan is one of those characters that you care for and the story throws in some interesting puzzles. Overall I have to say that if you want to play a game that's dark moody and really well writen then this is probably the best $10 you can spend. Enjoy your venture into the dark depts of Susan's life as The Cat Lady.
76561198031034797,Recommended,253110,9657600,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Hel-Yin,"Fantastic game.   If you are looking for a dark game with mature themes and compelling story then look no further.    Don't let the graphics dissuade you from picking up this game as they add well to the dark mood of the game.   The game is not for everyone though as there strong focus on dialogue and plot building.   There are multiple scenes which are pure dialogue so those who prefer heavy action/puzzle-solving may not enjoy this.   All in all, I would say that this is one of those games that could be described as art."
,Recommended,253110,8021075,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,lb-Cyber,"Technically, The Cat Lady is a deeply-flawed indie game.  The engine is absurdly antiquated, clunky and unstable. The sound mixing is at times amateurish.  It's a point-and-click adventure without the point and clicking, as all interactions are done using the keyboard's arrow keys and space bar.  The game also runs at 800x600.Creatively, though—artistically—The Cat Lady is wonderful.  Well, wonderful may be the wrong word.  This is grindhouse horror.  Bloody imagery, rusted machinery and deprecated rooms accompany its muted tones and grim environment.  Nothing's 'wonderful' in Susan Ashworth's world, a fact that leads the protagonist to her suicide attempt in the game's introduction.No, the Cat Lady isn't wonderful, per se.  It's captivating, provocative and memorable.  It's also dark, unrelenting and austere.  That's usually how it is for sufferers of depression.  That's how it is for Susan.  But as she drifts throughout her despair, the story provides her with the ability to put matters into her own hands—whether she likes it or not.The Cat Lady is a worthwhile, fantastic experience if story-driven horror/adventure calls out to you.  Though its design is decidedly rough around the edges, its vision and its story do make up for it.  Those rough edges are nevertheless a shame, as they diminish what I feel could have otherwise been a masterpiece of its genre."
,Recommended,253110,12419283,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bubbles,IT IS THE BEST GAME ANYONE COULD EVER PLAY.
76561198072233857,Recommended,253110,28401673,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,yuyufuju,Dream-like game with horror and soul. Engulfing.
,Recommended,253110,28457230,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dantedanny1985,If you like point and click and enjoy a good horror. Get this game brilliantly original and creepy as hell. Disturbing to a degree most games are to afraid to go.
76561198040958384,Not Recommended,253110,24445364,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PandaGarra,"I really, really wanted to like this game. I loved the art style in the trailer, I love the idea of games that discuss mental illness in a non-glorified way. I love shorter, story-based, choice-based games. But after finishing this game, I was left wanting so much more.This is a puzzle game, but several of the puzzles just don't make sense. Certain objects just don't logically fit together, and yet you have to assume that they do in order to progress. Several cut scenes reference Downfall, but having never played it, I had no idea what their significance was. My biggest complaint is that there aren't enough opportunities for actual gameplay. Many points in the game would have been really interesting, challenging puzzles, but instead were turned into cutscenes. I was pretty disappointed, especially given that the game is supposed to be a horror genre.The voice acting is pretty terrible, and the audio quality shifts from character to character. It's very inconsistent, as is the writing.I genuinely believe that this game could have been so much better if it were about 6 hours longer, giving more time for character development and for each chapter to include more actual gameplay. Overall, a decent game for the price, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it."
,Recommended,253110,7962737,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Alexander,"I am pleased to report that the fatal error that was occurring has been fixed! The developers solved the problem in just a few days, and for that I would like to thank them. You do not often see such diligent support from devs, but in this case they have done right by everyone, so that is awesome.So the cat lady is indeed an amazing game. It is a story driven 2D point and click style game. The puzzles I have encountered so far are not too difficult, and if you do happen to get stuck there are many resources online that you can get hints and tips from. So in that sense the game is not frustrating.The real emphasis of this title is on the story, and damn is it an interesting one. Let me say this, if you have ever experienced a deep depression you will almost instantaneously relate and connect to the games main character. It is clear the writer or writers of this game know what they are talking about. They have crafted a deep, dark, and in many ways outright creepy story. Hands down one of the best stories in gaming I have yet seen.I supported this title on green light and I am very happy to see it on Steam. If you grew up on point and click style adventure games, and you enjoy dark stories, then you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
,Recommended,253110,32028948,Posted: 28 May,all,Breygard,"Standing by the river, I smileWill I miss it all?yes"
76561197970403228,Not Recommended,253110,28350068,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,FreekyB,"If you just want to marinate in a thickly depressing story with an artsy vibe and shock factor, this is probably what you're looking for. But it's not much of a game. It's an interactive story with very light ""puzzles"" and the illusion of choice. And be prepared to wait through LOTS of angsty dialogue that you can't escape in the middle of. I like dark and thoughtful stories but not just for the sake of depressing you. This just wasn't that much fun to play."
,Recommended,253110,17230494,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MelBee42,"It's incredibly hard to do this game justice by trying to describe it in a review, but I will say this... this game is amazing. It's original, disturbing, full of sadness and at times, terrifying. I don't think I've ever played anything like it before and in terms of story and experience/emotional connection, it is one of the best I have ever played. And I've played a lot of games.The soundtrack is fantastic as well.It's definitely not for everyone though - some won't like the very dark subject matter or the violence. And the graphics are - well, sometimes they work perfectly to create an original, twisted atmosphere - but the animations are not great to say the least. The actual gameplay mechanics are extremely basic - it's kind of a 'point and click' game where you actually can't point and click (it's keyboard only - basically you just use the arrow keys and enter to move, select and interact). I've noticed a few reviews mentioning bugs and crashes but I have to say, I didn't encounter any. The puzzles are OK - definitely logical, and pretty simple (which I guess can be either a good or a bad thing depending on what you want from a game). The voice acting is somewhat hit and miss.Despite its shortcomings however, the story and characters absolutely carry it through. From the moment I started playing it grabbed my attention with its grim beginning (as it happens right at the very start of the game before you even do anything, I don't think it would be a spoiler to say that it starts with the main character's suicide note) and played, captivated, right through to the end without stopping, It's rare that a game compels me this much. It's rare that a game makes me feel in the way that this did. And I won't forget it.So much love has clearly gone into this game. Get it, and experience it.Edit: It's also a perfect pick for the 'I'm not crying, there's something in my eye' award!"
76561198005426490,Recommended,253110,9754557,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Resolver,"There were a lot of things to like about TCL.  The gameplay reminds me of classic pc adventure games - walk left and right, examine/take/combine things, solve simple puzzles, choose dialogue options.  They did a solid job of implementing these familiar elements.  It took around eight hours to complete, which felt just about right to me.  I will probably get one more playthrough down the road.The game brought a lot to the table in terms of an presenting an original story idea that worked well in a horror/adventure format.  I liked the pacing of things - sometimes scary, sometimes emotional and dialogue focused, sometimes brief exploration and puzzle solving.  The voice acting was above average and the music was fantastic and well-timed.TCL was a memorable experience.  If you think you would enjoy an emotional, gory, horror/adventure game then you probably won't find anything better, or anything quite like it."
,Recommended,253110,8978650,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Robotchicken,"Highly suggest people to get this game, amazing artwork and the rich storyline is disturbing yet deeply emotional at the same time.Overall 10/10 very good gameGive it a try you will be surprised!"
,Recommended,253110,9117616,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Doctor_Acula,Wonderful soundtrack.  Wonerderful graphics.  Wonderful story.  This game is worth every cent if you like old adventure games and/or Silent Hill.
,Recommended,253110,8978607,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Aloname,"Words can't express how much I love this game and how amazing it is. An amazing, deep and sad story told in the most unique, unusual and near perfect way. The things this game made me feel and experience can't be explained. It's a rainbow of feeling from melancholic, sad and poetic to silly, funny and up beat. One of the best stories and best way of telling one I have seen in a game.If you have 10$ to spare, just buy this amazing game - you won't regret it.This is still one of the best adventure games I've played. Kind of ruff around the edges but with a dark, melancholic theme to it, some incredible esthetics and a surreal horror story, it's hard not to recommend this gem!"
76561197982633783,Recommended,253110,9727682,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,zahnpastaschaf,One of the most astonishing and immersive point and click adventures i have ever playedits all there:decision makinggood fair puzzlesgreat storyfitting soundtrackand a very nice art styleall this makes this game one of the best point and clicks up therenot that kind of recent telltale games style point and click where you really dont have to do a thingthere is enough of everything and nothing seems overdone.played till chapter 5 on the first day i bought this ^^
76561198037859642,Recommended,253110,9745181,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,bladetheking,"This ""game"" like others in it's genres, isn't so much a game as a story. That being said this is one of the saddest/best told stories i have ever seen, if you at all are intrestested in games like broken age, I highly reccomend playing this game, one of my all time favorates."
76561198014515875,Recommended,253110,9734601,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,faulfleisch,Adorable cat-cuddling-simulator. Might be able to cure manic depression.
,Recommended,253110,9748136,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ðimensional,"Dark but beautiful and deep story, very enjoyable adventure game."
,Recommended,253110,10497741,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Stormfromtheheart,"So The Cat Lady... Going into this I didn't really know what to expect. The Indie/horror tags sort of... drew me in. I'm very interested in atmospheric games and independent developers tend to either hit the ball out of the park or make a jump scare induced piece of crap. This game was not only satisfying, but very deep and thought provoking at times which is something I don't often expect in games that aren't made by well-known people. The atmosphere is great, the art style is a nice change and it's so simple. The puzzles are odd at times but it's nothing that is impossible to solve. Just search everything twice and attempt an item on everything and you'll do just fine. My only critique would be that, for a game that seems to center around making your own choices (seen throughout the achievements and conflicts in game), your choices don't seem to have any real consequences or impact. Which is a real shame because it made the game seem a lot less like I had control and more like it was playing itself at times. I'd give it a 4/5 and do highly recommend it to those who like the... dark and grotesque side of humanity."
,Recommended,253110,10959576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jennaphyr,I LOVED this game. It is dark and gritty. It is satisfyingly sick! Music/soundtrack is awesome; the visual piece and visual art is outstanding. There is LOADS of game time and content/story! Be prepared to spend a little time playing the game. It felt like I was watching a movie and being able to participate in it at the same time. I highly recommend buying it. If you like point and click adventure style games and you like horror genre games you will adore this one. Sooo entertaining...liking cats doesn't hurt either! ;)
,Recommended,253110,9147573,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DJForgotten,"Wow… disturbing, intriguing, emotional… it’s all there. This had me coming back over and over again to get the full story. I actually went back through to get every achievement to see what I missed.Pros: Story story STORY, graphics and effects set the mood well, sound is good. So many disturbing momentsCons: Interface is clunky, saving/loading and choosing items should be smoother"
,Recommended,253110,9263986,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,pfournier33,"Wow. Excellent stuff. Proof that the best adventure games these days come from small Indie devs. It's more of a story driven adventure than one where you solve puzzles but it does it well.As someone who has had issues with depression it also hits a few nerves and was easy to empathize with.I highly recommend you play this, and I don't normally say that about adventure games these days."
,Recommended,253110,10619809,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,I've been traumatized O__O,"When I first played this game. My first impression was horrible.. it has that really gloomy dark air about it, the main character is not very attractive (both physically and mentally). Then there's this mysterious old lady called Queen of Maggots appearing out of nowhere and offered something too hard for reason to accept. There's not much you can do in game basically walking around and interact with objects and it really is creepy. I felt anxious, I didn't know what to expect.By the time I finished this game I find it simply beautiful. The beauty of this game is not explicit; it lies within! Despite having flaws here and there (I had problem launching it and there's the maximum save file issue) I really liked it. The story is rather immersive and interesting, good character definition and almost everything in it is negative in nature (hence the age restriction). I never really looked into something negative as depression and suicide, this game offered me just that.Recommended :)"
,Recommended,253110,10994374,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Invulgo,"This is probably the most disturbing game I have ever played, and my limit is really high. It's not necessarily the graphical content that makes it disturbing, but Susan's mental health and thoughts. The graphics really help enhance this interesting and different feeling of imaginary existential crisis and/or suicidal tendencies. I would not recommend playing this if you are easily offended or going through a depression. The content is thrilling, dark and philosophical. The title is somewhat misleading, cats have no key feature in this game."
,Recommended,253110,9713732,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,EdgyClumsyFag95,"The Cat Lady is an interactive puzzle game that is rich in terms of the story.The story of The Cat Lady... Since it is written in the about the game section, that's all you need to know.The game is filled with a lot of mature themes and has a dark story line. Easily to be the most brutal thing I have ever seen. Yet, as brutal as it gets, it is also filled with a lot of heart breaking moments and heart warming moments all the same, whether it is about her past or other people's past.The art style in this game is perfect. It blends in well with the theme of this game and all the more highlights brutality (Blood). The art style in the screenshots already shows that this is going to be a dark game.The soundtrack blends in well. Although not the most perfect one, I can still recommend searching out for their album and buying it.The only problem was the audio and the voice acting... If they did more work on their emotions and improve the quality more I swear that this will make the game so much emotional.It's a 4.4/5 for me. This is a piece of gem in terms of story but if you are looking for gameplay wise... I cannot recommend this :/"
76561198047160140,Recommended,253110,11358277,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jimmy McNulty,"It's a masterpiece.If you're older than 18,not faint hearted this is your game.And i still think this is the best game of 2012.It includes cannibalism,sex♥♥♥♥♥♥blood,profanity at maximum level.This is one of the best physcological horror game even the best adventure game i ever played.Play it.I went to hell and back.I'm stronger than you."
76561197965075974,Recommended,253110,11055717,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SHREKT3020,Unlike any game I've played before. The story is well written and the overall game play was amazing. Highly recommend this one.
,Recommended,253110,27731467,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,House Rhŷs,"Became an immortal middle aged woman, went on a killing spree. 10/10 would own cats again"
,Recommended,253110,27032773,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Extracheesepopcorn,I am absolutly nominated this game for the steam awards!!!!!
,Recommended,253110,29337861,Posted: 18 January,all,Phyll,one of the best story so far
,Recommended,253110,13907702,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SpinGee,Super adventure game with lot of choices which infulences game
76561197993245023,Recommended,253110,10480047,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Black Rabbit of Inle,"Compelling story, incredible script, solid voice acting, and about 9,000 OMGWTF moments.  Won't soon forget this gem."
76561198084082299,Recommended,253110,9294426,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,EarthWalker,"If I could blend the psychological despair of Silent Hill 2, the free-flowing dialogue and character development of The Longest Journey, and the ultraviolent vengeance of the Kill Bill films... I might come close to describing what I enjoyed about The Cat Lady. If you enjoy captivating, character-based storytelling, and (mostly?) psychological horror, you will definitely enjoy the game. There are many visceral horror elements too, but ultimately, I was left with a story about the human desire to prevail over despair and darkness. I think the game designer was bold in telling this story, and I feel it is a story that needs to be told... especially in video game form!At first, I was concerned about how streamlined the play style appeared to be (e.g. using only the arrow controls on the keyboard,) but I ultimately found it liberating. The puzzles were mostly intuitive, although I had to seek some help during the more surreal sequences. The voice acting is predominantly solid and believable. I became attached to some of the characters, and was sad to have finished the game as quickly as I did.I really hope to see more works from Remigiusz Michalski in the future. This is the kind of adventure game that will stick with you, long after play time is over!"
,Recommended,253110,9309674,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,honeytrapping,I've never really played a game that made me face certain moral challenges and The Cat Lady makes sure you have an internal dialogue before selecting anything in the game. The art and story-telling are absolutely beautiful. I lobby so hard for this game when my friends ask what they should download next on Steam. I can't sing loud enough the praises for this game!
,Recommended,253110,8317869,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,holoduck,"This is one of those games that really sticks with you long after you've finished playing it.Along with a great soundtrack (and I really mean great) and an awesomely executed plot comes an experience that just feels complete.I wouldn't really call it a horror game though, the bits that would fall under that category adds a certain flare that just falls in line with the main themes of the game if anything. This fits perfectly seeing as the main purpose of it all really seems to deliver the story with a fitting atmosphere.Easily one of the best games I've played in a long time."
76561198008224693,Recommended,253110,8365425,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rovert40,"Very cool adventure game.  Story is solid, weird, and interesting.  9/10"
76561197999536565,Recommended,253110,8036292,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Private Virgil Ginger Jr.,A game MUST OWN! ;)
,Recommended,253110,8037394,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Kaname,"This was a pretty good game, dark though, and a lil bit buggy, but the story is nice and Mitzi too >.>It took me off path of exile for a while."
76561198007905842,Recommended,253110,8059368,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,GoldenGopherRunsWildonYou,Is good
,Recommended,253110,8138921,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,minehe,"Its awesome, deeply, fatanstic, really good."
76561197999340051,Recommended,253110,8436765,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Codeman,Grab yourself some antidepressant and journey into the tragic story of susan ashworth. a stange but wondefull piece of artwork with stunning visuals and horror elements that will give you goosebumps.
,Recommended,253110,8837245,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Angel,"I still have achievements to earn and though to me the game seemed short, it was something I really enjoyed. Navigation and controls were easy as well. If you enjoy scary or horror, this game is definately one I recommend as it does content quite a bit of violent content but I enjoyed the story line despite the blood and violence in the game. Also, even though it did seem a bit short to me, there are several options to choose in the game that will allow various endings making it a game that you can play over and over and not just once and then putting it down."
76561198071448712,Recommended,253110,8320534,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Snowraven,"The Cat Lady - while for some the name of the game might sound weird considering its theme, it is, after all, a horror game with psychological influences. You get to play Susan, a woman who attempted suicide and through some bizzare event got the superpower of immortality as she goes on to kill serial killers.While the plot in itself might not sound that strong, the level of detail with which the events are detailed is amazing and truly realistic. The characters are quite believable in what they do and make you either love or hate them according to their actions and what they say, so the game does a fantastic job in immersing the player in it. In the end, due to this level of detail the story is saved and becomes rather interesting. The element of danger and the plot twists really complete this experience.The graphics are not amazing, but this is a more of a 2d horror game after all. There is gore however and some nudity, so be prepared. Especially for gore, which is all over the place. So the game is 18+ (though we know you won't care about this even if you were under 18, isn't that right?)In terms of sounds and music, I belive they fit with the theme of the story and the music usually starts at the right time and only helps you get into the story even more.Overall, The Cat Lady shows an attention to details and an interesting story due to said details. This makes it a good game worth buying."
76561198019221092,Recommended,253110,8071529,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Rapsodia,Finally inteligent game :) Strongly reccomended :)
,Recommended,253110,8799970,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Remsyk,"This game is dark. Really, really dark, and I love it.The Cat Lady follows the story of Susan Ashworth, a woman who lives alone in an old, rundown flat. Right from the beginning, this game takes a dark turn. The game begins with Susan committing suicide, and as far as you're know, she succeeds. She does survive the attempt, but from that point on, nothing really seems to go her way.The game follows Susan as she tries to cope with her seemingly crushing depression and hopelessness. There are many times when it's hard to differentiate between what's real and what's a seeming dream state. Time and time again she is faced against people who embody the worst of humanity, whether it's someone's insane idea of art, cannibalism, beauty, power over another's life, or how life just isn't fair. There were times when I felt uncomfortable or squeamish. Even with the slightly twisted and not-quite-right art style, I found it to be a bad idea to eat while playing this game. The brightest part of the game is easily Mitzi, but even that is too short.The art style and music only emphasize the psychological effect of the game. The game is primarily black and grey and most colors are muted at best, if present at all. The colors are bright only to emphasize some horror or gruesome scene, such as blood, a person's eyes, or to highlight an important decision. The music intensifies the atmosphere, and like any good horror/suspense game, emphasizes events or actions with appropriate songs. The stranger the event, the more demented and twisted the music becomes; complete a puzzle or unlock a door, the music seems to become more uplifting and bright; assemble a weapon to punish the ones who have hurt you, and the music takes a sinister tone.Overall, this is a dark game that focuses on mature themes that may put off a few people. I would heed the 18+ warning at the beginning of the game. There are lots of rather disturbing scenes involving killing, many forms of mutilated corpses, disturbing images, and torture. However, it is definitely worth a play through, if only to get a glimpse into the psyche of the insane."
,Recommended,253110,8772592,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Ninja,One word ....... ''Amazing'' :'')
,Recommended,253110,11831398,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,weirdokay,"honestly one of the most gorgeous games ive ever played, from the art & design to the depth & detail of the story"
,Recommended,253110,8037126,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Daniela Lalilulelo,"With a peculiar and very grey gameplay, The Cat Lady is definetly not for everyone, It is heavy, gory, It has a depressing and a very.. very morbid atmosphere wich makes this game one of the best psychological horror games I've ever played, for those who ""admire"" this kind of ""stuff"" this isnt going to be a disapointment, It is very intriguing and you'll even jump sometimes... you'll love every moment of it and you'll definetly feel Susan's strugle during the whole game, Susan Ashworth is definetly one of the strongest characters I've ever known. BAMF"
76561198045031937,Recommended,253110,20449342,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dimotane Co,Imagine Team Silent and David Firth made a game. That is all.
,Recommended,253110,13879126,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Friagram,"Strangest game ever, but in a good way. The story is dark and twisted. The humor is twisted also. It's got all of the classic horror elements... Moths, bare light bulbs dangling from fixtures, black and white/noir environments, maggots, etc. The dialogue is pretty varied, but always interesting. The puzzles and events are not annoying or tedious, and are entertaining enough as well. The story seems pretty linear. Choices don't seem to lead to long-lasting changes, they just trigger different cutscenes and replies that shortly follow, but it's fine.Overall it's a really good game. The art style is... Interesting, a mix of photos/photomanipulation/drawing. It does a good job of creating environments that look both real (because of photos of real objects) and fake (due to odd arrangements and manipulation) at the same time, which is often disturbing.The only major weak point is the character animation, which is a bit odd at times - sort of contorted cardboard puppet-like stuff going on. Usually it's pretty good and this is not too noticeable, but during long dialogue scenes with lots of back and fourth it can be a bit much. The UI is also a little weak, limited to up down left right and enter, which usually gets the job done. However, character movement sometimes interferes with item selection, which can be annoying."
76561198026539571,Recommended,253110,7978758,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Spanks Masterson,"My main PC was temporarily dead due to a bad psu so I was looking around for a game that I could play on my old laptop. I found this one and gave it a try. It's a macabre story game with some engaging puzzle solving elements. There is gore and blood, but given the modest graphics and slower gameplay, it lacks the fast-paced shock value present in most horror games (which is fine by me, I like my horror a bit more cerebral). It's very thematic and the mood is just right. If you're looking for a creepy side scroller with an interesting supernatural story that won't tax your system, then this is the game for you. It's sort of like a horror version of Myst, crossed with a Choose Your Own Adventure book. Recommended.UDPATE: changed review to reflect bug fixes"
76561198022802873,Recommended,253110,9806632,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,† PдRдFטcKוnסiд †,"I cant say anything bad than just it was short and I wish there was more. I loved this game so much, totally recommend this for people who has been through suicide thoughts or anything like this, Sush strong game...these feelings...Susan is totally my newest favourite character!  This game is perfect to me!"
,Recommended,253110,20190628,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Caligatia,This is my absolute favorite Adventure of all time.
,Recommended,253110,33257303,Posted: 4 July,all,President Armstrong,"Better catgirls than nekopara, 9/10Pest control guy best husbando"
76561198033212829,Recommended,253110,8178880,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Marion Moonlight,"One of the most meaningful games I've played... ever. It's dark, rough and painfully captivating. Its heroes are not black and white but grey - just like any believable hero should be. And when you beleive someone, you feel for them. And yes, you will cry, maybe just once, but you will."
,Recommended,253110,25867238,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,COCK,incredible
76561198156102457,Recommended,253110,19942561,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dr. Amaral,Very absorbing story. This is the most fascinating game i have ever played. You should try it !!!!!
,Recommended,253110,19158469,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Tarn,Thrilling... Dark... Real.
76561197984111566,Recommended,253110,12998697,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,NicK,"What an amazing game story telling at it's very best, this is a game where you will care what happens to the characters, brillant but gutted it's over."
,Recommended,253110,23907666,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Caerulite,"Great gameplay, dark story, art style, and voice acting."
,Recommended,253110,17706005,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Rados' sexy wog girl 💕,"1. You are asked to think of a vegetable.2. You think of a carrot.3. She tells you, you thought of a carrot!This game is a mind reader!"
76561198078830918,Recommended,253110,12609214,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sheisty Individual,"awe-♥♥♥♥in-somecool-looking artstyle, depth in both story and character development, i actually felt connected to some (doesn't happen often to good'ol me), masterpiece music score, great dialogues, multiple choices,intuitive gameplay, replayability, not overly complicated puzzles, wtf moments. Nothing to throw away, devs put their heart into it...and cats! 9.5/10 i'll never forget this game.2nd playthrough after 2 years...I have no words...It's unbelievable.I'm completely flabbergasted and baffled at how well written and immersive this game is.It is pure genius...really, thank you, developper.10/10 please for the sake of gaming industry, show people how it is done and give birth to another game!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,253110,13981329,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,~ The Ravens ~,"(The following is my short review of this truly captivating game.  A game that will have a more decisive impact on anyone who has seriously thought about suicide before in their lifetime.)The Cat Lady.  It's like the book that cannot be put down, or like the song that needs to be replayed (until the listener is finally content again). The Cat Lady had me snared within 26 seconds of its gloomy and foreboding opening intro.I generally don't like story-driven games.  The reason for this is because the story always feels so artificial. So fake.  Maybe I am long past that point where I see through the illusion of these fictional worlds put in front of me? Where I'm always so busy looking ""for the strings"", pulling the puppets, I rarely get any enjoyment .... And, as a result, it almost always feels like a waste of time and a waste of energy, investing myself in characters and story I simply don't care about.  ...or maybe I am too ....stoic in some regards ?The Cat Lady is different however.  This game is centered around dark themes such as suicide, crippling and debilitating depressions and murderers, and it never failed to keep my attention.  It truly is different to what I am used to.  A game that scratched an itch in the back of my dark psyche.  And that is EXACTLY what this game does.  It captivates with its dark themes, in such a way that it makes you actually care about the protagonist and the overall story, which of course meant I kept coming back to find out what would happen next !!!!!!!And that's all I dare say actually, for fear of ruining or spoiling the game for anybody! The Cat Lady won't appeal to everybody .... this game is perhaps somewhat of an isoteric experience ....but if it connected with me in such a manner, than surely there are others who are going to love this game just as much !+ Mature themes (you may have been subconsciously longing for)+ The leading Characters!+ Graphics that you will find, are perfectly suited to the overall experience! (makes game ...spookier!! Think of that old snes game Clock Tower, but better)+ Great music (again, perfectly suited)+ Atmospheric+ Excellent voice acting+ The mind-bending & intriguing way the story unfolds+ That feeling that the game developers knew exactly what they wanted to do, how to execute, and succeeded! Very well-crafted game.- You will not want it to be over- The fact there is no Cat Lady movie (but you will want there to be!)The Cat Lady is the very first game I have written a review for.  I was so impressed with it, I felt compelled to do so :)10/10."
76561198290493960,Recommended,253110,23282387,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Metaphorical Slut,"I'd watched a Let's Play of this years ago, and even after having already seen all of the gameplay I still thouroughly enjoyed this game! In all honesty it's easily one of my favorites, and will always have a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,253110,10615608,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chris,"The Cat Lady is an unique game, it is the scariest and one of the best games I have ever played. The story is incredible and is divided into several chapters. The story and the setting is dark and gloomy. The game uses tension and will scare you. A lot. The voice cast delivers an outstanding performance and the soundtrack is amazing. The Cat Lady is a very emotional game about loneliness and suicidal thoughts. The game is breathtaking and has a strong moral."
76561198110841206,Recommended,253110,29808704,Posted: 9 February,all,Horror Whore,This game is fantastic simply because of how much of a ***** Susan is. Or can be. I probably made her way worse with my dialogue choices lol.
,Recommended,253110,11026221,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Blackface Hitler,Taught me that Americans are the only ones that pronounce garage normally. 10/10
76561198255897677,Not Recommended,253110,18832741,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,calkubo,"3/5Average game. May have good points, but its bad ones bring it down.Don't get me wrong, just because I don't recommend it means it's a bad game. It's just that it's not a game for everyone. The premise is great, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired.There are many scenes that take too long and there is no option to skip them. Which isn't that bad the first time you played it, but oh god does it show in a second playthrough. For the save option to appear you need to press ESC, but it will NOT work during a cutscene or dialog (which, you know, the game is full of). So you may have pressed it at some point and, since nothing came up, thought it didn't serve a purpose. My first time playing the game I made it to Chapter 4, and since I didn't see the save option nor the game told me about it, I supposed it autosaved. Playing everything again was a chore.Chapter 3 introduces mechanics that you won't see ever again. And the way they work, it's almost a guarantee that you will ""fail"" it the first time. Chapter 4 has a particular scene where the game slows down a LOT making the game unplayable. I thought it was a glitch so I had to load another save file only to have the same results.And it seem that at the end the creator forgot what the game was about. Let me put it like this: You play a game where the objective is to find your 5 cows that escaped from the barn. When looking for the first one you travel through the mountains, fight wolves and swim through a lake. And you think ""Well, so far it's good. I wonder if it gets better"". But then you find the next 4 cows all in the same place just eating grass. And then you turn arounds and see a duck and scream ""Johnson! There you are, I've been looking for you for years."" So you take your duck back to your barn where he uncovers the hidden gold of Mr. McNugget... And you just wonder, wasn't this game supposed to be about something else?Now, as I said before, the premise of the game is very interesting. At the beginning of Chapter 4 a new character will be introduce that makes the game feel less depressing, even the main character will act different and make the game more enjoyable. It's definitely an experience, I'm glad I played it, but it could have been better."
,Recommended,253110,10403362,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Notorious DFD,Holy hell this game is DARK. I love it.
76561198311981729,Not Recommended,253110,28211900,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Emdot,"Initially I loved this. It has a compelling story, interesting characters, good use of psychology, interesting visuals and sound. The main thing that's missing from this game is the game-ness. I went into this expecting to make moral decisions, but I'm being led along a straight line with no choices. Perhaps there's more choice than I see, but if so then that's a problem too--a game should at least provide the illusion of choice.What sticks out the most is that often dialog options aren't a tree--they're a list. I get to choose which sequence I pick them in, but I'm not allowed to continue until I've chosen them all. There's no fun in that.This isn't a game where one shapes the character's path. It's a puzzle game, and not a great one. That's a pity, because the world and the story and the stylistic elements are interesting."
,Not Recommended,253110,28260662,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kampy*,"Firstly you need a good computer to run this game although the graphics are rather poor. Some stuff looks like bad photoshop and cheesy animations, other stuff looks like an old DOS game. It doesnt fit together very well, but it's okay. On my laptop this game was unplayably slow. When I played this on my PC then it ran smoothly, but although it has something interesting to it - it is like watching an endless dialogue that keeps dragging on. There is hardly anything to do. At some point I got so bored I almost fell asleep and then decided to stop playing it. Maybe you have to have a lot of patience until this game really begins to get good. I think it is some young developer's first game and for that it is not too bad and it was also very cheap, but I wouldnt recommend it."
,Recommended,253110,11940869,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,El Kappo,This game is a real masterpiece.
,Recommended,253110,7975673,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,chocowalnut,"Amazing adventure game for the mature gamers. The soundtrack and graphics are wonderful and unique. If you like a good story, puzzles, and psychological horror you will like The Cat Lady."
,Recommended,253110,8438274,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kidd_olivia,This game absolutely gorgeous; beautifully designed with a gripping plot and quite a unique style.
76561198076630331,Recommended,253110,8231579,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,sknickerbocker2012,Very compeliing intersting thingy. Bam! Profit
,Recommended,253110,8258844,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,katrahn,"The Cat Lady is a brilliant game, a true work of art, and an experience with the potential to be quite affecting. As a survivor of depression, I can say that the atmosphere of the game is spot on, and my gaming experience was incredibly uplifting - though I would warn others to think carefully about their own triggers and current mental state before diving in, as the depictions of depression and suicide are very realistic.It's an intense game that speaks to the deepest parts of the human psyche, and a powerful example of the potential of computer games as art."
76561198056134426,Recommended,253110,8275678,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Katbert,Holy Mother of Satan! This is awesome!
76561198030230704,Recommended,253110,8523058,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,marct99,"Great game, don't let the UI scare you: clever dialogues, dark humour, pretty much an artwork...A must if you are fans of David FIrth !"
76561197996517798,Recommended,253110,8658300,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,malpasoman,"An adventure game about death!  If you truly enjoy indie films (not the so-called indie films of today) you will enjoy this adventure game.  Beware, some puzzles may not be as straight-forward to solve but you will keep plowing (clicking) through to the next chapter to see what'll happen next.The game's theme is very dark and heavy.  It deals with depression and mental illness.  You experience these afflictions as you guide the Cat Lady while you help her cope with her trials and help others cope with theirs, too.  The art style is visually-striking and it does a good job at conveying a sense of uneasiness and suspense as you walk from scene to scene.The user interface is very basic.  No mouse clicking, just arrow keys and Enter key.  The interface is text menu driven.  Hint: Use your spacebar to advance dialogue you wish to fastforward.  A technical downside occurs when you save your game.  There is no way to overwrite your previous saves within the game.  You will have to go into the game folder yourself and delete extra saves you do not need.Fans of the old point-n-click game from Lucasfilm Games involving a hamster in a microwave will be in for a treat of their gaming lives."
76561198031103246,Recommended,253110,8480742,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lady_Jane_Cemetary,psychologically amazing...
,Recommended,253110,8545826,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Distati,"The 2D adventure game, The Cat Lady, by R. Michalski, is a work of art to be appreciated by all gaming enthusiasts. A fantastic story complemented by an excellent script and unique visuals brings to life a universe not unlike our own: full of harsh realities and true horror. An accurate representation of the day to day struggles of a person suffering from depression caused by a tragic backstory, this is not a game for the faint of heart, meant for only mature souls seeking a valuable gaming experience."
,Recommended,253110,8468239,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fellheart,"A rather dark and dreary adventure game in which a shut-in cat lady must rediscover her will to live... or something.  The art and sound are very unique, capturing the dark atmosphere perfectly.  The puzzles are tricky enough to get you to think, but not so vague as to make you frustrated and bog down the narrative.  If you enjoy a well-written foray into the darker parts of the human mind, The Cat Lady is well worth your time."
76561198039358242,Recommended,253110,8626702,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Super Tedders,"The storyline is amazing! It has a really slow start, but man when it gets going, IT GETS GOING. The gameplay isn't that great, but your choices matter in the end. For the price it is, it really is worth it. Its not something I would recommend playing over and over again, but man is it good!"
,Recommended,253110,7970783,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sai,"The Cat Lady is a haunting, compelling game. It operates like an oldschool adventure game, but it's nuanced surrealist horror will draw you right in. It's well paced, brilliantly written, excellantly scored and devles deeply into the themes of depression and suicide."
76561198071091440,Recommended,253110,8172852,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Twocansam,Best Adventure game ever!!!BloodGoreBoobs
76561198093122054,Recommended,253110,8708274,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,fruitcellar84,g
76561198057776973,Recommended,253110,8784616,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,mat1x,`Too long a sacrifice can make a stone of the heart...`
76561198132208278,Recommended,253110,10487477,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sprayface,"one of the best games I've ever played. to tell you why would be a spoiler, just play it if you're interested."
,Recommended,253110,26288111,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lstewiel,And Stewie was happy.
,Recommended,253110,11823809,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,FelineIntuition,"I thought the game looked a little off when I first watched a trailer of it, but the art style was so unique, I was incredibly intrigued. That, and who can pass up a game called 'The Cat Lady' when you are almost a cat lady yourself? So I went in with unsure expectations, but was incredibly blown away. I was not expecting the game to be as dark as it was, despite that it's correctly labeled as horror. But as a massive fan of any horror games, I loved it. There's a good amount of gore, and graphic images of suicide. But they aren't done for a 'shock' factor as much as elegantly explaining the story. The voice-acting is gorgeous and what music is noticeable matches the dark atmosphere of the game perfectly. There are multiple endings for the choices you make in the game. I commonly list this game as my favorite unknown/underrated game without hesitation. It's gorgeous, and incredibly well done. I'll be definitely playing 'Downfall' [the prequel game] and hope for more games by the same people/team soon!"
,Recommended,253110,11788180,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Eichiro,"The Cat lady is a graphic adventure that will plunge you into the mind of a suicidal woman named Susan Ashworth.The way this game conveys the feeling of anxiety, loneliness and depression to the player can just be classified as masterful. All the choices made by the developers are just so right that they must be mentioned: the music, the art, the style of the gaming mechanics, the horrifying images and demential scenes, and the whole setting of the game itself, are just wonderfully executed. There are even some quite funny as well as interesting touches of humor that will make you at least smile sometimes.Overall, this game isn't an AAA production, that's for sure, but it doesn't really need to be so. The creators of The Cat Lady clearly know how to adjust the correct screws in order to unscrew your own mind and submerge you into a greatly reproduced dark atmosphere. Let's just say that it will sometimes probably tear your mind a little with some really crazy stuff. Transmitting emotions through a videogame is not an easy task, and that's why it must be praised when a little piece of art like this is found.I definitely recommend playing The Cat Lady, but only if you like deep stories in the form of graphic adventures. FPS-only players might (most definitely) find this game boring. Anyway, if you are like me and enjoy a slow-developing, deep story, prepare for a few good hours of gaming. And I won't say anything else, because playing and experiencing the game for yourself is the best way to understand what I'm trying to say (and I don't want to spoil the best parts, either).Final appraisal: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,253110,11892255,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TheeShooter,Who does not know a lonely 40 year old woman on the verge of suicide?
76561198064527406,Recommended,253110,11903003,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,TeeLight,"This is a good game. I really liked the writing. If nothing else this is worth buying for the writing alone. Add to it that the soundtrack is simply amazing and you have a really good adventure game experience. I found myself thinking about the plot lines and what the plot brought up during the day. This game did what a good game like it should do. It got me engaged in the story.It's not perfect though. The puzzles aren't challenging at all. Also the game is just about one of the ugliest games I've seen. I fooled myself into thinking that the game was purposefully artsy ugly for all of about ten seconds before I decided that it was just straight up ugly. Especially the character models. It sort of works with the type of story that it is and the subject matter, but that doesnt' really make it any better to look at.There is some middle ground too. The voice acting is odd. Some of it is stellar, some of it is awful. The quality of the voice recordings varies pretty greatly too. Some people seem to have done their dialogue through a tin can while others must have had a legit recording set-up.The flaws are pretty minor in comparisson with what is a great story. If you love to read, love coffee, love cats, love thinking about the sad things in life, love questioning what's in it all, and just in general love a good bit of game writing try this out."
,Recommended,253110,16449416,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Andrei Nitu,"This is the best game I ever played , i really like the story !!"
,Recommended,253110,13623453,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,wormwood,"THE TEAL DEER REVIEW:The game is great surreal fun until the end, at which point it falls short of finishing its own story.It shines brightest at art, the plot (until the end), and its ability to explore states of consciousness.The game is at its worst technically and during its finale, making this a 4 out of 5 star game for me--the mechanics problems were incredibly intrusive during the game, and while the concept, art, and music are unique, even brilliant, the end was annoying as hell.It's worth playing, but I hope the development team continues to hone its skills before publishing another game. They should be encouraged to keep developing, but need more experience before making full use of the concepts and resources they've created.THE LONG-AS-HELL REVIEW:It's hard to write a concise description of this game, which is no small feat in the gaming market. It's definitely horror, it's highly psychological, and it's a point-and-click. Past that point, however, it's hard to say what this game is.It could be an exploration of what it's like to be suicidally depressed (and, in fact, it raised goosebumps on me repeatedly by the degree to which the characters acted exactly like someone suicidally depressed.)It could be an exploration of what it's like to be horrifically unlucky. The chain of coincidence surrounding Susan manages to be both catastrophic and plausible, itself no small feat. When you find out why she hates flowers, you'll know what I'm talking about. Life has beaten Susan down to the point that she is, in essence, a shell of a person for the first chapter.It could be an exploration of how little trying to be a good person actually effects your life. Susan is not a bad person (and in fact, tries in her own way to do good, even though she doesn't always succeed.) She is capable of and does engage in acts of vengeance both petty and not-so-petty, as well as fighting back physically against various other characters. In the end, however, Susan only manages to do a little good in a very dark set of situations. As a character reminds her late in the game, life is not fair, and we cannot always understand or anticipate the results of our actions.It could be a surreal exploration of states of consciousness. From background props to puzzles, the game is highly surreal, partnering more photorealistic images to strange, disorted dolls, grayscale human figures and the occasional splash of color. Susan's state of mind is echoed in the distortions of her environment, the dull gray of much of the scenery, and the vivid gore of the puzzles. The puzzles themselves are often built around methods of self-harm, and the scenery makes it clear that she is unable to find the peace she seeks, right up until the end of the game.It could even be about the kind of bonding people who are broken do with one another, how people with bitter, broken lives learn to care about each other.If I had to sum the game up in a few words, I would say that it is an exploration of suicidal depression, and of the seductive madness that goes with it. If you've ever listened to ""Paint it Black"" and empathized entirely, you can fully understand Susan's state of mind (and will probably need to stop the game and do something else on occasion for the sake of your sanity.)Where the game explores that state of mind, it is brilliant.The plot, however, moves into other themes as the game goes on. When it does, it starts to experience problems, particularly where the plot tries to deal with redemption. Parts of the thematic choices are spot-on, but they are surrounded by what seems like an attempt to make a neat end on a messy and rather endless process. While the ending acknowledges this explicitly, the characters themselves don't seem to empathize with, understand, or even feel in any significant fashion the lines of dialog they have been given.Or, to put it another way, I don't believe that Susan cares about her ""friend"" or that she would be able to resolve the ending. Her rage and depression are crystal clear. Everything else is murky and/or not believeable.The end comes on like a wreck--you don't see it coming, and considering the content, you should.Mechanically speaking, the game moves like molasses. Characters pause, the game freezes for a few seconds, the characters are very slow to respond to cues, and various other performance-related issues caused small but irritating stoppages in my gaming experience. I'm playing this with a one-month old NVIDIA GTX 660, 16 GB of RAM and an AMD Phenom II (6 cores), with appropriate and up to date drivers for the NVIDIA--I doubt very much the performance issues are hardware related.The game does NOT autosave for you, and you will need to maintain your progress yourself. Unlike other reviewers, I didn't mind this. I've played too many old games to be bothered by a lack of autosave, and typically save games myself as a matter of course.The graphics and art themselves are an interesting mixture of what looks like stock art, MS paint-esque figures, photos and what appears to be stock textures. The net result is a bit like the work of Dave McKean, though less polished. The whole, while a bit chaotic to the eye, is not displeasing and has the effect of reinforcing story themes.Musically, I was reminded a little of certain early NIN tracks. The music did, at intervals, function to reinforce themes. However, the chapter endings were a bit indulgent of the soundtrack. As a result, while the soundtrack was pleasant, it was a bit overpowering of the story, and should have been less emphasized in the course of chapter endings.The script was rife with grammar errors of various descriptions, which made me cringe a bit during major scenes.I am comfortable recommending this based on the originality of the game, but I have to note that the developers need more practice. I will continue to buy games produced by these developers, crossing my fingers that the elements I've noticed had problems continue to be a focus for improvement from them.This game, when it's on point, is amazing."
76561198120540428,Recommended,253110,29102065,Posted: 7 January,all,Spreelly,its a good game
76561198322782798,Recommended,253110,32464225,Posted: 15 June,all,Serenus-Lux,"Pretty interesting game filled with puzzles and an interesting storyline. If you enjoy games that make you think, you may enjoy this. Pretty solid throughout but the ending leaves more to be desired, in my opinion. It is pretty graphic and gory and it is a giant trigger warning. But if you can stomach this or these things do not bother you, it is worth a play through for the storyline alone."
,Recommended,253110,32502892,Posted: 17 June,all,MuscularTeeth,A very adult point n click adventure.  Deep topics discussed with honesty and empathy.
,Recommended,253110,32523934,Posted: 17 June,all,She_Nephilim,"This isn't a fun game. It's not a typical ""jump scare"" title either. It's a game whose story grips you into continuing. It tackles issues of the human heart and mind, while tastefully allowing the player to understand what depression is, without coming off as 'edgy'. Even with a  few very minor bugs and awkward animations, I give it a 9/10. I haven't finished it yet, but I truly wish to see how the story will unfold."
,Recommended,253110,33398289,Posted: 9 July,all,GTLskitzo,"One of my favourites games. It's creepy and spooky but beautiful in it's own way. Some people would find it boring, but I took my time with the game and it's story does capture you :)"
,Recommended,253110,15206243,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sanct Failus,"I 100%´ed the game today and well... totaly worth it.Before we get to all the nice stuff, let´s get the crapy things out of the way. There were several things bugging me through the hole game. First of all: the synchronization. I´m totaly fine with the voice actors though they sound bored sometimes but the soundquality is horrible. Everytime a person shouts, it hurt´s to listen. If you play the game, I recommand to lower the volume. Second thing that bugs me is the soundtrack. In some parts of the game the soundtrack contains vocals. Maybe it´s just me but somehow these feel unfitting. Not becouse it´s not my kind of music but because they (at least in my case) drag the attention from the game to the soundtrack itself. I would have prefered a more ambient kind of sound on these parts. The controls also need some time to get used to it and even if you get used to it... it feels clunky...Now that these mainissues are out the way let´s get to the awesome stuff! If there is one thing I like in games it´s a good story. And I appreciate a good story even more when it´s not afraid to touch more mature and serious subjects just as depression, suicide and how a good written character deals with these things. On first sight it might bother that nearly everything is just black and grey with a little bit of white here and there but I liked it that way. It underlines perfectly how Susan, the protagonist, views the world. Of cause there are colors but they are usually rare and as a result, they get a special meaning this way. You will know then you see it.I´d also like to mention that ""Harvester Games"", the Devs, have also made two other games in the same style (someone did some research here xD). The first one is ""Downfall"" (original from 2009 but the game get´s a remake 2015) and ""Lorelai"" is supposed to get in production once the remake of Downfall is done. Don´t know about you guys but I will play these these two. ^^"
76561198123294656,Recommended,253110,13737556,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Freikorptrasher,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece.Buy it.
76561198026688853,Recommended,253110,13741475,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shere Khan,A dark and creepy game with a good overall message.  Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,253110,13819115,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BruHavoc,"The Cat Lady is the most beautiful game ever played. Every part of this game is just perfect, the music, the art work and  the story are amazing.I really recomend it. 10/10 -Masterpiece"
76561198094595087,Recommended,253110,11055227,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,wilf.nelson,"This game is very good 7.5/10. It is very uplifting if you play to be a good person, there isn't really a moral choice system but rather a work hard system. This looks at the crippling pain those who live with depression suffer from, and does the job very well. This game is well made only irritating me once or twice because it thought i wanted to interact with someone a foot in the other direction but they were very much the minority. The game does also suffer from adventure game logic meaning you can go back and forth for a screwdriver because a knife won't work for prying something open. This did irritate me but really I ordered an adventure game so maybe I should have expected that. It did ruin the flow of the game on occassion however and that I was not happy with.The game's story is a double edged sword. It is deep, dark and very open. Most of the time I would wander through the game marvelling at the level art, I was terrified and shocked in some scenes when you see the depravity and horror that the Cat Lady works on. Other times however the dialogue goes on forever, you can't pause during the dialogue and it feels completely disconnected from the story that you are currently working towards. I had a scene that lasted for twenty minutes and couldn't pause, luckily my gf was able to answer the door and phone that both needed attention during this time. The game would be well served from warning you.Seriouly though. The story is fantastic. It honestly shocked me deep down with a wonderfully written story. The story and the aesthetic make up for everything else that I have been really petty in complaining about. This is fantastic, the level design is awesome, the otherworldiness of the design is reminscent of Giger without being all sexual and creepy. Awesome game for those who want some complexity in their gaming time.Get this game, it is very exciting. I recently played Wolfenstein: The New Order, The Amazing Spiderman 2, Dark Souls and Thief alongside this. I only enjoyed this and Dark Souls so infinitely more worth your time despite it being a 2-D adventure game.Run down for those who care about scores-1 for adventure game logic running the flow-1 for long dialogue-.5 for not having pause always available."
,Recommended,253110,11694042,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,laggardfelidae,"If you can stomach gore and themes of suicide and depression, please play this game. It's sure to get you hooked and definitely worth the money. It's a point-and-click adventure, but without the pointing and clicking - it uses simple keyboard controls (you will only need the arrow keys, enter and esc) which take some time getting used to, but it also means there's no pixel hunting involved. Just a heads up so you know what to expect. From what I hear, there's multiple endings and it definitely has some decisions that are for you to make, but even without trying to get all the endings, you'll be busy for at least 6-7 hours."
76561197969716534,Recommended,253110,9958161,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,aweisberg,Surprisingly compelling
,Recommended,253110,10631488,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Genevera,"I've heard so many rave reviews about this game, so I finally had to buckle down and play it. Let me tell you, every good thing said about this game is completely spot on. The story is sad and beautiful. I loved the graphics too. This game kept me captivated from the very beginning to the very end. I recommend that everyone give it a try. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,253110,10624993,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RagnaR,"It's one of those few games that you may love or hate, but personally I love it. I have a thing for good stories; no matter how awful the gameplay. However, I'm not saying this game has awful gameplay, rather the contrary. Its the perfect genre to tell the story of Susan Ashworthe; the suicidal Cat Lady. This game makes you understand that depression can happen to any of us. That all we really need is connection and a purpose in life. The writing is simply top-notch and the voice acting is generally good with a few misses. Especially, with a story centric game like this you've got to have an amazing story to tell and indeed this game does so with flying monochrome colors.Graphics wise, the game looks like newpaper cutouts mixed with black and white paper dolls w/ clipped, low reso, & blurred animations from the 90s. However, this rugged look adds to the game's atmosphere of insanity and depression very nicely. Color is also used well to evoke mood of otherworldliness. The old-school look really adds to the horror aspect of the game; if silent hill 2 was in 2D, this would be the perfect look.Music wise, the game it top notch. The industrial clanking, the heavy rock guitars, and the slow piano melodies on the touching moments; everything just amplifies the immersion. Again, can't help but compare it to Silent Hill since the OST has the same feel.Gameplay wise, it's your typical point and click adventure minus the point and click. Instead, you use the directional keys and the enter key. Puzzles are straightforward and logical, which helps with a game as story heavy as this one. There's also clever use of dialogue, especially parts where you choose answers for Susan. An example would be a dialogue choice which cleverly makes you shape her story based on your personal struggles.If there was a complaint with this game, it would be the audio. Sometimes, music would clip and voice acting of some side characters is like listening to them speaking through a can. Don't worry it doesn't destroy from the immersion, but just a nitpick. Still, I'm forgiving about it considering the indie aspect of this game; may be they don't have the budget for recording some lines in a studio?Overall, I simply must recommend this game to you if you love games more than just something to pass time with, and something of an art form. This game is indeed not for everyone, some age old topics about what makes a good or a bad game may surface, but to me it doesn't really matter; if you got a good experience out of it (happiness, life lessons etc.) then it's good enough for me."
76561198079196639,Recommended,253110,10215952,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,CassyCrass,"Love the animation and style of the game, :) glad I can skip through a lot of the talking as it it stays on the screen for longer that needed and makes the game so long ^_^ overall, Recommend"
76561197974791358,Recommended,253110,10335380,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Caruee,This game is amazing. It's really dark and very unpleasant (in a great way). It evokes a lot of emotion and sometimes you'll have a hard time making decisions.
76561197997196094,Recommended,253110,10338070,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Fentenast,"Unique atmosphere and great story. One of the best point and click adventure games I have played. Dispite the primitive graphics, artisitic direction is refreshing."
76561198120966667,Recommended,253110,10386194,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,emmalizbee,"This is an amazing game! I really enjoyed playing it and exploring the different characters personalities! It's very sad but that's what makes it more enjoyable, you realize just how hard the life of Susan Ashworth really is. I would recommend this game 100%. Again, an amazing game! (and even better because I got the best ending :P)"
76561198096166237,Recommended,253110,10389840,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,CeliaInside,"Me myself once was caught by depression too allthough it was lighter that hers. All those time I really was Susan Ashworth, only me knew her very deep heart, built her scattered life back, and made her become a new person, but was it only her...? Most of this game is filled with black and blood and screaming and so many deaths and murders, but in the end I was really happy, this game really hit the bottom of my heart. My arm cut, my eyes became jelly beans, stabbed, kidnapped, gunshot, hammer to my head, yet my heart remained and was cured with hers..."
,Recommended,253110,10412330,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,GothicIntellect,"So, I just finished playing the game. It was a beautiful, empathetic story that was carefully integrated among gritty, gruesome gameplay. The artwork was very dark, and creepy but served as a perfect atmosphere. It was marvelous that the game made you confront saddness and sorrow, constantly. It felt like you are Susan, not just witnessing an event. Voice acting was so incredible! That and the dialogue evoked such raw emotion. I would hate to spoil the absolute beauty of the moral, so I won't say, but it's something everyone in any stage of their life needs to understand. Anyway, if you like the Edgar Allan Poe type of creepiness and darkness, you should definately buy this game. If you like gruesome murder games, you should definately buy this game. If you like adventure games, then stop reading and buy the game! It is so gothic in the sense that it highlights on the beauty that can only be found in gruesome subjects, like depression or death."
,Recommended,253110,10459679,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,kenwolf,"At first I was underwhelmed by the graphics and ""old-schoolness"" of the engine but as I played more I realised what a unique and amazing story this was and got hooked. It's a very dark and adult story told well. Very refreshing - buy it if you are interested in a different kind of gaming experience."
76561198073293413,Recommended,253110,10590845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TimeyWimey,"This game is one of the best indie games I've played in ALONG time. The soundtrack is just amazing. It goes so well with every aspect of the game and I'm downloading it right now. The story is absolutely amazing. They represent suicide and depression so well in this game. Now, this game is very gruesome, but I don't really think this game was made to be PG-13.  The character's in this game were so well-written, and the voice acting was fantastic for an indie game. I honestly just can't praise this game enough."
76561198010365816,Recommended,253110,10649109,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,forticulous,"Mature themes and abstract art style might throw some off, but it has an excellent storyline and is truly underappreciated"
76561198075160078,Recommended,253110,10737116,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MagazineThunder,"This game is a fantastic exploration of some of the deepest life's problems and strongest emotions. Susan Ashworth is The Cat Lady with a very deep seated rage which has created her morbid depression. Her own depression saves her in a strange way when she commits suicide but comes back to life.Facing her deep rage she confronts the most wicked people in the world, those with a sheer hatred of all things good, and engorging themselves on the destruction of the most precious in life, people (in fact, literally in some cases). In this point-and-click adventure game, solving puzzles to deal learn about the truth of life and the truth of evil, Susan grows and becomes a stronger person, until she finally finds her calling in the world, which redeems her and finally gives her hope to live... a thought she was entirely convinced could not be possible.This game doesn't deal with evil in the ways most other pieces of their genres do. Most games have ruthless villaines that do more than just be an irritating jaugernaut. Rather, it deals more in depth with what evil truly is. The people she must face are true bona fide psychopaths.The gore of this game makes sense. I wouldn't ordinarily play a gory game, but because of the philosophical nature, it's excusable. It's rather shocking however, throughout almost the entire game. A user only gets a brief relief from the horror."
,Recommended,253110,10754738,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,win10_baaaaaaad,"starts out feeling a bit cheesy, but a really good game and goes pretty far to feel like a real life situation (if you where to die and have to fight for your soul and humanity of cours ;) ). its worth the pennies it costs, TRUST ME as a fellow game addict!"
,Recommended,253110,10853018,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LegitPickles,"Has cats, pretty kosh, y'know snow."
76561198010333260,Recommended,253110,10998772,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sensual Unicorn,This game is amazing 9/10Controls 8/10This game is similar to point and click games but using the arrow keys and the enter button to interact with the environment. furthermore the environment is two dimensional so you can only walk left and right. For the games purpose controls are fine but using items can get annoying as you have to use directional keys to sift through your small inventory.Aesthetic 9/10The overall visual representation is great. It sets a very dark and ominous tone for the game and is what really drew me in to begin with.Story 8/10The story line is inticing. Multiple dialogue options are available which seemingly have an affect on the story ( I haven't played through twice so I can't confirm).
,Recommended,253110,11054784,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jpbananaman 🍌,"Short and sweet: 7/10Pros:-Fantastic storyline-Interesting art form-Very atmospheric without the need of jumpscaresCons:-The animation, as stated before, is an aquired taste. Very choppy and almost cheap looking, but nonetheless interesting.-The game saving. There is no option to override a save, as far as I've found, and instead you must sequentually title your saves (Save1,Save2,etc.). On top of that, if you don't save often, you can get stuck at your last save, and in my case lose the items in your inventory making it impossible to finish-The graphics configuration. Trying to find the correct setting for your monitor is fairly difficult, considering there's no cut and dry ""1920 x 1080"" mode.-Often very slow gameplay, your mind is 20 feet ahead of how fast the character can walk, making it very frustrating.Overall the gameplay outweighs the cons."
,Recommended,253110,11071601,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Cosmic Backdrop,This is the most incredible game I have ever ♥♥♥♥ing played.
76561197974463258,Recommended,253110,11107037,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Prowlinger,A great adventure through cerebral awareness and unawareness of your own cognitive psychology...   I do suffer depression and can relate to this game well...  it is a very abruptly shocking yet thought provoking story into the mind of what really happens on the rollercoaster of life in mind of a person who is severely depressed or suicidal.  You won't really get the message until the end... this isn't a game for entertainment... it is an tale of elightenment and awakening...  with both harsh realities and crazed mental fantasies that fill all the voids...    Well done to everyone who created this...  Now I am wanting to listen to the soundtrack... this is something that will always stick with me now until I die...
76561198012364410,Recommended,253110,11364331,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Palchiro,"There are no proper words to describe the experience of playing this. It's very difficult to play, there are parts where you can get stumped and you spend more time in this game trying to figure it out to get to the next level. However, I think the graphics, the story, the characters all were perfect. It's not a long game nor too short and the music really added to the tone of the game. This game wasn't much scary as it was creepy- definitely interesting and fun to play. Captures the players focus on an emotional level and keeps you immersed as you resolve each task. More than just a game, it is a work of art. Well worth the 10$ would greatly recommend anyone to get this game."
,Recommended,253110,11454556,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Dr. Steven Poop,"Finally, someone managed to make a video game equivalent of the movie ""Se7en"""
,Recommended,253110,11495161,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,WHITE SCAR,Leben ist Krieg.
,Recommended,253110,10844279,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Captain Gregory,Beautiful artistic game. Everyone should play this unless their a tasteless sap.
,Recommended,253110,10645324,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Iron_Tiki,"Well written. Very sad. Very, very sad. The engine it runs on is a little buggy, dated, nonresponsive, etc. But if you can get past the technical flaws (that isn't hard) and the somewhat sub-par voice acting (Also, surprisingly not hard) you're in for an emotional rollercoaster you probably won't necessarily enjoy, but you'll be glad you rode. The puzzles are well thought out and intriguing, the characters are well developed, and the narrative is superb. Buy this game.The only flaw is that Teacup wasn't voiced by this guy:https://31.media.tumblr.com/e1412b655c0f351de6dba4031c3fa06c/tumblr_mxcwof4iR61sq1b0po2_500.gif"
76561198013917819,Recommended,253110,10674052,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Junkyard Junkie,"It's a good thing for the yearly Steam Summer Sales. I've been waiting to get my copy of The Cat Lady on sale. Now that I finish playing The Cat Lady with one of the endings (but not the best ending yet), it's time for me to review it.If you're a fan of indie adventure horror games, The Cat Lady is worth every penny spent. It's twisted and gruesome in a good way. Graphics are stunning (and let's not forge the blood and gore), and the storyline even gives me the jibblies. There are multiple endings but I'm not gonna spoil it for you.Don't forget to love your cats if you're a cat person."
,Recommended,253110,10893637,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Squirrel,"I recommend this game because if you like story, and choice driven games, then this is the game for you. It may be sad, but it is interesting and fun nonetheless! I truly enjoy it!"
76561198039679810,Recommended,253110,15727353,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Yuki,Simply love the game.
,Recommended,253110,15698695,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,red fraction,"""...even if it takes not nine, but nine hundreds lives.""The story will sure stuck in my head for quite awhile now.This is truly a masterpiece."
76561198020044816,Recommended,253110,15735422,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,creamius( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)memeius,"Amazing story, artwork, music, and pretty much everything else. The horror comes more from the atmosphere than from a bad controll scheme and/or jump scares, which i like."
,Recommended,253110,15736162,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,angalee,"I am not done with the game yet but I am in love with it. I badly want the sound track for it. Where can I find it? lol But yeah over all, this game is brilliant."
,Recommended,253110,12439927,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,tlowson1,"With it's mature storytelling and it's unique twist on horror, The Cat Lady has lingered with me long after the final mission. A game definitely worth checking out, it's one of those stories I wish I caould un-know so I could play it for the first time again."
,Recommended,253110,28052127,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Benedolt,Very dark and captivating game.
76561198023496721,Recommended,253110,27864939,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Khan Now with Nutritious Salt,"This will make you feel, whether you like those feelings or not is an entiretly diffirent point.Even if this game is nothing but ficton, it is one of the most real fictional experience there is.This is pure beauty."
76561198198149103,Recommended,253110,28051973,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Undying Table,"couldn't stop playing, the story line is great!"
76561198167856206,Recommended,253110,27720074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Icewolf7542,"This game had GREAT dialogue and follows an excellent story line that keeps you immersed the entire time. As you play, you start to relate and feel for Susan and the others in her life. Truly an AMAZING GAME."
,Recommended,253110,24593119,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lilith Mortem,"A very intresting game, ten out of ten will play again!"
,Recommended,253110,28006417,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tsene,"As sad and depressing as The Cat Lady can be, it's definitely the best novel that I have ever read. And even with such dark themes, when I finish reading it I feel happy and content. Puzzles inbetween the story were a nice addition and at the same time made me eagerly wait to hear more afterwards."
,Recommended,253110,18327539,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Anakins Floorwalker,I fell in love with every single thing about this game.Now im gonna go cry in the corner.
76561198126730181,Recommended,253110,18827883,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Myopics,Good game
76561198047965522,Recommended,253110,18868827,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,tfkcex,this game's story is fairly touching. the way it sets it's mood is well done. it worth getting if you are into story and creepy arts
,Recommended,253110,29386312,Posted: 20 January,all,gilcol33,Maybe my favourite game I recently played. I thought it would be a simple 2D horror game. Boy was I wrong. This game explores human depths like I never saw it before. A great display of our inner demons - a very sad but beauiful game. I'm running out of things to say I give it 10/10.
,Recommended,253110,15162283,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Rammsteniako,I really recommend this game! It can scare you sometimes! 9/10
76561198068926428,Recommended,253110,15499321,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,keepingitmetal,"Play this game with headphones and in a dark room for full effect. I highly suggest playing it this way - it is literally like a different experience.The Cat Lady is a highly stylistic and atmospheric adventure game that is very dark and has some disturbing imagery and themes. It's not quite a horror game - I was never really scared - no jump scares - but rather, the game is creepy. Creepy music, creepy art, creepy story.Most of the game you sort of walk about environments as the 40-year-old-woman protagonist, Susan. She has tried to commit suicide and.... it sends her on quite the journey.Gameplay consists of walking around as Susan solving various puzzles and a lot of cutscenes/dialogue. The game is very much story-driven - I think of it more as a sort of interactive story than a ""game"" really. The game has multiple endings and your decisions and dialogue determine what happens and clocks in at around 8-10 hours.If you're into good, dark stories and can bear playing a game that isn't really ""game-y"", I really think The Cat Lady is quite the experience. The best adventure game I've ever played, by a long-shot. The story is a dark drama - there are dramatic moments to be had. Wouldn't be hard to shed a tear during the game in quite a few spots, but especially the end. Not a lot of games can make me feel that way."
,Recommended,253110,12838282,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,elfpvke,"Took me a while to really get into it through the first couple of chapters, but my patience was rewarded.Nice use of the AGS engine that I hadn't really seen in many other games.   Managed to just avoid being *too* dark for my liking.I also appreciated the nod to Maniac Mansion in Chapter 4."
,Recommended,253110,33689488,Posted: 20 July,all,Habo St.,"I pirated this game and completed it long before it came out on steam and I loved it so much that I bought this copy just to support the devs. This is probably one of my favorite games ever, definitely one of my favorite point and click games. It's point and click the way the original Grim Fandango was point and click: all the pointing and clicking was replaced by an entirely keyboard driven interface, but otherwise plays exactly the same as a traditional pnc type adventure game. One of my favorite things about this game is that the puzzles were never so hard that I needed to use a walkthrough to complete it. I was *very* tempted to at several parts though.And like a lot of other people who've played and reviewed this game, I can relate to/identify with this story and protag on an intimately personal level.Depression is like the worst f*cking thing in the whole world. You wake in the morning and refuse to get out of bed because what's the f*cking point, you have no reason to so you just lie there for a good 2-4 hours before finally dragging yourself out of bed because lying there just makes you feel even worse, plus you need to eat breakfast, p*ss, and brush your teeth or else you'll get a tooth infection again, which causes brutal f*cking agony that gets progressively worse over time, and keeps you awake the whole night long, and is so bad that when the dentist sticks the needle in your gums, the pain of the needle feels like a relief in comparison to the agony of your dying tooth.Food barely has any taste anymore. All your favorite things in the world bring you no joy because they become f*cking meaningless. You feel constantly bored and apathetic and emotionally numb and empty inside. You physically feel pain less because your senses are numbed. You feel EVERYTHING less intensely because of dulled senses. You don't feel happy or sad or angry or whatever. You feel nothing. All day, every day. For 16 straight years. And jerking off? That's not fun anymore. That just becomes another bothersome chore like brushing your teeth or taking a p*ss or a shower.Maybe you start overeating even when you're not hungry just to comfort yourself and start gaining weight. Maybe later on you start getting super stressed out and lose your appetite and start losing weight like crazy to the point where you become scared of becoming anorexic. You try to have a regular sleep schedule but that totally falls apart within months, maybe weeks. You just wake up and go to bed whenever you feel like it. Even though it bores the sh*t out of you, you just mindlessly stare at the computer monitor all day long until your brain is so tired that you can't stay awake anymore, but trying to go to bed earlier than that causes you to just lie in bed for hours on end tortured by anxiety that worsens the longer you are unable to sleep. Sometimes you go to bed in the middle of the day even when you're not tired simply because you have nothing better to do and would rather just sleep every day away.I've barely left my room in the past 11 years. I used to be able to run all the way home from school. Now I can run for maybe 5 seconds before becoming winded. My arms are so atrophied from lack of use that they have become pathetically weak. I cannot open any jars without using tools to help me. My bones are so weak that my hand broke cause someone grabbed it too hard. It didn't heal properly so now it's permanently f*cked. Forever. I used to be able to do 50 push ups. Now I'm lucky if I can manage 5.You stop caring if you live or die. You're not living anymore, you're merely surviving. Just running down the clock until everything ends forever. Just waiting for death. No purpose. No reason to live. No hope. No nothing.I'm f*cking tired. When do I get a break from all this?"
76561197980913997,Recommended,253110,26264287,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ghetto_D,"The Cat Lady is a great old-school-style story/adventure game!(I would say ""point and click game"", but there is no pointing or clicking.  You use the arrow keys along with the return key to play the game, spacebar to speed up dialogue, and escape key to bring up load/save menu etc...)Your character, (Susan), starts the game by attempting suicide, but instead of dying, she is given immortality by ""The Queen of Maggots"".  ""The Queen"" demands that you first kill off 5 ""Parasites"" before she will let you die.   Susan is deeply depressed and just wants to not exist anymore.  Having no choice but to carry out the mission ""The Queen of Maggots"" demands of her, Susan is brought back to life and your story begins to unfold as the game progresses from there...I'll go ahead and let you know that this game is more story than actual gameplay, but there are enough puzzles to be solved to keep you on your toes and entertained.  There are also many different choices in choosing dialogue when talking to other characters which in some instances alters the story a bit.  (I need to replay it and see what all I can change up in the story.)The story is very entertaining.  The graphics are not anywhere near ""next gen"", but for a game like this, it looks great.   The sound/voice acting is great.  The music is great.  The puzzles in the game are just hard enough to make you scratch your head a bit before you figure it out.Now the bad news about The Cat Lady is that it's set in low resolution and I'm not sure if you really can set it to 1080p etc..  My monitor is native 1080p and The Cat Lady does load up in full screen for me, but just low resolution.  Oh well.  It just makes this dark twisted game look even grittier.Some more bad news is that in certain instances the game lags.  (Trust me, my computer shouldn't lag playing this game.)  It's only a few parts that lagged briefly anyway though.Another minor gripe I have is that you cannot delete your save game files within the game menu (At least with the default version of the game from Steam).  I was reading about patching it to fix this issue, but I haven't done so yet.  You may want to go ahead and patch the game yourself before playing it.All in all, I would highly recomend getting The Cat Lady!  It's a great adventure/story game that should not be overlooked by anyone who likes this genre of gaming!"
76561198276281119,Recommended,253110,28507139,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Grimalkin92,"This is my favourite game from all time. It stirred every type of emotion in me as I have been battling with depression for many years.  The story is amazing, some puzzles took me ages to complete, music is so good and appropriate, voice acting so and so on some characters, but that made it feel more chilling and not hollywood style. It's a defo must play if you like horror, puzzle, adventure and out-of-the-norm games."
76561198049004735,Recommended,253110,30131043,Posted: 23 February,all,ninjagamer,"This game was mediocre for me. The game got a bit boring at times, too. There is no sprinting, so movement can become monotonous. The voice acting can be a bit stiff and hamfisted at times, too. Plus, the characters and their interactions can feel inorganic at times, too. Finally, some of the twists and surprises in this game did not get enough foreshadowing. However, some of the ideas in this game were very brilliant. If you like analyzing games on a literary level, then you will probably like this game. Generally, the game is good, so I guess I cant identify why I got bored. Maybe, because the play sessions were too long. Otherwise, I cant think of anymore faults this game has, and this review sucks so I should end it ASAP."
,Recommended,253110,12679063,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sparta,"This game was a surprising, an unexpectedly jarring.The visual style was quite jarring, but very effective.The sound seemed spot on.The narrative came across as a bit confusing and haphazard at first, but as the game went on things tied together.Going between the other and real world gave the whole game a very surreal quality.The ending- whichever one you get- ends up touching a very tender part of one's heart. Especially as someone who has felt similar to what Susan had...I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,253110,13983167,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Major Dick Harden,still one of my favorites.downfall aswell.
,Recommended,253110,17575600,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dieonik,I loved this game! If you are unsure check out my first video on The Cat Lady:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVLoe8gtmmw&list=PLXxY71InyRB4YapXuBFVj_QwE2zbPoWaD
,Recommended,253110,15576377,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Flusa,"EDIT:This is awesome, very emotional. I love the way the mental situation start to change while storie continue. As I said, the sound is awesome, I did not expected rock music. Nice!10/10"
76561198027328817,Recommended,253110,15286501,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,hallowedbethygame,Easily the most disturbing game I've ever played. 7/10. Would not play again.
76561198065223079,Recommended,253110,35458265,Posted: 3 October,all,Afro,"Amazing game. If anyone know other games like this please let me know.Here are a list of the ones I've played so far :The Walking deadFran BowThe Dream machineThe Silent AgeLife is StrangeBeyond two souls, now the games after this including Beyond arent exactly like this. But they have similarHeavy RainThe last of usAnd dont forget to let me know about any games like this if any of mines helped :)"
,Recommended,253110,9098046,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"3 hours in....This game is horror without relying on jump scares or things of that nature.  The horror comes in pure story form and the game is mostly an interactive story with some minor puzzle solving.  The story is morbid, interesting, and just ♥♥♥♥ing freaky.  The visual style is horror on LSD and is absolutely unfortgetable, you will remember this game until the day you die.  If you're a fan of horror or story heavy games I'd say this is a must buy.  Enjoying it a lot so far."
76561197995852677,Recommended,253110,7926778,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,DaisY,Best adventure game ever!If you have a soul you will buy it!!!
,Recommended,253110,8015802,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Your mom,Perfect journey into raw human emotions.
76561198014839167,Recommended,253110,10353573,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Mad Mod,"One of my top 10 games, i love it. buy it now"
76561198284884840,Not Recommended,253110,21715382,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,kbrown3930,"First of all, this game is pretty weird. It deals with the subject of suicide and depression.Even though I played the entire game, it really was not a great game. I mainly played it because I paid for it! I purchased it after reading some of the reviews because many people seemed to like this game. I guess the best part of it is that it is a unsual, different game with a lot of symbolism and creepy images and I suppose there is some type of real meaning the developers had in mind, but I stopped trying to figure it out after a while because the game went in so many weird directions it became sort of non-sensical.Cons1.The game crashed a number of times when I first started playing. I had to keep restarting (but at least the game saves where you leave off) so eventually I was able to play without too many problems after the intitial crashes.2. The graphics are pretty shoddy ..although since the game theme is suicide and depression, I guess the graphics worked to some degree.3. Moving is EXTREMELY SLOW. This was the worst part of this game for me. It takes forever to move ..which makes the game verrrrrry long and draggy.Beware, if you haven't already contemplated killing yourself, you will after this game!  YES, REALLY."
,Recommended,253110,17408463,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,mauiihan tc,yas
76561198041944911,Recommended,253110,12217987,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SuperGay KeK x'D,100/10 I Love this game. Is the best.
,Recommended,253110,11944515,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,fcopilarnunezbarosa,"I wasn't expecting much from this game when i bought it. But i got to say..its awesome. Its really a masterpiece, a little short but worth the price and time :)"
76561197998741374,Recommended,253110,11919419,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,lynzzfarm,"Totally different approach and graphics. It seems so strange, but I'll tell ya I was  dying to find out what was next. Some puzzle solving required to advance, they arent too hard. I love the sarcasm and the strange twists ,and turns the story takes. I think its definatly a unique horror/survival point and click , somewhat. It's sort of like the Walking dead , as far as gameplay and mulitple choice answers. Shocking and entertaining. I dont want to spoil it for anyone so I'll just leave it at that. Check it out"
,Recommended,253110,11963178,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Von Drunky,"Cat Lady is not a pretty game. It’s a noir tale of the aftermath of a failed suicide attempt. Great story telling, style and music.  The main characters get developed as you play, while others contribute to the gloomy atmosphere. Challenging puzzles and dialogue choices reminds me of old school adventure games.The game is mostly linear, good for one play-through, however some options  through the game leaves room for replay value. Think of this game as a novel you can interact with."
,Recommended,253110,10494479,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,T H I C C,"This is a brilliant game with exellent artwork, beautiful soundtrack, and an entralling story. i highly recommened playing, but it may leave you shocked and disoriented."
,Recommended,253110,10031670,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Outcast Of Reality,"Yes! I entirely think everyone should play this game it has,  this suspenseful psychological horror game features stylized artwork, a simple keyboard control method and English voice acting, plus a compelling, atmospheric, with amazing sound track music.The Cat Lady is about Susan Ashworth she has been suffering from depression she one day took a whole bottle of pills and died that very same day, she woke up in a field of Barley, and she was going into this tunnel which had no light at the end at all she had to go through this paths to ended up in a cabin in the woods, where the lady was she doesn't have a name but the gods call her the Queen of Maggots, giving Susan a second chance to live but gave her a gift of immorality. She has to get rid of these parasites I think about five of them.  Adventures await for whoever gets this game. I really do hope whoever enjoys this story.The storyline is so darn addicting."
76561198040081056,Not Recommended,253110,20104815,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MOCHI MOCHI,"Game text has multiple typos. Sound recording sounds like quality I could have gotten at home. The game lags horribly, and when it does, so does the music (it skips).This needed some polish before it got released."
76561198101115250,Not Recommended,253110,15657168,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,greytrek19,"While undeniably atmospheric and thought-provoking - in many ways more than almost any other game in recent years - The Cat Lady just isn't functional enough for me to recommend it. The gameplay is ponderous, the interface is unwieldy, and I too often had to fall back to the community forums to learn just what obscure trick I was supposed to employ in order to progress. I should note here that I did not bother to finish the game, as I didn't find it worth the frustration. That said, if you prioritize story, atmosphere, and/or philosophical engagement over all else, you may find it a valuable buy."
,Not Recommended,253110,35069856,Posted: 19 September,all,SwaggyBadger,"Honestly, the game started out great, but the dialogue quickly becomes boring and in the end, I really only feel like I spend most of my time waiting for the next gruesome scene.It's worth a buy on sale, but it's a very very slow game.  Wonderfully inspired, decently executed, great start, poor finish."
,Not Recommended,253110,30261266,Posted: 1 March,all,EPIC YAY,"Normally I enjoy games that are more narative than gameplay, more expression than competition. This, however, is an endurance test and little more. The concept is fine, and the aesthetics mostly work, but there's no reason to believe this was play tested with anyone who wasn't friends or relatives."
,Recommended,253110,11098362,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Equation™,"The Cat Lady - 9/10I have over 200 games on Steam but none seem to keep my interest for that long, but The Cat Lady has!Every night I've been making myself a nice cup of coffee, sitting down then progressing further into the dark story. Voice acting is fantastic, especially between our main character and her room mate (Mitsi) It feels like I'm watching a really good thriller but I'm controlling the actions.The art direction is really good, the music is great (I especially like the main menu music when you first boot up the game)The story is really what grabs you, whilst most games revolve around the gameplay whilst there story is lacking, The Cat Lady is the opposite in that it is the story that takes the front seat, This isn't to say the gameplay is bad, the gameplay is similiar to a point and click although you use the keyboard keys to move your character in a 2d fashion (WASD being the main keys)This is where my one complaint comes in, and the reason I scored this Masterpiece a 9 rather than a straight up 10. The controls do feel clunky, pressing down (or S) brings up your inventory, this feels sluggish and not as snappy as it should be.I really wanted to sit back in my chair with my nice hot coffee and play this using my pad... The game should be perfectly suited to a pad, move left and right, select objects, open inventory, but whats this? No controller support?I'm sure it would of been a simple thing to implement partial controller support, even a slight vibration feature on the pad when something jumps out (or even to reflect your characters heartbeat in the more tense sections)I know there is 3rd party software out there to be able to map keys to the pad but this would of been a nice inclusion from the start.But enough of my grumbling because that minor complaint is the only thing I can think of, This is one of the finest adventure games I have had the joy of playing since Grim Fandango & I look forward to future releases from this developer+ Fantastic Story+ Dark moody atmosphere+ Great Voice acting & music- Lack of controller support- Slightly clunky Keyboard controllsOverall9/10"
76561198084673842,Recommended,253110,8561284,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,e d  c h a m b e r s,"The finest adventure game I've played in a LONG time. Dark, witty, & crawling with cats. What's not to love? <3"
,Recommended,253110,16764725,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MissPokeMaster,This game is amazing. From the graphics to the accurate depiction of Susan and how she copes with her depression. A must play.
,Not Recommended,253110,20293121,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Onyrus,"I hate it when I follow seemingly spectacular reviews from many people, but then end up with a lackluster mess of an experience when I actually end up playing the game. TLDR at the end.PROS:Gritty and atmospheric at times (Con - one note in others)Some of the characters are voiced really well, and lend some much needed life to the drab and mostly colorless world.Some of the writing in the game is excellent, and evokes a sense of understanding and connectivity to humanity itself.CONS:The other characters that are voiced range from uninteresting to downright jarring and hideous (especially when it's in the case of one of the main characters in the story arch).The rest of the writing ranges from uninspired filler to something you might receive at the end of a fourth grade literacy examination.Terrible save system. Often you have no option to save (during cutscenes and conversations, which run through the majority of the game). At one point (luckily early in the game) I quit because I thought it would autosave, based on seeing no hint of a save menu. Only I found upon rebooting the game, that I had to restart from the beginning. For reference, in case you choose to get this game despite my warnings, it's the esc key. You can only use it during sections where you can move your character around.No skipping cutscenes/conversations. You must (space key) skip through the dialogue one piece at a time. For other things, such as scripted character movements, you must simply wait. Issues like these simply should not exist within games these days. There's no excuse.TLDR:The more I played, the more I realized I was wasting my time with something that would inevitably just continue to dissapoint me even further. If you're into self-pity and adolescent tantrum states, as well as a system which does not allow for adaptability to real-life eventualities (such as having to stop playing without advance notice) play this game. As someone who values his time, and wishes to save the time of other gamers, I cannot recommend this title."
,Not Recommended,253110,20348647,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,STIG,"This is interactive fiction for clinically depressed teenagers and the occasional nu-metal soundtrack hints to the real demographics of this game.There's not much of an adventure game, the mechanics and UI are quite basic and so are the few puzzles. The storyline that should in theory hold this up is, while captivating for a couple of chapters, gets quite cliché and silly towards the end. It's a story that would very much like you to think it has a deeper meaning, but comes out as quite banal reflections on regret and redemtion.I would have loved it if it went further in it's narrative concept, but as it is we are left with a brooding protagonist without much at all to say.From the glowing reviews here, I had expected more."
,Not Recommended,253110,21866564,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bender76,Nope
,Not Recommended,253110,8767583,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Angry Mandalorian,"Well, this is difficult. I would like to recommend Cat Lady, I really would. I appreciate what the game is trying to accomplish and tell; A story that takes you into the mindset of a depressive, suicidal woman with nothing keeping her in this world. Something different, mature and hard to behold. And that part of the game isreally good....but the gameplay is so horrible. The arrow keys are used to move in the one-dimensional world and use stuff in the game, but it is clunky and does not work well. The UI feels like it was modelled after an old adventure game and still screwed up.The gameplay fluctuates. Most of the time it is a traditional ""use key with lock""-adventuring, but sometimes the game introduces new features... and immidiately drops them after the chapter.All in all, The Cat Lady would have probably functioned better as a comic or an animation than a game. The art style is neat (even though the graphics feel a bit amateurish at some points), and the story is good, but there is no reason for the game to have a player playing it, apart from some bits of choice. But if you don't fear bad gameplay and are enamoured by the thematics of the game, go ahead and play it."
,Not Recommended,253110,14463149,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,foxyshadis,"Wow, was I ever misled by reviews on this one. The Cat Lady is so bland, slow, and uneventful that 90% of it feels like a walking simulator, the plot is so utterly random and often silly, and frankly it's ugly as hell. There's really nothing to solve, either, you just wander around and eventually bad things happen to you. Over and over.The story is actually kind of funny if you're really, really high, but then the rest of the game is even more insufferable. Just because it's indie and it's about angst doesn't mean it's any good.Everyone says that if you've been suicidal and depressed it'll hit home, but I've been there and it was still a total farce to me. If the main character didn't just shuffle everywhere, and if the writing didn't sound like it came out of a choose your own adventure book, maybe I could enjoy it. As it is, I don't know what everyone is smoking, but this game is terrible."
,Not Recommended,253110,18365218,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Atomicpiggy,"Pacing is very slow in between the bits of actual puzzle solving. Story is eh. Kinda all over the place and it feels like a bunch of traumatic experiences were thrown together to try and force some sort of empathy for the main character. The slow pacing makes some puzzles tedious. Also the fog area lagged my computer so terribly. There seems to be no fix for it except turning up the settings just to pass that one section.The mechanic for using items is a bit cumbersome. I wouldn't recommend this game if you do not have patience.If you like creepy gorey serial killer drama then it's worth a play. Otherwise for the average gamer I don't see this one being much of a hit.Also having a mental break down from microwaving a hamburger too long was pretty funny.EDIT: Finally finished the game and got the good ending. I think cutting down some of the repetitive dialog, speeding up the game play with a smoother item system, possibly making the walk cycle faster would really streamline the game to a point I'd recommend this to my friends."
,Not Recommended,253110,15498033,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,JediKurtikai,"This game is actually really decent. It dials back the graphics for an old school feel, but has a twisted and sometimes scary quality that catches you by surprise. The first half of it is actually fantastic.Then the story continues into a dull, badly written, d-list movie script that'll leave a bad taste in your mouth.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the story. It just seems like it started as a lit fuse to a bomb climax, but instead was a complete dud. For the price, it's worth checking out if you have some time to kill. Just don't set your hopes too high, you'll get reeled in and have the rug pulled from under you."
,Not Recommended,253110,16349765,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,babycakes,"I was very excited to begin playing the Cat Lady, but the laggy game engine rendered it nearly unplayable. That, coupled with the awkward resolution selections, completely disrupted my immersive experience for this dark and chilling environment. Such a shame. I had wanted to delve into the gripping story that everyone seems to rave about."
,Not Recommended,253110,15229055,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Win5get1free,"I really tried to like this game, I was expecting a really good indie horror/psyche study experience. I know it's more of an interactive novel than a game, so I won't really mention any of the gameplay other than the fact that it sometimes is clunky and that can detract heavily from the game. It's not very well optimized. Other than that, the game does what it is supposed to do very well, which is give you a solid mindset from the point of veiw of a depressed 40-something woman. The main character and her writing are very well done, and the rest of the story reflects that. The only problem with the spectacular writing for story and the main character is that it really points out the flaws and lackluster writing/voice acting in every other character. It really seems like all the characters are secondary thoughts, plot devices to only move the story further. Other than that, it's just a slow moving bummer. The story, like I said, does what it sets out to do very well, which is to show a clear and accurate look at depression. The story moves slow enough that it feels like time is meaningless because you will always have to deal with the troubles in the game. I opted to kill myself (by stopping playing the game) early, so I honestly can't say whether I know if the ending is better than the story and pacing. I can appreciate art, but theater of pain can only hold me for so long, and this game tried to hold me for longer than it was worth."
,Not Recommended,253110,18540194,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Shaladain,"I bought this game because it was recommended on Weekend Confirmed, I think. It seems like it could be an interesting story, but I found it to be pretty boring. It was shocking to be shocking and played like an old Sierra game. With limited gaming time I have other games to play."
76561198040047250,Not Recommended,253110,29933698,Posted: 14 February,all,WampaOnStaem,"This game is broken. It does not work on my system at best of times this 2d adventure game plays at 12 frames per second. Which is straight up criminal for a simple game like this. I have 6Gb of ram, a 940m GeForce graphics card, and an i7 processor.The game is not actually bad it just does not work it has an interesting story that I could never get to, because I would occassionally get 1 fps. This makes this game go slower than a microsoft power point. This is straight up criminal, because of what I did get to in the game was engaging maybe not for everyone but it was interesting."
,Not Recommended,253110,29068049,Posted: 6 January,all,trgz,"One character remarks ""Am I boring you?"", if the game had the opportunity to have asked me the very same then it'd be an emphatic ""Too right you are"".I can get over the poor graphics (think how the main character in the Blade Runner game was pixelized, looked out of place against the softer backgrounds and moved oddly and then scale that up quite a few factors) and the dialogue isn't too shocking (though some have remarked how good it is) but it simply trudges along at a snail's pace - maybe it's the intent of the designer to produce a game that makes you feel like like you're in the middle section of the 7th circle of Dante's Inferno, albeit a brief 5 hour, or so, stint."
76561197980099138,Not Recommended,253110,14486455,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Snowkatt,"I like horror games, but this game is deeply disturbing on a psychological level. I haven't finished it yet, but there's something about it that is really upsetting and makes me want to not play it. Haven't put my finger on exactly what it, and it's not just that your character kills herself at the beginning of the game."
,Not Recommended,253110,33438373,Posted: 10 July,all,Bramadan,Its just an ugly terrible mess with artistic pretensions. I can not think of anything good to say about it.
,Not Recommended,253110,15015117,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,LiLz,"After playing for 44 minutes, I gave up on ""The Cat Lady."" The game is very slow and the action is monotonous (basically, your character walks back and forth, very slowly). The graphics didn't capture my attention and, though the story may prove to be interesting, it's revealed so slowly that I stopped caring about it's development or outcome. I think the idea of a young woman who is so lost that suicide becomes an option and a choice to be reckoned with is interesting for a game. I just wish it held my attention enough to see it through."
,Not Recommended,253110,18646750,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,I don't see how this game could ever get a positive review
76561198054030101,Not Recommended,253110,20689829,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,lhouston,"Incredibly linear and just plain stupid.  Not scary, not thought provoking, just dumb."
,Not Recommended,253110,14023541,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,werdnasf,"Doesn't save automatically, and the graphics are not very good, and done at a very low resolution so the game runs as a tiny little window."
,Not Recommended,253110,30866444,Posted: 31 March,all,RodeoRain,"Bad voice acting, Terrible art that seems to be hodgepodge assembly of different styles. Extremely tedious"
,Not Recommended,253110,15571414,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"I'm a bit on the fence of whether or not I should recommend this game. It has an interesting story, but you can't skip cut scenes (and there are a LOT of them). It got really annoying when you can't save when you want to at any point. Your character's voice work is pretty good, but the more minor characters voices are just okay. There is big replay ability because your choices in the game determine which of MANY storylines you can have. The graphics aren't fabulous in this game. For some reason I expected better ones. I guess in the end I have more cons than pros when it comes to this game. If you want to buy it, wait until it goes on sale."
76561198095242029,Not Recommended,253110,16318335,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,WillowAkumu,"Not a Very High Expecting Game considering it Falls Under the Horror Game Section. If there is a Demo I recomend everyone Try the Demo First BEFORE Buying, You've been Warned."
76561198167265215,Not Recommended,253110,18653025,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ayunir,"Played for 15 minutes ... to boring with no see-able direction, uninstalled"
76561198019277373,Not Recommended,253110,31985986,Posted: 26 May,all,Nevara1013,"I just did not like this game. I found I could not relate in any way to this character and I did not find her story compelling. I didn't finish it. I got quite bored with it, to be honest."
76561198223426672,Not Recommended,253110,16455680,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,❥￭ ɮʊΤΤɛrfly ￭❥,Ehh ..... Graphics are bad.  HUGE disapointment...... Kinda  glitches as well.  It's  an okay game.... Glad i didnt waste alot of money on this game.4/10
76561197989499070,Not Recommended,253110,15406408,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Loken,"Very creative concept with excellent voice acting and atmosphere. Many will like it for that artistic value alone. I did.But on the gameplay side, the 2D view and the really simplistic controls just made the game too boring for me. There didn't seem to be any skill involved except for deductions involving the use of objects collected in the scenes. It was just too boring and linear for me. I put it down after just a short time so maybe it gets better later, but who cares? The game play was bad and that interrupted the pacing of an otherwise very interesting and original story. I leave it to others who have more patience, no thanks."
,Not Recommended,253110,19446276,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Trovão da Razão,"Ugly art, quirky controls, puzzles that are either too hard or too easy. The story seems very good, but nothing can redeem the wreck that remains."
,Not Recommended,253110,30348558,Posted: 5 March,all,Ravie27,"This had potential, and I was intruiged that David Firth (of Fat-Pie fame) was in it, but it's just a bit too rough and not really that fun - the story's not strong enough to carry it."
76561197970505130,Not Recommended,253110,30058081,Posted: 20 February,all,Boo Hoodie,"I just played this for 45 minutes and in that time, 45 seconds of interesting things happened. Do not recommend."
76561198257286117,Not Recommended,253110,31967516,Posted: 26 May,all,datobar89,"I seriously don't understand what all the hype was about. Sure, there were some things about the story that anyone could relate to, but the gameplay was incredibly disappointing. I bought this based off the reviews and rating and I feel deceived. It was only $5, but buying this is the equivalent as throwing it in the trash. I only finished the game because I startted it, but wow, what a tedious job it was. Save yourself 9 hours and don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,253110,28542758,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Marsy,"The reason I don't recomend this game is beause it is going so slow (not the history) but the movements. I can not thake the graphics down. I like what I've seen of the history. I had so much trouble to get it to play even if it only was in offline mode, so if it was smoother on my computer, then I might had liked it better."
76561197989839674,Not Recommended,253110,23142725,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,vasapo,"My acquaintance with this game began when Steam recommended it for me after I bought Fran Bow. The game's summary was very intriguing. It said the game is about a woman who decided to end her life and about her afterlife experience, or something like that, doesn't really matter. I personally enjoy games like that. Drawn-like 2d environment was very nice too, positive reviews were very promising, so I decided to buy this game too.When I played a game for a while, I felt, that I was fooled, so to speak. The first reason for that feeling is this. When you see an intro scene which lasts for 5 minutes, it's OK, but when you see such a scene or even a scene twice as long as an intro after every minute you were in controll of your character, this is really annoying. Also there might be a dialog followed by a cutscene, again followed by a dialog (like half an hour overall). This is really boring.Susan Ashworth, a character controlled by player, is extremely slow. It might seem that she is not only mentally ill, but also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I do not mean that scene when she took her medication. No, it's her ordinary behaviour to act and move slowly. So gameplay is reduced to this: move from one side of a room to another with speed of a turtle, have a long and boring conversation, watch a long cutscene, repeat again.Actually, there are some tough puzzles in the game, but they are not logical, you just need what they call ""non-standard thinking"" to solve them. There are also plenty of gameplay elements and puzzles which do not affect the game at all. Like the one with two rooms guarded by dolls or red and blue bars. Sometimes there is a red bar in a corner of the screen, which indicates Susan's mental state. When it overflows, Susan experiences mental breakdown, but no matter if she had a breakdown or not, the game just passes to a new chapter (after 30 min cutscene, of course).So I was hoping it's over when the game said ""You died"" or something like that when Susan shot herself. But, alas, not a chance! After another 5 minutes Susan returned from death, she was ""granted with a gift of immortality"" at the beginning of the game.  So I thought: this is enough for me and closed the game.Unless there are some plot twists, it is extremely simple: kill five bad men. That's it.So if you do not want to be bored to death, never ever waste your money for this. The game took half a day and I was controlling my character for half an hour or maybe less, so I wanted to spend another half to write this review as a warning to other players. Do not be confused. Do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,253110,28807929,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,gentletides,"So out of 19 minutes of game play, had an introduction which was interesting, managed to find a locked hut and a locked ambulance.  For the other 13 minutes my character just walked.... very slowly.... I've never been so bored by a game in my life."
76561198032828119,Not Recommended,253110,13336847,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,warmentat,"The Visuals are great, the music is fantastic, but the story and pacing are off.   I found the main character had 2 speeds : ""Rage"" and ""Eeyore"".When the protagonist DID behave amicably it seemed contrived.  I felt like I had to ""get through"" the game, but there are enjoyable parts.I would really like to reccomend The Cat Lady but I can't say the experience was ""finished"". There were fun parts but they did not outweigh the long winded monologues that had to restate their (non essetial) opinions several ways. Synoyms are great but hearing the same story 7 times with different words is not ""convincing"" it's annoying."
76561198015442086,Not Recommended,253110,13369613,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,cobrajin_plan,Its like reading a book where every now and then you get stuck and have to read the same page 10 times over until you notice something you never noticed before and are granted the privilage of moving on to the next page.Not the level of entertainment I am looking for in a video game.
76561198134664632,Not Recommended,253110,13930484,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,jsbn,"such a slow moving game with no way to really tell how to move forward with the plot.the gameplay is literally the arrow keys and enter but somehow you can never tell what you're suppose to be doing.very glad I bought it for 75% off, how can I get my money back!?!"
76561198096041018,Not Recommended,253110,28775135,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,787,"Just so you know... it's keyboard controls ONLY. No mouse, just keyboard."
,Not Recommended,253110,14045855,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,GekoPrime,The graphics are astonishingly bad. It's uncomfortable.I don't think it's an intentional design descisionThe atmosphere is Salad Fingers. I want to like it.
76561198000829027,Not Recommended,253110,16560122,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,"Fluffington P. Wembleydale, Esq.",Crashed 3 times in 20 minutes. Nope.
76561198028774495,Not Recommended,253110,16589234,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Malky,"The game seems to be interesting but it's very buggy! I've really tired of crashes, unsaved setting and sound troubles!"
,Not Recommended,253110,15164519,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,APA.minds,"I heard a lot about this game and started this game with big hopes and faced a huge disappointment- Its all about going back and forth , back and forth and again back and forth (not fun for me)- No mouse controls (its a PC game, why not mouse support)- Terrible menu and inventory design and placement (it looks odd)Also i think when i started this game i was expecting controls like other 2D games in the market ..  well this game has terrible controls.It didn't go well for me..."
,Not Recommended,253110,12920263,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Evaschia,"Maybe I'm just a bit confused. I love horror/horror-survival games. This one just wasn't my style, I guess. It felt clunky, and a bit confusing."
,Not Recommended,253110,16346540,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,astro,EVERYTHING IS ♥♥♥♥ING LOCKED. ♥♥♥♥ THIS STUPID♥♥♥♥♥GAME
76561198004531684,Not Recommended,253110,16738227,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,coronavitae,"Whenever I consider buying a new horror game or ""atmospheric"" minimalist game, I think ""will it be as bad as The Cat Lady?""The Cat Lady tries to sell itself as having bad graphics that hide a great story and/or gameplay, but that's just not true.The story is tired and overdone. Anyone that's watched horror movies or played any number of videogames won't find the ""life after death"" tropes interesting or new, and the dialogue and character development sounds like it was written by someone with the emotional depth of a high schooler. A main part of the plot is literally ""you didn't do enough to enjoy life and then you killed yourself so now you're being punished."" It's like a really longwinded ""YOLO.""The gameplay is basically what you would expect from a free online flash game. There are a lot of online flash games that are more recommendable than this one.In the end, it's not that the creators did a terrible job, but this quality of game (in terms of graphics, gameplay, story, etc.) is something you aren't normally expected to pay money for. Don't believe the hype."
76561198029828587,Not Recommended,253110,12536369,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Melancholic,"Sorry but no. I like what I think as a genre should be called 'narrative' ggames; I was charmed by Dear Esther, loved the Analgoue: the hate games and so on, but this is just terrible. I don't regard it is as a narrative game, or a puzzle game. I think of it more as a bad joke and as much as I love Steam they need to be forced to do refunds on the grounds they sure as ♥♥♥♥ don't do any quality control or janitor services. The games idea is great if you're into such things but it should of been handed over to someone/people who could excecute the concept properly.Looks are not everything but♥♥♥♥♥♥ this just ruins the concept. They should of just gone with static images and point or click, or even just text, anything but this. It's not a unique art style, it's just painful on the eyes."
76561198054104186,Not Recommended,253110,17425557,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,InfiniteBladez-,"What seemed to be a great story got crumbled by subpar voice acting and boring dialoge that leaves the player in a state of depression.As you start the game you get a brief summary about the main protagonist's life ""Susan Ashworth"" who is basically a depressed woman for unkown reasons, yes nothing is explained as to why she is depressed. It's just happened to be and you as a player should accept it. That's all well and good. As you apparently ""Die"" you get sent to a realm that is between ""Life and Death"" and you get to meet an Old Lady living alone in the woods. Here is where your NIGHTMARE begins. No I don't mean Susan's nightmare, I mean YOURS. you will be stuck in a 12-15 minutes boring♥♥♥♥♥dialoge that could have been toned down to 2-3 minutes. Susan and the Old lady keep going and arguing about points that are irrelevant to the story. ""You must do this!"", "" But I can't!!!"" ""But you must!!!"", ""I am willing to! But that's not me!"" Over and over and over they keep talking about the same point until you get literally depressed. And the voice acting is subpar at best. The old lady and Susan talk in the same goddamn monotone wavelength of sound that after a few minutes gets goddamn ♥♥♥♥ing boring.The controls : Another downside to the game. You are stuck with the keyboard's arrow keys. Yes no mouse. Just arrows and other keys. Why didn't they make it that you move with the WASD keys!? Who the ♥♥♥♥ uses arrows for movement!?The Resolution : You are stuck at 800x600 resolution 4:3. apparently you can stretch it to fit your 16:9 monitor but you will still be stuck with two giant black D**KS to the sides of your screen mocking you through your gameplay.Final Recommendation : If you can get past all those faults in the game, you will probably be left with an above average story. But other than that. No, don't try and don't buy this game. There are others in it's genre that are worth your time."
76561198142280620,Not Recommended,253110,14812352,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,cowabunga,I had high hopes for The Cat Lady only to find it doesn't support 1920x1080 resolution. In this day and age the developers should have considered this as it is a popular resoultion. Take my advice go play something else. I wasted my money!
76561197972442783,Not Recommended,253110,33297703,Posted: 5 July,all,Skarhead,"I know, I only put about 10 minutes into the game, however, I did not enjoy it at all.  The backdrops look well rendered, however, the main character looks aweful, like graphics from a Mac Classic, all pixelated.  I'm sure it's intentional, however, I think it looks aweful and takes away from the atmosphere as there is too much art separation.  I do enjoy puzzle/point-and-click adverntures (rusty lake, grim fandango, etc.), however, not this one.  The controls are aweful too, very very poor design.If you are really interested in the game get it on sale (like I did) so at least if you don't care for it you won't feel ripped off.I did not refund the game as I personally do not agree w/ that practice, however, I will not play it further.  It may get better later, from the pictures and videos it looked very promising, but I won't put more time into it.  I have a great many other games I'd rather play/enjoy.  This is a game that will remain in my library unplayed."
,Not Recommended,253110,17014273,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,margaret_friday,"I bought this one on summer sale because I love cats and horrors, but I was very disappointed. The game has nice artwork and music, but the gameplay is so crude and buggy that if I hadn't spent money on the game I would have dropped it after first chapter. Interacting with objects is counter-intuitive, there are way too many dialogs that bring nothing to the story, the story itself has a lot of plotholes. And cherry on top: in non-default language version that I played at first, there is a bug that made me stuck. Waste of time and money for anyone but the crew that made the game."
,Not Recommended,253110,17323820,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Moisty,"13 minutes, and I just can't continue.This game. makes me want. to vomit.I hate the 2D-ish gameplay, and this game is just... meh."
76561197962254086,Not Recommended,253110,14336112,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Peter,"Walking, and some more walking. Then u come to a door. CLOSED. Then you walk back....."
76561198169943357,Not Recommended,253110,17889574,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,carlablakey,Simply the worst game I've ever played
,Not Recommended,253110,34313384,Posted: 17 August,all,gimp,i guess this is supposed to be a sort of anti-suicide game.it had the opposite effect on me.
,Not Recommended,253110,15498028,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Big_EviL [PDM],I have never said anything negative about any game purchace I've made on Steam.
76561198067706330,Not Recommended,253110,9720053,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,rtodd23,"It's nowhere near as good as people are saying. The first part of the game is the best part. Later on there are very long passages of unfocused talking between two main characters. It's not all bad - there are some very imaginative scenes, and some very startling ones as well, and the notion of using a rather non-conventional heroine gives the game some gravitas. After finishing it, I'm really not sure if I am glad I played it or not."
,Not Recommended,253110,11994706,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chipwhacker25,Do not buy this game! It is a total waste of money. The gameplay is terrible and I wish I could get my money back.
76561197970767626,Not Recommended,253110,34358793,Posted: 19 August,all,evilbred,"This game is like a terrible flash game. Not worth playing even if free.First, it is locked to 800x600, as if it was a game from 1995. The supposed ""art"" everyone rants about looks like something from a vga 1994 point and click adventure game.I lit a cigar with $10 today, and buying this game was still the bigger waste of money."
76561198028443411,Not Recommended,253110,11222626,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Link2jr,"AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!! The graphics/audio/gameplay was downright disgraceful! This was not a videogame, it was my worst nightmare."
76561198004348055,Not Recommended,253110,9689876,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Goategg,Poor animation. Contrived story. Almost all images are pretty clearly ripped from some stock image site and run through a filter.Not worth more than a dollar.
76561197972282815,Not Recommended,253110,10400987,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,fussle,"This game is really bad, don't bother."
76561198013422997,Not Recommended,253110,9948989,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,capacsis,Please don't buy this trash!!
76561198028508815,Not Recommended,253110,30731110,Posted: 25 March,all,PatrickB,Crap
76561197994550296,Not Recommended,253110,8560812,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,{SOLID}♣{Mr Huggyface}♣,"This game is stupid. It tries to be indie and original but comes off just desperate. The dialogue is extremely slow and boring and there's no skipping it. It will have you pulling your hair out in frustration. Its actually buggy/laggy too despite have the graphics of a nintendo NES game.  Too bad, there IS potential there..."
,Not Recommended,253110,8105632,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Najo,Not GG
,Recommended,253110,18885244,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Master Oatmeal,"The last ""game"" I played that hit me like this was Dear Esther, and what that was lacking (length) was made up for here in The Cat Lady.The Cat Lady is a trip, one that is actually quite difficult to adequately describe. It always kept me guessing, I never had any clear idea of what would happen next and it actually ended up brigning me back day after day. You could probably play this in one sitting, but why would you want to? Letting the story sit with me day after day made it feel stronger. I'm not sure I can think of many games that would make me describe it that way.If I had any complaints it's that the game play isn't altogether challenging, but that's not really the point. The only other complaint I have is that the ending didn't feel quite as polished as the rest of it and we were left with one particular loose end, though that could have just been because of how I chose to play it.If you like horror, ambience, complex topics, and strong STRONG female characters who aren't just Ripley, this is a game you should check out."
,Recommended,253110,13873586,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dr.Niyora,"I probably hate point and click adventures but this game turned out to be quite nice, I mean it's really dark and sometimes extremly depressing(maybe triggering I'm not sure) but the whole atmosphere and especially the music fit so well ,you should probably give it a shot once it is on sale again. I usually give up very fast on this kind of games once I feel lost but it was so suspenseful tho so I thought I should keep on trying and I don't regret it at all."
,Recommended,253110,18900219,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ace Arcade,"GREAT indie game, deserves more attention. I recommend it!"
76561198119412090,Recommended,253110,30642132,Posted: 20 March,all,PeachiiPup,.
,Recommended,253110,18328250,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jezz//Darcia,Game it self is great as sountrack makes it even better. Game is very well bittersweetly sad but that´s why it is so beautiful sametime with art like visual graphics and atmosphere that keeps you playing it. Totally recommend this game.
,Recommended,253110,10402317,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dude Cakes,"Easy game, but holy crap the story is intense! If you don't mind playing an easy puzzle game you will be rewarded with a rich and very very dark story. One of the best morbid stories I've seen in the past couple of years."
,Recommended,253110,10364037,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ArchangelCas,"This has to be one of the most interesting and stylish games I have had the honor to play in a very long time. I love the dark, grainy appearance, the gritty style, the music, and the deep and engaging story that kept me 100% glued to my screen for hours. The characters are interesting, especially Susan and Mitzy, and you really feel for them throughout the entire game. In spite of the nostalgic and simplistic look in comparison to something like Skyrim or Watch Dogs, the true pull for this game is the story and it's ability to wrench your guts with intense feelings of sorrow, disgust, and eventually hope. It hits the mark on how it feels to suffer from depression, portraying it in a visually gripping and very real way, as well as being realistic in how much time and hard work is involved in recovering from deep, heart-shattering loss. I highly reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a good story, but I will admit freely that it can be triggering and isn't for the faint of heart."
,Recommended,253110,10359105,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Fox Tailed Critter,"Don't let the name fool you this game is messed up & disturbing in many ways with suicide, murder, insanity & more so just a warning 18+ only!I like it but I feel sometimes it can be a little too slow paced but the storyline is very nice & it disturbed me in a ""Silent hill"" way. As I said before the name might mislead you but give it a try if you're interested in a game with a great story/plot.But just a warning to the ADHD fast paced, bang bang, players this won't be the type of game for you. Anyways it's good 10/10."
76561198065201061,Recommended,253110,10372865,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,john.silver.007,"The Cat Lady. Best story ever in an adventure game I've ever played. Graphics, ambient sounds and music are very atmospheric. The game is quite long and has reasonable amout of challenge. It is not horror, but more like a thriller. If you like mistics and noir you will like this one. Unlike many stories these days this one is optimistic. The end of the story is sad but with great amount of hope and light. Thanks for the game and for the story, I really liked it."
,Recommended,253110,13173738,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Grim Gravy,"Bloody hell, that was an unusual game. It was kind of like participating in a movie. or a short t.v. series about suicide and depression....directed by Lynch or Kubrick.You're mostly playing for the story itself. It's just a point and click, trying to figure out what to do. Fairly easy.This game was not scary...just sometimes creepy. I suppose someone sensitive might find it scary.Controlling was very very very easy. Played with keyboard only.Most voice actors/actresses were great!Finished it in about 6 hours.Graphics are absolutely simple, but I found it rather unique and charming in its design.Motion sickness factor: zero.Would I recommend The Cat Lady? Absolutely! It was an interesting experience. It might not be for everyone. It's kind of difficult to say ""oh this type of gamer would like it"". I guess you just have to decide for yourself. :)"
,Recommended,253110,17003113,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,AMB 10,"The Cat Lady can best be described as a fever dream. It's definitely an unforgettable game.PROS+Deeply engrossing, mature plot with lots of twists and turns+Chaotic yet endearing visual style+Clever puzzles with no pixel huntingCONS-Awful voice acting-Dialogue sequences drag on for way too long-This game REALLY hates its male charactersFor starters, the game's plot is great. Main characters are well-defined, the narrative feels chaotic yet understandable, and there's a lot of depth to the storytelling and imagery. The game takes a while for it to get into full swing, but once it does, you'll be hooked until the end. The Cat Lady isn't a horror game in the sense of jumpscares and running from things; it's a quasi-lovecraftian horror, a mix of the macabre, claustrophobia, helplessness, queasiness, and frustration, with a loving heap of depression. Yes, this game is dreary-looking, and that's the point. It keeps you at the edge of your seat and makes your heart sink, and I can really respect that.The visual style is insane. There's not much consistency with the sprites. All the characters move like stop motion puppets and look like their limbs are held together with metal bars. Backgrounds are detailed yet blurry, Animations vary from choppy to dreamlike to ""someone went a little too hard on the tweening."" Faces are pixellated, but gore is not. Every single visual aspect of this game doesn't fit well, and this unsettling marriage of styles really gives the game its charm. It feels like those old-school point and click games from the 90s, when amateur pre-rendered animations were everywhere. The way the game's visuals disturb you on so many levels sets the tone nicely.The sound design is a mixed bag, and it's probably the worst part of this game. The music is very good and the ambient sounds create a lot of uneasiness. The songs that have lyrics, though, are annoying. It sounds like garage-quality industrial music, and it does little more than clutter up the game and add unnecessary fat to it.The aspect of the sound design I really HATE, though, is the voice acting. It's just all over the place, ranging from great to ""I'd rather just hold down the spacebar."" The pool of voice actors is diverse, but it's clear that some of the actors didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and others gave too much. Some of them use professional recording equipment, and others practically use a headset, complete with annoying background hum and hard P and S sounds. It really breaks the suspension of disbelief sometimes.This is amplified by the fact that dialogue sequences in The Cat Lady take way too long. The writing itself is, for the most part, good, but it takes so long to get through these lengthy sequences that it's easier to just skip the lines as you finish reading them. The first fifth of the game is so heavy in dialogue that it risks turning off a number of people.And then there's the issue with gender in this game. I'm not talking about some GamerGate feminism MRA misogyny crap. But it's clear to me that this game just hates its male characters. Don't get me wrong, I still love this game and recommend that more people play it, but I couldn't help but notice every male character is a one-dimensional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in some way. The female characters are very well-fleshed out, enough so to justify their own shortcomings and flaws, but this game tosses its dudes under the bus without even stopping to tell us why they're acting like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Let me make it clear that, even though I'm a guy, I don't find this threatening. All this boils down to the fact that the character definitions are a little too one-sided. I would have the same issue with this game if it were the women being portrayed as flat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with no redeeming qualities. This is simply an issue of defining your world. It makes no sense to have such a mature, deep narrative just to phone in the definitions of many of your characters.So, all in all, The Cat Lady is a game with some serious flaws, but it still shines so brightly that I can't help but to recommend it. It's dark, heavy, and it keeps you wanting more. It goes where few games will even venture."
,Recommended,253110,17084971,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Lawlielove,"It was a pretty interesting game and storyline. I'm not one to enjoy so much dialog. I feel like that's the only part of this game I struggled with. However, it was a pretty decent game."
,Recommended,253110,17020295,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mic check,Great story but the boice recording for some of the characters sounds like it was recorded on a potato.
,Recommended,253110,17103863,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,bugsy007,I haven't played this for awhile cause i'm afraid of losing my mind.
,Recommended,253110,17161923,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,deSelby,"Great game, great story!Although some hardcore adventure fans will find most puzzles in this game somewhat easy to solve, they will certainly appreciate the story.What is important about The Cat Lady is not the complicacy of puzzles but the complexity of those questions that this game is presenting you with.Don’t be mistaken it is not some kind of a philosophical treaty that will bombard you with information and questions all the way.In fact it is a game with pretty entertaining gameplay which is driven by a very well written scenario, laid out in  interestingly drawn and designed levels. It manages not only to create eerie atmosphere for its own sake but also uses it to touch on some serious topics."
76561198031041930,Recommended,253110,17199114,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Zany,"Disturbing, bleak, surreal, and ultimately uplifting are a few words I can use to describe my experience playing this game. A friend recomended I play this, and I'm very glad I did. There are some stories that stick in your head for days, weeks, maybe longer after you finish them, and after I sat through all the endings and did my final run, I have to say this is probably going to be one of them.It's not the most polished-looking but the use of color and the art style helps set the mood very well, and trust me you get used to it pretty quickly once you start playing. The music is also fantastic and helps set the mood for certain scenes, or instil a sense of dread, or that piano chord that always makes me jump a little...Voice acting for some of the characters is a little hit and miss, but you can either tune it out mentally, hit the spacebar, or think of it as part of the low-budget charm.Maybe it's not a masterpiece, but it does send chills up my spine and I'll admit to crying a bit (read: I was sobbing like a baby, but that just means I liked it.) near the end of the game. So if you don't mind creepy, and want a unique afternoon or two getting into the heads of these characters, I'll recomend this game easily!"
,Recommended,253110,16734444,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Abir,"So, I was a bit torn on recommending this game, as there are some things which really reflect a bit of a lack of polish. As such, I'll start with the technical bits of the game, as that's where it is the most lacking. I'll finish with the story, since that's the best (no spoilers).There are bugs which cause dialogue to repeat, minor graphical glitches, and the only option in the game is changing the level of SSAA. The bugs are rediculous when they happen (but can be kinda funny. Though this does kinda defeat the purpose of the depressing atmosphere), especially at one point when a character will have subtitles that say one thing, and their voice acting doesn't fit those subtitles, nor are they in any order that makes sense. SUBTITLES ARE A MUST HAVE, THEY MAKE MUCH MORE SENSE THAN SOME OF THE RECORDED DIALOGUE. The whole game is in 800x600 resolution, but it does have the ability to render at something like 5K and downsample, so the somewhat pixelated style doesn't alias much, which is nice. Even so, it's incredibly annoying that the game is only 800x600, since that means that the aspect ratio is 4:3, resulting in interpolation on 16:9 monitors. The game also has a locked framerate of 40 FPS, which is absolutely annoying to someone who notices that sort of thing. If the screen pans while you're walking (and you're used to 60 FPS) the whole thing feels stuttery because of the low framerate. However, this game isn't supposed to be technically impressive, so that's just nitpicking.Technical tl;dr - The game has some bugs,  but they're mostly overlookable with subtitles on. The framerate is locked at 40FPS. The video settings are awful, but no one expected them to be very deep.So now I've got the middle-child of the bad vs good. The meh gameplay. This is short, because while this game uses no cursor, it's a point-and-click adventure game. No one expects good gameplay in a point-and-click adventure. However, some animations on the protagonist are a bit jittery, and that would be in the technical portion of this review, but the game has the protagonist act as a sort of cursor, so it's more of a gameplay thing, since it's not really broken so much as it just slows down the gameplay even more in a way that just doesn't feel right. It'd be fine if she flowed slowly all the time.And finally the story. ""It's absolutely amazing"" is the best I can do without spoilers, as I haven't quite finished the game yet. The atmosphere fits perfectly with the whole theme of depression so well, that I can only play the game for a short time before I have to stop for a day or two just to cheer back up, which is quite the achievement for a game. I connected with the protagonist in a way that I find rather rare in modern games."
76561198002550309,Recommended,253110,16713008,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Alli893,10/10 Would press any key to live again.
,Recommended,253110,17361745,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dieann63,"When I first bought this game, I played for a bit and was bored to death.  I obviously did not give it enough time to pick up and show me the amazing game that it is.  Its TWISTED, and PYSCHO and Unique too.  I got hung up a few times, and had to go to a walk through, only to find out I was doing the right thing and must have had a glitch... Or I might not have added things in the right order. Im not sure. But, Im so glad I came back to this game a few months later.It has had me sucked in for hour! Susan is depressed and hates her life... So she ends it! Or so she thought. Now she is on a mental twisted journey and you get to tag along.I do not want to go into details, but this game seems crappy at first, the bird, I followed it over and over and got no where... then went to a walk through and saw that you YES.. follow the bird.  A few more times following the sucker and i got to the next area. So, it was either a glitch or you have to do something special that I just fell upon luckily.Following this bird and getting no where was why i quit the game when i first bought it.If you get stuck following the bird, dont give up.. cus the game is amazing.It is a bit mentally sick at times... I hope the developers are not serial killers!  I hope they are not getting these ideas from their past experiences....Youll seeSweet Dreams"
76561198006167184,Recommended,253110,18606672,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Cerandal,"Nice indie game with great storyline! It talks about topics like depression and suicide, which usually aren't seen in videogames, especially with such a mature approach. Not really hard, I was able to solve all the puzzles and I'm the guy who always needs a guide at some point, but it was the story and atmosphere which kept me playing straight to the end. Worth your money!Pros+ Great storyline and characters+ Good rythm, some surprises and tributes+ Mixes horror, a bit of drama and graphic adventure really well+ You'll really want to kill those parasites+ Some of your choices will matter, giving you a few different endings, not sure if two or threeCons- Graphics could have been improved, even keeping the style, which was actually good- Slow paced, don't expect fast action most of the time- Maybe not suited for the faint harded because of some scenes"
76561198025429539,Recommended,253110,18818108,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Shiny Mae,"At first I was not sure I would like the game but I quickly got into the story. Scary at times, can be down right disturbing, but also really touching and the main character is relatible to anyone with any idea about depression. I cried a couple times and especially at the end."
76561198037024267,Recommended,253110,18464487,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Xeno God 115,"Very atmospheric, sometimes scary, very dark, andd overall reminded me persoanlly of a dark comic book anti hero story, kinda. Lovley characters and a great story with good voice acting, and a raoring soundtrack. Some of the sounds that play are not too good, such as the slender jumpscare noise happening quite a few times. Overall 9/10 great game but not for people more into shooters, more for people into story based games or horror/puzzle games."
76561198075646035,Recommended,253110,18368154,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Fuck the King,"I cannot say enough good things about 'The Cat Lady.' It's an atypical point-and-click puzzle/adventure game without the actual pointing and clicking (the entire game is played only with the arrows and enter key). What separates The Cat Lady from the typical point-and-click game is the story. It is an extremely well-written story about a cat lady who is called upon by Death to kill a few bad people. The game is rather scary at times, but what is most intriguing is the atmosphere created by its jagged art and eerie music.I was lucky enough to find this game on sale, but with the amount of time I've gotten from it, it's easily worth the $9.99.I give The Cat Lady a 10/10."
,Recommended,253110,18347664,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Macabre, depression, film noir. Those three words describe perfectly what you're about to experience in the Cat Lady. At first it doesn't seem like much with its abstract graphics but it gets so immersive you cannot get up before you finish it! Has three different endings, all of which is are amazing (and grim). Totally a must!"
,Recommended,253110,18389319,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Grifisse,"Picking up this game, I was incredibly disappointed by the first 1 and a half chapter. The pacing was slow, the voice acting awkward and the characters so cliché it was awful to witness.However, I still found this particular pick of protagonist so interesting. Most horror games either have this handsome, yet troubled young man or maybe a gorgeous, yet a bit disturbed teenage girl to play as. So why pick a horribly depressed mid-40ies cat lady, out of all people? I just had to find out.I decided to continue playing and I grew to love the game. The dialogue between the characters (especially Susan's inner monologue) was brilliantly written - while the game continued to be slow paced, the plot started to pick up throughout chapter 3 and this all turned out to be a fine, refreshing piece of horror with some remarkable endings.Some might find the graphics a bit simple, some would even call it rough, but the more I played, the more I realized that  it fit the story perfectly.The puzzles were satisfying - not too challenging (sorry to upset the puzzle lovers here), yet it left you thinking for a bit and unlike some horror games, the puzzles were relevant to the story.I must admit, the greatest part of the game was how this little piece of game contained so many life lessons. How I learned the different perspectives of life. That you can be in the worst place of your life, wanting to end it all, yet you may be able to get through all this pain and find that one thing that makes you want to give life a second chance after all.All in all, it was a raw experience that I'm glad to have been a part of and I'm so glad I gave this game another go.7 out of 10 from me."
76561198107896453,Recommended,253110,18405955,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,blindman03,"Very unique game, very happy i bought it, it was a great story, and so much different from anything ive played, definetly recommend"
,Recommended,253110,18570210,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,nanoUSB,"This game has nothing to offer when it comes to gameplay. It's pretty much walk around, look for interactive spots and try things out while trying to apply common sense. It's not hard by any stretch of imagination, any puzzle can be solved relatively quickly. It's even simpler than any point n click game I've ever played since you're literally only moving horizontally and can't miss anything you could interact with.But that's obviously not the point of this game.It is more of an interactive, relatively short story that has some replay value due to plenty of different outcomes from all the choices you have. Some are rather irrelevant, some are quite important to the story.But what hooked me up the most is the ever shifting atmosphere of the game.You have so many moods in it; very depressing moments, surreal sceneries, delight, happiness, humour as well as some jump scares and gory scenes. The soundtrack is just on par when it comed to mood induction. There were some scenes that even brought a tear to my eye especially the golden ending.I'm not one of those intellectual snobs that babble about this game for how deep or shallow it is, but I do enjoy the philosophical aspect of it that made me appreciate a few things in life I haven't given thought before.The controls feel strange at first, especially handling the inventory, but they're so simple that you can get used to it in no time. And since it only requires 7 keys (arrows, enter, escape and space) you can use joy2key or similar tools to map the controls to just about any controller you want if you don't like keyboard controls.The only actual complaint I' have up is the awful sound mixing of the voices. Not the voice actors themselves, I think they've been great choices, but their mastering, or sound levels. I have no idea about correct terms here, sorry. But there's NPCs whose voices seem to be just raw footage. And then there's some that are just awfully loud compared to everything else. Others seem to lack any trace of bass, which hurts. And the antagonists of chapter 4 have really weird sfx on them.All in all The Cat Lady is a very bittersweet story that I gladly recommend to anyone who's not an audiophhile and in the mood for gloomy entertainment."
76561198055499616,Recommended,253110,18570669,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,canaan banana,"One of the most odd games I've ever played but beautiful at times.  If you have the patience for the interface, baffling game logic, and screwy meandering plot give it a shot."
,Recommended,253110,17119472,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Changle,In this game house cats somehow kill a crazy guy with a hammer because you play a piano.
76561198013865579,Recommended,253110,17129292,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,nilen435,Really like it. I liked the depressing atmosphere and the tragic history in with you find yourself. It gets so rewarding to take down all the murderers that crosses your path. The story is great and dark. I like point and click adventures and to try to solve all the puzzels but I from time to time looked up some of the solutions becouse I feelt they where not that intresting or logical or easy for that matter. If nothing else I would recomend to have a walkthrough at your side to just follow the story. it really pays of after a while.
76561198067453194,Recommended,253110,12819951,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,KroeboCop,One of the best games I have EVER played. A must have! 9/10
76561198153638414,Recommended,253110,20853878,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Trup757,"This game is incredible. It's dark, dramatic, disturbing, creepy, and also beautiful. The voice acting is great in my opinion, the music amazing, the art fits the story very very well.However, you should NOT play this game if you often use the word 'trigger'.  This game touches on a lot of sensitive subjects and should only be played by mature adults."
,Recommended,253110,20832696,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,limE :>,"Soo deep, so dark. I love it"
,Recommended,253110,15960922,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,D. Gazeebs,"As the game begins, we find our depressed, bitter, and cynical protagonist Susan Ashworth on the floor of her flat. Susan has just downed 34 sleeping pills in an attempt to end her life and she passes from the world but is plucked from the brink of death by a supernatural being who tasks her with finding and killing 5 individuals who thrive on the pain and suffering of others. Susan finds out that she has a crucial advantage over these ""parasites,"" as the narrative calls them: she cannot die. In fact, throughout the game Susan will be maimed and killed in brutal ways but shortly comes back to life, unscathed. You might think that this takes away from the game's tension, but it only adds to the atmosphere. Susan's life is a living hell, partially of her own creation, and she has no escape from it.The game deals with some pretty heavy issues such as depression, suicide, substance abuse, and many other typical ""adult fears."" Although it has several moments that are borderline or full-blown jump scares, most of the horror comes from what the game puts right in front of you, plain to see. The game runs at a low resolution and the character animations are somewhat jerky, but part of me believes that this was an aesthetic choice and the game works beautifully even with said limitations. The narrative is excellent, if short (I finished in 7.5 hours) and even manages to be somewhat uplifting when all is said and done. I'd recommend it to any fans of classic adventure games or fans of horror in general. It's one of those low-profile gems that is a rarity in modern gaming. It will stick with you LONG after you stop playing."
,Recommended,253110,16820140,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Fompter,"This is really fantastic. Great cinematics, writing and music. It's like a point-and-click adventure, but only allows the keyboard for movement and interaction with objects and inventory."
,Recommended,253110,15536392,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Summer Snow,"Ok, I originally had a thumbs down on this, but I've now fully finished the game, and the story was so good, I'll give it a thumbs up, but with some MASSIVE caveats, which are:-The controls are simple, yet so annoying. It took me longer than it should have to get used to them. (I'm aware that it just might be me, but bleh).-The voice acting was great but there was some mic feedback in some of the recordings.-there were a few storyline errors: the spelling of the street was inconsistent, the main character's title began flipping back and forth before it made sense in the plot, etc.-the game would often choke on its own animations when there was a lot going on. At one point I'd even thought the game had jammed entirely, and needlessly reloaded.-On that note, I found it annoying that a couple of (minor) plot devices had been invented just to excuse the lack of animations at time. The double whammy of choking animations and leaving animations out was a bit much.-I really dislike not being able to Alt+Tab out of the game if I need to. I had to plug something into my PC at one point and it forced me out of the game. I then had no choice but to Crtl+Alt+Del and restart.-Not being able to save to the same save file was really annoying (did I miss something?), but when I realised how easy it is to make a choice that makes progressing in the plot impossible, I didn't mind so much. I did enjoy how you could save when not in dialogue, but there is a *lot* of dialogue...I know most of these things are minor, but they really started to pile up after a while.HAVING SAID THAT! the story was honestly so good that I sat here and essentially marathoned myself through this game. It's been years since I've felt so immersed in a game that I felt the need to finish it all at once, or otherwise as quickly as possible. Even beyond games, there's not much that I've been as engrossed in for a very long time. What a plot.The art style was something I actually disliked at first, but it quickly grew on me as well. I watched a friend play through part of it, however, and there were quite a few visual glitches.This game is definitely something I'd recommend to patient people who don't mind unpolished games and enjoy horrors, thrillers, or something with darker themes. For everyone else... well you can assess whether it's worth the gamble, but I'd say it is if you get it on sale. The game needs a lot more optimisation before I could recommend it for full price."
76561198121349768,Recommended,253110,16214272,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nerix,"I love this game, its creepy, dark, and has a good storyline."
,Recommended,253110,16343173,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Frostfyre Akali,"Crazy awesome, One of my new favorite games of all time."
76561198057687629,Recommended,253110,16261264,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Banci,this was a great game best point and click i have played in ages. the storys great and all the characters are very convincing. best 7 quid ive ever spent on a game.
76561198010939705,Recommended,253110,16265705,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AstroDave,Not recommended for fans of Monkey Island as players won't laugh during the walkthrough: the story is really dark and the graphics is gory. After getting familiar with the strange control you get an amazing story for adults with an awesome soundtrack. It's a true (black) gem!
76561198011763860,Recommended,253110,16113800,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[OD] Ataru73,Very nice story and voice acting.The atmosphere reminded me of Silent Hill somewhat.Very recommended.
,Recommended,253110,16080841,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,"amazing story. ''more enjoyable story than most of AAA games''great music.that amazing creepy feeling.decision making.amazing art.unforgettable main characters.and again a great story.and for the negative reviews about not being able to pass cut cut scenes, which i have no idea why would you want to. just keep holding the spacebar."
,Recommended,253110,16091603,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ah Shiat!?,"If you like being sad, Stephen king, cats.  Buy this game!!"
,Recommended,253110,16091826,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Iggabeth,"I really enjoyed this game. Puzzle game with the perfect amount of creepy. Play if you want a little horror, some deep insights on life, and want to use your brain a little. Always follow the crow!!"
76561198161487033,Recommended,253110,16162260,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ZombieMousy,I really enjoyed playing this game.The story was very interesting!
,Recommended,253110,16177283,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Skelly Maibe,"I actually really enjoyed this game.I suffer from depression, so I was able to relate to my character on some levels.Definitely not your typical bubbly character!Very dark and gory at some points.Admittedly the dialogue ran on a bit too long sometimes.And it slowed down immensely at some parts (that may have been my laptop, but I'm certain it wasnt!).But all in all? cant complain.Im more the type for the ridiculously awful, horrific endings.But it was nice to see this one end on a positive note!"
,Recommended,253110,15631389,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ParanoidBug,"Freaky, creepy and amazing. Love the story and the soudtrack just make it a complete emotional journey. So underrated."
76561198168853433,Recommended,253110,15634163,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,jsCP94,"A little polish, and this game would be a masterpieceEven though I saw a LP of this game before playing, I still thoroughly enjoyed playing it myself.The Cat Lady is a dark adventure game starring Susan Ashworth, a woman who committed suicide and is offered a second chance by a mysterious lady who calls herself the Queen of Maggots. She says that Susan must kill 5 people called the Parasites. What happens next...must be experienced for yourself.Of course this goes without saying, there is minimal gamplay here. It's just puzzle solving/fetch quests. The appeal of the game is the story and characters. The gem of this game is, in my opinion, the platonic chemistry between the protagonist and Mitzi, a woman who becomes Susan's roomate. She has a dark charm to her, and her views on the world along with her sense of humor works wonderfully with the dialogue between her and Susan. They are similar, and yet different enough such that I can emotionally invest in them (it doesn't sound like Susan is talking to a mirror). The other benefit of this relationship is that gives Susan a 3d personality. She likes to close herself to the world, but isn't willing to completely give up on it. She knows that there are good people  in the world, and, after some caution, decides to open herself up to Mitzi, leading to the root of Susan's despair (while the plot goes off the deep end, I might add). Be prepared for the story that goes to some dark, crazy, creepy places. I enjoyed the violent, disturbing imagery and symbolism because it matches the tone and atmosphere of the story. It gives me something to think about, for it is somewhat abstract and cryptic. The aesthetics are rudimentary, black/white graphics with selective coloring, which again, compliments the tone and atmosphere.What I believe could have been better is a more seamless transition with the animation. There are many spots where there's an awkward delay. For example, moving Susan to chair so she can sit and talk with Mitzi results in her being frozen in place for a few seconds before actually sitting down. A similar issue exists with the dialogue; there are awkward pauses throughout. In addition, this may be because of concerns with audio quality (the developer not wanting the voice actors/actresses blowing out the microphone), but the volume of the voice actors/actresses are inconsistent. What I mean is, the subtitles sometimes indicate yelling, but the actor/actress isn't really yelling. A very small thing, but I would like to be able to delete my save files and turn on/off subtitles during any point in the game.The one big fault I found with the game was its tie-in with the creator's previous game, Downfall. I don't mind an easter egg or eggs referring to the game. What I do mind is my encounter with Joe Davis, which felt out-of-place with the story as a whole. It came off as tacked-on with no real connection to the game other than more violent, disturbing imagery.All-in-all, this game, I believe, really nailed the characters, particularly the back-and-forth between Susan and Mitzi. It showed Susan as someone who is going through depression (not just the sadness and the morbid mindset, but the hope of trusting in people again). The story was enjoyably messed up, but never over-the-top violent, and had an emotional pay-off."
,Recommended,253110,15205939,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,GamePlayShare,"I ussualy dont play indie games because mostly they are overprised hipster♥♥♥♥♥♥But this one is really good.You can complete game  in different ways.Be prepared for lot of text and the game is like audio visual novel.The game itself is depressing and you feel like game's character.But its kinda overprised (wait till its on sale) and not optimized (framerate is is jumping around 25-35 FPS, but its not afecting gameplay).Waiting for the release of DownFall as it have connections to this game.8/10"
,Recommended,253110,13887653,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,QueenBowie,"This indie game is a bit rough around the edges, but the dark story line more than made up for its technical shortcomings.You are Susan; a miserable and lonely woman who commits suicide. Only, instead of eternal rest, you 'wake' into a strange afterlife and find yourself being coerced into a job by the mysterious ""Maggot Queen"". If you refuse, you will be punished with immortality."
,Recommended,253110,13920076,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Cogbro,"Dark, raw, grim, and twisted. Emotional and depressing at times.  Intersting concept, but feels slightly rushed at times. Graphics are a bit lacking, but only add to the very story they are trying to portray. Controls are a bit wierd (no mouse) but are easy to adapt to, as buttons are limited to up, down, left, right, esc, and enter. Saves are limited to 50 total, so be sure to make a new folder in your saves and move old saves there, as it doesn't notify you when saves are no longer possible. Overall, worth picking up and giving it a spin.7.5/10"
76561198082484693,Recommended,253110,13926162,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Publius Quinctillius Varus,"Unexpectedly brilliant. The start may be slow and confusing but it pays off to be patient with this one,"
76561198059152033,Recommended,253110,13928732,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kattsynn,"All the mind-f***ery. Awesome Puzzles, kool action, did I mention all the mind-f***ing?"
,Recommended,253110,13929992,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,oneromkire,"Wonderful horror game. Simple control interface let's you focus on the story, music, and the eerie atmosphere of the game in general. Makes the hours pass unnoticed."
,Recommended,253110,13930415,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Corvid_,"The Cat Lady's plot is best experienced alongside the atmosphere of the game so I won't write a long-drawn out review that glosses over it and I'll cut straight to the point:It's hard to find a game so atmospheric as this one and one that affected me so much. The disturbing aspects weren't played to hyperbole and still retained genuine shock value that very few other games can create. Alongside that, I found the most believable and human relationships in a video game from the friendship you see between the protagonists.The Cat Lady is best described as a psychological adventure/horror and while there is no actual pointing and clicking involved it comes very close to a point-and-click game. Though there are a few puzzles here and there, they're nothing too difficult or are they ones that require a good chunk of your time to sit and think about before solving. This creates a near-perfect set up for leaving you with minimal frustrations and distractions to take away your experience of this truly disturbing game that is character-driven and poignant to the very end.Pros:+Well-worth the price for the amount of hours a typical playthrough can take + the multiple endings and dialogue options+Artwork is unique and immersive when combined+Simple controls+Character-driven+Puzzle difficulty is varying but it never gets too hard or easy and presents a moderate challenge to players+Disturbing without having to delve into too many cliches of horror/thriller+When the voice acting is good, IT'S GOOD. All accents can be understood and are variedCons:-Backtracking in some areas can become particularly annoying and very few hints are given-Jump-scares, although in third-person and won't make anybody fly out of their seat, are frequent within the first few chapters and played with a chord that takes away from all subtlety to the point of annoyance-When the voice acting is bad, it becomes painful to listen to and cringe-worthy-Music is BAD and repetitive and the sounds are hollow and in low qualityI recommend this game for anyone who can take a bit of gore and disturbing element, and anyone who is tired of bad plots and unbelievable characters and wanting something /more/ from their indie adventure games."
,Recommended,253110,13353460,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MozzaBurger,"Well... it is a good game yes. Although there's a few immersion breaking things. Music and sound loudness, transition and choice are questionable at times and voice acting has its ups and downs. You can feel the lack of budget. Overall if you get it on sale it's really worth the experience. It's dark, gory, mature.Could be indie GOTY material with a little more budget and a proper game engine that doesn't frustrate you with the menu, saves, and the cheap feeling :)"
,Recommended,253110,14060470,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,WyggleWyrm,"Amazing game.  Extremely immersive.  My only complaint is that some of the puzzles have very specific solutions that are not particularly intuitive.  They could be done several easier ways, but only one way actually works.  Overall I loved it though."
76561198139408649,Recommended,253110,13932245,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ablutomaniac,"Every once in a while, I find a game so imersive that I have to get out of it and stare at the wall for a few hours. This isn't easy with games; their nature lures you along for the ride and its difficult to put them in the freezer.Of the games I've played on steam, two fit this description: Amnesia (which, admittedly, hasn't clocked even fifteen minutes from me) and The Cat Lady.In all honesty, there are many reviews better than this one, but many of the elements I could criticize add to the aura of this game.The gameplay and artform take a few minutes to grow accustomed to, but causes the entire experience to feel heavy and bleak. This greatly portrays a status of depression that few can get right.A few times, I caught myself mulling over the voice actors; some of their tones come across as forced and out of sync with the situation, but, looking back, this is understandable. Susan and Mitzy stray away from human contact. They don't want to converse with another, and in some cases don't want to be alive at all.For those of you looking for a fast-paced horror experience, this is not the game for you (go play dead space or something). The fog of this game isn't something you can simply eliminate. There are jump scares, but not the sort that leave you laughing after the threat lies dead at your feet. They hang over you as Susan walks down yet another dark alley."
,Recommended,253110,14093509,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mays-Senpai,"I absolutely loved this game. I'd recommend this to people wo are into more psychological game type settings. It handled real world problems well and gave me ""keep on keepin' on"" vibes."
76561198020746125,Recommended,253110,13397362,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cake,"Emotionally powerful story in a genuinely creepy horror setting. One of the most twisted and well-written games I've ever played. Strongly recommended.Also praiseworthy for having puzzles that make sense and add to the story, unlike most games I've played recently..."
76561197972977075,Recommended,253110,14274853,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rock Bottom,A dark story that really grabs you.
,Recommended,253110,14254055,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,A.Zombi.McTaggart,"This is an amazing game with an enthralling storyline (mental/physical health). It's very suspensful at times and has a very interesting artistic style. Not to mention, it has many memorable characters...All-in-all, it's a game worth purchasing and playing for yourself. I highly recommend it!"
76561198025258075,Recommended,253110,14254686,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lunarkin,"Dark, deep, twisted, with a handfull of horror and a whole lot more emotion.The Cat Lady is a game with a gripping storyline and memorable characters that touches deep in a very profound way. It focuses upon some pretty heavy topics, especially suicide, but has some truly beautiful and powerful moments that can be quite eye opening about human instincts/fear/emotions.The voices are great, the style is simplistic while still being unique and amazing, the characterse are well developed and easily attachable and the soundtrack is awesome. Definitely a must play and one really magnificent masterpiece."
,Recommended,253110,13888794,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Betty,"So just finished playing this game, and lemme tell you, IT IS A GEM. I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves a good thrilly/horror story. 5/5"
76561198134720393,Recommended,253110,13891851,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,cottoniscomfy,Funky. I liked it.
76561198070736865,Recommended,253110,13893009,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Professor Bombchu,"This was a fun little point-and-click. It warns about horror/gore but it's pretty light on those (for adults and those without nervous dispositions, anyway). Still the story was engrossing and I enjoyed the mindf--k of the supernatural elements. My only complaints are that my subtitles disappeared partway through Chapter 6 and there's one character in particular with terrible voice acting - you'll know which one when you get to them, trust me. (Sorry, game people). For the most part I enjoyed the kitschy art, but on occasion some things will make you wonder if it's ""stylised"" or just badly drawn."
,Recommended,253110,14039132,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Muze,"I totally love this game, its dark, gritty with a slight twist of gore mixed into a fabolous and well thought out storyline. well deisgned and has a brilliant soundtrack that fits the game so well."
,Recommended,253110,13987943,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,drunkchan,I've never played a game where the characters showed the depravity and evilness that's within us all. I've also never played a game where the dialogue between characters was so genuine and honest.
76561198152814396,Recommended,253110,13962159,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,KimsCurious,"This little game is worth it's weight in gold. Great story to it, quite challenging at times and simple to play. It's all about the design, atmosphere and story in this game, so if that's you're cup of tea then I would recommend 100%!!!Susan is such a tragic character, who is so easy to relate to, especially if you have ever suffered from any form of depression. I appaud you Harvester Games for creating something so heart wrenching, and often frightening as The Cat Lady."
76561197982902372,Recommended,253110,15539562,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ab'deg,First point & click game to scare me. Very touching and immersive story.I recommend playing it during the annual autumn darkness and depression for added depth.Would definitely recommend. 10/10
,Recommended,253110,27306928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marco Marco,One of the best game out there with Downfall hands down
76561197970929933,Recommended,253110,27321811,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flek,A little bit more disturbing than it may seem.
,Recommended,253110,27320662,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arafel,One of my favorite games <3
76561198281974735,Recommended,253110,30933221,Posted: 3 April,all,lukatjac,"Watch out for Gladys. That ♥♥♥♥♥ cleaved me in the face.A dark game with themes of depression and death. I was so invested in this game, even when I pussied out, and I replayed it to get all the endings and achievements.10/10 would spear psychopath doctor again"
76561198068739720,Recommended,253110,27384400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Teivell,I really loved this game - one of my favorites.
76561198071569589,Recommended,253110,27407849,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pepper Messiah,My favorite horror game..! It has a nicely crafted story and features disturbing characters and imagery. Cleaver lady still haunts me!
76561198110227363,Recommended,253110,27023449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I'm a creep,"Interesting, distressing, moving, immersive, bizarre, supernatural, suspensefull game. I'm really glad I found it and I recommend it."
76561198330148960,Recommended,253110,26172008,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,angelfoxtwix,"Excellent game, the storyline is emotional, deep, and even at times relatable.  I would recommend this to anyone who loves good horror-themed stories. There were a few buggy moments in the game like when I was suppose to go out to the van to get kidnapped by the Pest Control guy and my direction keys were not cooperating. But other than that, the game works good. I haven't played ""Downfall"" yet, But i am going to save up for that one later after seeing a couple of Let's Plays on it and I am looking forward to more work from this game developer down the line."
76561198214327209,Recommended,253110,26174984,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,LadyCrow13,Delightfully suspenseful
76561197972130959,Recommended,253110,26801273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,the Greed,"Pros:Creepy atmosphereCreepy storyDeep story and interesting charactersMultiple endings(based on choices you make)Cons:The textures and animations are not the best that could be. But this also add to the creepy atmosphere.Some parts are a bit hard to figure out what the game wants you to do.(like all point and click games)Conclusion:If you are not put off by horror games, this one is a must play."
,Recommended,253110,25281755,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Andros,"The cat lady is a great horror/story driven game, the plot, settings and characters are very well crafted and you can easily manage of empathise  with the main character Susan and feel for her sad story and mental condition.Puzzles are simple but still not too much and there is some point where you have to think what to do. Unfortunately it has a couple of problems the major one is the clearly low budget of the production which affected especially the voice acting , the main characters are ok but still you can hear that they used low quality mics to record. Despite this it's a great short story, one of the best indie games I played capable of narrating a tale of delicate themes such as death and depression in an incredible emotional way."
,Recommended,253110,26594795,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),"This game is enjoyable. The story is unique, and deep."
,Recommended,253110,26589064,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Lili Moon,"It has a few bugs, most of which are just frame drops during certain parts, but all in all this game has fun gameplay and an interesting story. Well worth a play."
76561197988530756,Recommended,253110,26598859,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,frankipanki,"A close look into the mind of a schizophrenic person. Nothing is real. Everything is real. Unforgettable experience. Very, very, very good. Story, style, gameplay and graphics - excellent, beautiful, weird, perverted, creepy, disturbing, violent, unsettling, in one word, great! You can never guess what is going to happen next ...If you are into things like Twin Peaks, or Salad Fingers, to mention just some random ""psychologically"" intriguing stuff, this will be your kind of game ... Voice acting is kind of amateurish sometimes, but who cares (obviously they didn't use professional mics and/or did their recordings in somebody's living room). Plus sometimes the game is lagging a bit, but again, who cares.And don't forget to play Downfall as well!"
76561198048233792,Recommended,253110,27026408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,G-Money Dope,"I don't know how I haven't reviewed this game yet. I can't recommend it enough. This is easily my most cherished game experience. The Cat Lady is a love letter to all those suffering from depression and anxiety. It's not delicate or pretty, it doesn't tiptoe around the subject. Depression is horrifying and ugly, but the game shows us that the people who suffer from it are not. In fact, they can be strong and beautiful, all the while slogging through the muck.The Cat Lady gives a powerfully, metaphorically accurate depiction of what it feels like to have depression and anxiety, but unlike some depression-centric games, this one offers a hopeful message: there is healing, there is light at the end of the tunnel, we can defeat it. Oh, and also the music is outstanding and absolutely perfect. The Cat Lady will change your life, and you'll like what it becomes."
76561197970755187,Recommended,253110,21965076,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MGarceau,"Heavy. This is a game that tackles the depressive forces of the mind.As a game, its puzzles are straightforward, simple. There are some creative puzzles at play, but nothing brilliantly clever.As a story, it's quite remarkable. The game melds visual design with its storytelling to perfectly capture the fear - the depravity - of a sick mind. In many ways, the visuals are used as a catalyst to enhance this sad, sad story. The experience is an onslaught of grizly proportions. If you have never experienced the depths of a macabre human mind, the game will, perhaps, give you perspective of what it's like living with no hope, no resolution.I'd definitely recommend this game, if you are looking for something unconventional, somthing emotional, something insightful."
,Recommended,253110,26467619,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,fender,"Admittedly, the production value is really low. Especially, I don't think whoever did the recording knows anything about the subject at all. And the graphics, though highly original and effective in setting up the atmosphere, cannot really compensate for all the limitations of being built on an arcane game engine.That being said, I don't believe there could to be any other game out there which deals with such mature subjects of depression, suicide, and etc in so realistic and earnest a manner.And despite its appearances, the game is not really all about death and gloom, as it is about life, and the reason why it could be something worth living.Maybe it could be the reason why the game feels so original and refreshing, as few would try to tell a story of hope through gloom, and life through death."
,Recommended,253110,26407667,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SLASHER,Sad game for mature audience. 10/10
76561198133998625,Recommended,253110,26422983,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jgpyne2,"This game is great if you're a story purist and also want a little bit of puzzle solving in between to keep you on your toes. If you want a lot of gameplay action, this isn't for you unless you have an open mind. Loved this game and want to go back in and replay for the rest of the badges."
76561197988746207,Recommended,253110,12916992,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Sigma,"Easily one of the best and most memorable horror game I have ever played! I will most definitely buy any and all sequals from this company. Sit back, take your time and soak up this awesome, gruesome story!!"
76561197969428595,Recommended,253110,12683321,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Pump Action PwnieS,Probably one of the best games you`ll play despite bad graphics and sometime long story
,Recommended,253110,12665512,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BONESAW,"Although unappealing to the eye at first, ""The Cat Lady"" is a tale of a crazy cat lady putting gloves in a toilet to clog it. Then totally 420 spear scoping the crazy doctor or baby macing him. Worth the money. The atmosphere is appealing along with terrifying noises. The range of guns is very minimal, as I cannot use an AWP and smoke mid. But I digress, worth the buy."
,Recommended,253110,9443552,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Juggernaut,"I rarely play let alone complete single player games these days. This game, however, caused me to miss sleep because I couldn't tear myself away from it (among other reasons). The content tackles the macabre and truly morbid. The psychological horror is truly frightening and creates an anxiety not found in most ""horror"" games. The game manages to have a great atmosphere, enjoyable gameplay, and an enthralling story. To add to this, the soundtrack is fantastic and original. This is not a pretentious game but the content may prove too heavy for many people as it is not dumbed down or genteel.I am a fan of point-and-click adventure games. I really love seeing the format returning and the nods given to previous titles that appear in this title (the Maniac Mansion tribute is phenomenally done). The control scheme of this game moves away from mouse-based point and click and uses only the arrow keys. It took a moment to get used to but the format actually works very well! There is no more frustrating pixel-hunting and the direct control of the character adds to the immersion (also, laptop touchpad users rejoice!).As is the developer's style, the story puts the player into difficut situations and forces them to confront their fear and make choices that will affect the outcome of the game. The characters feel real, partially due to the generally well-done voice acting (apart from some exceptions) and plethora of possible dialogue. The effort put into the art is also a delight. It is truly impressive that it was mostly done by a single individual, yet it is also evident due to his unique style.The Cat Lady is the developer's second title. I sincerely hope that Downfall, his previous game, gets greenlit and re-made in the style of The Cat Lady. This game has a lot of depth (although it will at times make you feel very hollow) and a level of sophistication and maturity that is not always found in other titles. Combine this with it being an immersive point-and click and it's truly one of my favourites."
76561198126133672,Recommended,253110,12678801,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Pokers,Amazing game! The music and story telling just drives you into the game and you won't be able to stop playing it! I have played this game around 4 times already and it never gets boring! If you have been hesitant about playing this game go for it now while it's on sale! Just be warned this isn't for the weak hearted as it includes some gory scenes.
,Recommended,253110,12591508,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Grey Moth,"Perhaps one of the most impressive narratives about the struggle of depression, accompanied with a chilling setting, scenery and art style, The Cat Lady is a must play for anyone. While the graphics are unspectacular and the tone is practically dripping with black, I found myself enjoying each chapter a little bit more than the last one. At times the grim dark can become a bit ludicrous, making your eyes cross. The theme is quite adult, but as you progress I'm sure you'll find that the intensity is all very well due.9/10. A few times I encountered bugs that could use some tweaking. The models could've had some more time put into them (dresses had naked legs mysteriously walking out of them), and the voice acting could've used a bit more professionalism behind them. But by far one of the most satisfying games I've played in a long, long time. I think there's multiple endings, as well. I got the good one! It's a tear-jerker!"
76561198043179403,Recommended,253110,30488021,Posted: 13 March,all,max3099,"Playing this game was an experience I'll remember for a long time. There's a real adventure game here, albeit with simple puzzles. However, it's a work of art more than anything else - and I mean that in the best possible sense. As with great movies or gripping books, you can't put it down. The blocky and gritty visuals serve the narrative well, despite being initially off-putting. The soundtrack is amazing and fit the tone. The voice acting is mostly great, with (very) few dips in less-than-stellar territory (not from the main cast). That said, dialogues were sometimes too long and tighter editing would have lead to better pacing. Some have complained about the loose structure of the narrative, but I'd compare it to a Lynch or Cronenberg: there are lyrical elements here that defy entirely rational explanations.I'm generally not a fan of horror and I don't appreciate tropes of the genre like excessive gore or jump scares. The initial ""adult only"" warning about violence and sexuality also gave me pause as I was afraid there'd be mixing of the two, something I can't stomach. While there's definitely gore and subject matters absolutely not suitable for children, I'm happy to say jump scares were few and far between (and generally contributed to the atmosphere) and the the first ""parasite"" Susan encounters is the most grotesque it gets. That's not to say it wasn't grotesque, it was aplenty, but there isn't an escalation in later encounters - in fact, the story re-centers on depression as it progresses and even gets lighter in tone. This is after all a redemption story.Very satisfying."
76561198155936871,Recommended,253110,12758069,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Part-time Gamer,"I gotta say I really liked this game as a person, on one hand, the storyline was great especially about Susan (The Cat Lady) and Mitzi (the second primary character), but a bit less in content about the ''Parasites'' which was more violent and gory oriented but still added a good horror atmosphere to the game. Some people may be repulsed by the graphics and while the characters are grainy, the backgrounds were fantastic and beautiful (or disturbing) in their own way .On the other hand, as a gamer, I was disappointed with the gameplay. The Cat Lady isn't a real point n' click, you just use arrows to walk and interact with the environments which makes it boring and less immersive to play three fingers. The puzzles were alright, not to hard to drag you from going further but not to easy that you think it's ridiculous, The fact that you want to progress fast in the story makes them well balance.I think the soundtrack was pretty good, although it wasn't really a perfect fit for Susan's character (for a 40 years old woman) it fitted the game in general. The voice acting was sometimes good, sometimes bad (except for Mitzi, the acting was awesome) and the dialogues were arranged in a mechanical way, you often just want to read the subtitles and skip them because it's too long and not fluid. Also, you can't pause or save in the cutscenes and the dialogue scenes which is incredibly annoying if have to do something else.In the end, The Cat Lady felt more like an interactive story than a game, but I really liked it anyway, especially for the story/themes and emotions but the gameplay wasn't the best even though it isn't a deal breaker. The game have different endings depending on your choices so it can be a personal experience whether they are the choices you would make or the choices you think Susan would make.Buy it if you want to live an experience in the head of a character about depression, loneliness and despair but also hope rather than play a game itself. Overall great indie game. Recommended. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,253110,12761650,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jumblejunkie,"I am not one to play adventure games, but after seeing the art style and the theme, I decided to shell out my 3 bucks and check this game out. What I found was a work of art. Not only in a visual standpoint, but with the story telling. All though it has a pretty dark and depressing theme, the story keeps you glued through out the game. This game has really opened my eyes to the adventure genre. It is dialog heavy, but it doesn't take away from the game at all. Kudos to the soundtrack as well, fantastic! Highly recommended!!"
76561197975150655,Recommended,253110,12749369,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Wildsleven,"Once in a while you come across a game where the moment you start playing it, you get glued on the screen, Not wanting to finish up until you actually complete it.. For me The Cat Lady is that type of game, i found it very good and interesting! Do mind though the story is a bit dark. The story is about a 40 year old woman who unfortunatly is on the verge of suicide, she gets a second chance and also a mission she has to follow, saying anything more would be spoiling the game, anyone who are remotely interested in the game should play through the story themselves!The Cat Lady in my opinion is one of the more if not most twisted and extradinary adventure games that i got the chance to try out and play. The game deals with very mature matters, and has mature content, sometimes even disturbing.To sum it all up:- The game is quite dark, weird, about human feelings and depressions, with a great conclusion.- Deep characters.- Very atmospheric, great psychological horror environments.- The graphics might not suit everyone but i think the style worked for this particular game.- Great soundtrack- I quite liked the mechanics of the game, i never really had a problem searching for a ""missing object"". And i never really got stuck which i always do on most adventure point and click games..- Great voiceacting but there were times you could hear the mic when they were doing their voice overs.. but nothing that would ruin the game.A con or two:- Game is very linear so players who want something more,beware!- Not for everyoneNonetheless, i found this game great, it touches on serious topics, the story was great, it kept me glued the entire time i played, and i think anyone who enjoy a good story in a game should give The Cat Lady a go!"
76561198054021589,Recommended,253110,12756196,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,KKream,The cat lady is a good game if you like depressing dark horror games it was more disturbing than spooky but if you manage to finish the cat ladies journey.... you're in for a real treat. This game is story driven and makes you wanna know what'll happen next and contains some EDGE OF YOUR SEAT suspense! A real good game if you're a fan of the frighting/storydriven/artsy genre.
76561197976910234,Recommended,253110,12757002,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,LoganSnake,"I'm not much of an adventure game player. They've never particularly interested me. I picked The Cat Lady on sale for $3.40. Seemed like an interesting game to play around Halloween. The experience was...fantastic. The game has a well told story, some very disturbing imagery, a very realistic portrayal of depression, and it makes you follow the protagonist as her life seemingly spirals out of control. Despite being visually simple, I haven't felt this level of suspence in a game since Silent Hill 3. Highly recommend this even at full price."
76561198019975879,Recommended,253110,12741085,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ShadowKenzie,"This games is dark and amazing. Yes, the game play is slow and pretty old school but it is VERY well worth it. A deep, story based mystery P&C game with great music. A suicidal woman get a second chance to destroy the worlds big bads (murders etc in the worst sense) and find the friendship she had always lacked. Blood gore and making your own weopons while trying not to go crazy while completely the queen of maggots will???? It cannot really go wrong."
,Recommended,253110,12742108,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PMA,"The Cat Lady offer gaming experience full of gothic element. There's no jumpscare in this game, this game using the story to pull you inside a mind of a 40 years old woman and experience the horror yourself.Absolutely worth to buy 8/10."
76561197963648204,Recommended,253110,10967611,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ambo,"This is a point and click adventure game. It's VERY dialogue driven, more interested in telling a story than giving you an actual game to play.The graphics are.. odd.. I don't really know how else to describe them, the character animations in particular are creepy, bizarre and occasionally hilarious. They fit the mood of the game perfectly.Come for the story and the creepy atmosphere, just don't expect to be solving complex puzzles or anything like that."
76561198071365950,Recommended,253110,10967854,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Short and Furious,"My favourite game ever. No question. Not only the rich story or the representation of serious depression and related issues, but the style itself it wholly unique and charming in it's grotesque way. Your choices aren't obvious and the puzzles are easy enough with just enough challenge to make sure you never loose your temper.It's relatable and tugs on your emotional strings if you let it. Morality ends up being questioned more than once on not only what effects your character, but what effects other characters.The horror elements are well done, one or two jump scares that use music and music to their advantage, but even so they're well added and give their maximum effect, however most of the horror lies in the blatantly obvious, it's creepy and the horror is right in front of you the whole time rather than hiding in jump scares or cheap tricks.All in all it's a brilliant game with real characters I became attached to easily. The story is one I'll never forget because it effected my life for the best."
76561198052830189,Recommended,253110,12689407,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,darkidol376,"This is a story rich adventure game with very dark themes of suicide, depression and murder.Visually it has a unique big-sprite animation style, I recalled an old Popeye game I used to play on my Spectrum.  But instead of vibrant colours the environments are almost invariably shades of dull greys, greens, blacks and blues.  Usually a huge turn off for me, I found this environment very comfortable to play in, in this game.The controls are simple - cursor keys and enter, nothing more.  This gives the game the great pro of being 100% playable while the player is eating. It's so much better, not just with immersion, but being able to fully ride on the story's coattails without too much doggedness.As I said previously, it's a rich story-based game where multiple choice dialogue leads the way throughout.  There is a lot of text and just as much voice - the latter being unskippable(?) which usually gets on my nerves quick in this type of adventure (thinking point and clicks) but did not in this game at all for some reason.  Maybe it was because there is so much of it, and the lines are so varied.  The voice acting is better in some places more than others - I liked the varied accents, it was more the rushed and mushy pronunciation at times - but the lead lady does a great job.  On the flip side, one of the slight annoyances I had during my playthrough was how easy it was to skip text on screen, would have preferred less sensitivity there - whether through assigning a different button, or through the programming itself.  The thing that didn't make this more serious a problem is that most of the dialogue was easy to repeat.In general the game will make sure you get the right experiences at the right time, so it is linear in that aspect, but for me that was a pro in this game's instance.I'd recommend this to mature adventure game fans and fans of story rich games.  A very enjoyable, sub-10-hour, easy to play adventure game with an unusually heavy dark tone throughout."
76561198116527051,Recommended,253110,12699636,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,michelleparker784,"The only dissapointing thing about this game is that my play through ended after only 8 hours! I loved it, for so many reasons, like how well it's written, the voice acting, the soundtrack, the story, and just how it makes you feel for Susan and all the others. It gets inside your head and it's great! At times it can be bordering on terrifying - not in a necessarily gross and gory way, but the atmosphere, how you're never sure whats going to happen next.I love the journey Susan goes on and how the game portrays the feelings of depression and suicide in a realistic manner.There's a sequel in the works I hear, I will be purchasing it right away!"
76561198088655253,Recommended,253110,24661958,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,[EX] Mojoillumini,Great game definantly worth at least one playthrough if you dont want all the endings.
76561197993516701,Recommended,253110,24744063,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Arthur Fenix,My only regrett about this game is that i havent buy it earlier!The Cat lady is a MUST HAVE game.
76561198263282803,Recommended,253110,24538180,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,indigoestel,"What a wonderfully creepy and bleak game. I loved the story, not to mention the voice acting and the music. I might have teared up a bit at the end. I would definitely recommed this."
76561198030665293,Recommended,253110,24453098,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Scuzzlebutt,"Don't let the lackluster graphics fool you. This is a very good and deep game. The gameplay is simple but good too for the most part; my only gripe with it is that too many actions are assessed to too few buttons, which can lead to you skipping some dialogue when you don't want to, for example. The art style is interesting despite the minimalist graphics.If you like a game with good character development, a twisted story and a unique setting, then The Cat Lady is an easy recomendation, especially at this price."
76561197994100111,Recommended,253110,24693404,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nicobay le pokemon,"interesting game , okay story , not the best , but still good"
76561198077726365,Recommended,253110,24051622,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,retano_ab,"Not a challenging or tough point and click adventurer, but quite an intriguing one. The gloomy story was very gripping for me. Really worth checking out.And +1 for the portuguese subtitles, always wanted my girlfriend to play this game, but she doesn't know much english."
,Recommended,253110,24096841,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,selphexpressed,"This was a wonderful game. Full of emotion. The writing was thoughtful and scary. The environments were made beautifully. The characters were interesting. This game has multiple endings, and lots of free choice. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone. I hope they publish other titles soon."
76561198082463593,Recommended,253110,24173993,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,doocane,"!Thematic spoilers!Although many other things have explored depression through horror before, The Cat Lady's take on this theme is unique in its execution. The adventure game style directly gives not only the player but the *character* agency in solving the games problems. Although the story illustrates how depression kills motivation, interest, and hope, in playing the game the player is helping Susan to fight back against her illness. In addition to this, I particularly like the character chosen to explore these issues, as the depression of single, middle-aged women is not the sort of thing one would expect to find in a video game unless it was used as the backstory for a villain. Although the game does at times fall into this trope slightly-- there are certainly mentally ill characters who are presented as villains *because* they are mentally ill --there is also a sense that these characters are there as warnings to Susan, which helps keep the story from sending totally mixed messages. That said, people who struggle with mental illnesses, particularly depression and suicidal ideation, may have some trouble getting through this game, as it can definitely hit very close to home."
,Recommended,253110,24040469,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Unendingfear,"Fantastic little point and click styled adventure. Engrossing story, lovable characters, and a uniquely morbid art style. Decent amount of replayability as well, interesting to see where all the different paths lead."
76561198119155087,Recommended,253110,24027983,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,PaintedDoll24601,"Got this game during the Summer sale, already in love with it. Must have for someone that loves a dark, story driven game."
76561198029814895,Recommended,253110,24054702,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CaptainXMorgan,"There's some good and bad. Really cool story with great music. The art goes for retro, but is still done well in shadows and colors applied. Animation is a hit or miss, sometimes it's alright when watching characters move about and other times it seems like they used a rag doll program to make some characters move (it was pretty silly). There isn't much to the game play, no point in click you just use the arrow keys to move and interact with everything. It's a little tedious sometimes to the point that I just ended up using a guide to get to everything quicker. What's really bad about this game? There is no sound options which bugged me for personal reasons, and the saving is disgusting. Purely horrible. I ended up watching a 'lets' play because somewhere a long the lines I would save at the beginning of a chapter and it would load me back later to my last save in the previous chapter. I became frusterated and just went with a lets play video because I was close enough to the end anyway. There was also this moment when meating the pest control guy that everything slowed down immensly like some odd lag bug. I'm not sure if it was just my game or if other stuff like this has happened, but bugs are still in this game. I reccomend it because it's a pretty great story, atmosphere and I want people to support the artists. But watching a decent lets play (with nobody talking through them) might result the same results of enjoyment I had with the game."
76561198146384490,Recommended,253110,25343194,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Senaya,"A game that became so beloved, playing it feels like watching a favorite movie. In autumn, while it's raining, with a cat on your feet."
,Recommended,253110,31306350,Posted: 22 April,all,Ai no wen deh hetleign bleng,"Oughkei gais. A game review after an eternity of playing games here and there.The first time I came across this game was on Facebook. A Sister of mine tagged me to a video showing a few examples of video games that ephasizes the theme of depression and suicide. Other than this game, I bumped into Actual Sunlight and The Town of Light. Along with this game I bought the two games mentioned earlier. Here's what I think about The Cat Lady.At first, I expected this game to be different than the other games that I used to play, but I thought I was'nt supposed to be really effective in scaring me to death.Well, I was wrong.Yes, it does sound cliche but I never thought this games would really pierce in to the heart and mind and make you question of the foundations and fundamentals of humanity. The dark atmosphere, the feeling of despair, hopelessnss, misery and the core entity of this game, death. From the perspective of Susan Ashworth, this game shows you on how demented a depressed and deranged a depressed person's mind can be. Many times, the general public would not want to associate themselves with patients that are suffering from mental illness and would exclude them from the community. This game shows us, the general public that people with mental illnesses are people who need special care and love and because of this, they must not be exiled but be brought in and showered with love and affection.Thanks to this game that my Sister recommended to me, I also got to learn more on how I can attend to the people who are in the midst of having a hard time overcoming mental illnesses. Again and again, I used to ponder on how I can really help them to feel better and not dip themeselves in immense guilt and anguish. Even though this game does not have what it takes to give me a PhD in Psycology, but it does give me insight on what goes on in a patient's mind and helps me to choose my words and actions wisely.So, now. The main point. Should you buy this game?In my opinion, by all means, buy it. It's educating, offers the player a gripping experience in the mind of a patient who suffers from depression and suicide and from time to time, it does give you the shambles, but for a good cause. I must say this, if you're looking for a horror game, I really must apologise, The Cat Lady isn't the game you're looking for. Remember, The Cat Lady emphasizes on depressive and suicidal themes. This game is not for the weak of heart. The plot is alright but do make sure you're ready for the sudden chord scares and atmosphere change from time to time.So...yeah. Do buy The Cat Lady. It surely is a game worthy of someone's attention and time."
,Recommended,253110,31263746,Posted: 20 April,all,Iambeastmode4,"I can honestly say that this game has made a huge impact on my life. I played it when I was going through a very dark time in my life and I felt understood and not so alone. This game is powerful, especially if you are dealing with suicidal ideations. It will always be one of my favorite games.. The artwork is quirky, dark and represents the story in ways that couldn't be expressed in words. It feels lonely, hurt and damaged and as you play you can either see it become something of closure in a positive way, or closure in a way you might not want to see.. That being said, I got the sad ending initially but I played the ending again because I didn't want it to end on a negative note for me. And then I started it over again because I wasn't ready to let go. Again, this game is powerful. It's depression expressed in pixels and you decide how it ends."
76561198084580561,Recommended,253110,31221562,Posted: 18 April,all,noquedanmasnick,"Nice indie adventure with strong psychological horror component. It is a long budget game, keep that in mind though.The best:-Story, characters and dialogues. Just that makes the experience worth it. More if you are a person of depressive/melancholic kind.-The puzzles makes sense. Not an easy thing to develop and many famous adventures fails at this: challenges are just enouth to make you stop and think, never entering into stuck/desperation situations.The worst:-The audio voices. Remember the low budget thing: the acting is quite amateur sometimes and the audio quality is phone like.-Chapter 6 (of 7) is pointless, but whatever.Conclusion:If you like something more adult and deep than usual, and find this in sale, go ahead, you won't regret it.And remember: dogs are better than cats"
,Recommended,253110,31350447,Posted: 24 April,all,Born2Hayt,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is dark but it sure is a page turner.
76561198001935699,Recommended,253110,33021855,Posted: 29 June,all,MONTCLAIREARE,"The only adventure game I have played through and I loved it. The slasher bits of the story could get a little cheesy but the whole game had a kind of weird charm to it. I cant think of a scene it would be better without. The ""cat lady"" is a great character, sad and sympathetic and sometimes mean. She has depth in the way a lot of game characters dont.An all around good game with lots of emotion(depression)!"
76561198048554216,Recommended,253110,33078857,Posted: 1 July,all,Nutter,"It wasStephen HawkingALL ALONG!!!(play this game, it lit)"
,Recommended,253110,33117084,Posted: 1 July,all,Thunderwell,I know what I wanna dress up as next Halloween.The Cat Widow.>:DI really enjoyed the game. :)
76561197963643929,Recommended,253110,33127794,Posted: 2 July,all,Luna,"An adventure game about the life of Susan, a depressed middle aged woman who kills herself and gets cursed with immortality until she cleanses the world of a few serial killers who are comming after her.I enjoyed the game very much, and played it through in an evening and an afternoon.The gameplay consists of Susan walking left / right by pressing the left / right key; text pops up when she can interact with an object by pressing the up key, and the inventory is entered by pressing the down key. As the game is essentially one dimensional (walk left or right) there is no pixel hunting, and I felt that the puzzles were always logical.Much of the dialogue is between Susan and her tenant, Mitzi, and the story of Susan's life is slowly unveiled as they talk with each other in between attacks by killers. The story was interesting and full of exciting plot twists and disturbing scenes and people. I strongly recommend the game if you like a good story and can stand being creeped out and a little bit scared at times."
,Recommended,253110,12951543,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Get Off My Lawn!,A must play for any horror puzzle fans
76561197981935175,Recommended,253110,12948532,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Neen,"A story about depression, loneliness and death shrouded in a cloak of surreal horror, The Cat Lady has been one of the best games ive played of 2014. I just beat it all of an hour ago.You play as Susan Ashworth, a woman who attempts suicide at the beginning of the game, only to find herself in a surreal purgatory where a 'Queen of Maggots' reigns, and will not allow her death until she returns to life and kills 5 'parasites', all of which are serial killers in some way or another. For this, she curses this suicidal woman with that which she desires least: Immortality. She cannot die permanently until the 5 parasites are eliminated. She will otherwise always come back.The Queens realm has shades of Silent Hill-Esque macabre, a sort of hellish parody of reality. The game can be chilling and gruesome, but also poignant and touching. Throughout its course, you will find out -why- Susan became suicidal, and potentially find salvation and the strength to overcome her demons, her depression.If you can stomach the horror, and can get used to the somewhat stiff artstyle and general feel of the games clearly low budget, it is absolutely worth playing from beginning to end.Press any key to live."
,Recommended,253110,11493559,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,samalves08,Score: 9.5|10[+] Excellent story[+] You will kill Serial Killers[+] Makes you care about the story and characters[+] Art direction[+] SoundsPeople get away from it because of it´s different visuals but you will get used to it and see the beauty in it after sometime. The game is really good and recommended for those who have faced depression in any moment of life.
,Recommended,253110,12026643,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Protectin369,"A great novel-like game that takes you through the story of Susan Ashworth, The Cat Lady. It's not so much the point-and-click mechanic I find appealing about this game or the art style even for that matter-it's how well the narrative ties the story in together. At first it's hard to understand and difficult to follow because it just seems, odd. It seems a little boring-but as you progress, and Mitzi's introduced to the story, things start to really pick up. It feels almost like a novel with how the narrative conveys this tale of twists and turns. It's a great game, definitely worth the price. If it's on sale it's definitely a great game to get as well."
,Recommended,253110,11877907,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,AhhTheHorror,"A deep, accurate, and moving delve into mental illness. Wonderful story that inspires hope and explores depression faithfully - good to learn from, and cathartic for those who live with it.Great representation of women, although I wonder if the writers are somehwhat heterosexist and ableist at some points. This aside, I thought it was a very relatable and enjoyable experiance.The artwork and graphics are odd - a little crude but I'm always a fan of stylism in visual horror.The music is excellent. I may have to get the soundtrack."
76561198037698615,Recommended,253110,11874795,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Micwryly,"*The Cat lady* is a dark, creepy and quite gory adventure game, that centers around a depressed woman named Susan who, after an attempted suicide, meets “The Queen of Maggots” (basically Death). The queen gives her a mission to rid the world of evil and dangerous people, who hurt and kill others for their own personal gain or amusement . As Susan wakes up from the incident, we get to know her as a person and learn to understand why she've made the choices she made during her life, as well as experience with her the atrocious events the occur afterworlds. She also gets to meet a young woman named Mitzi, who seems to be on a mission of her own...The game plays quite similarly to a point and click adventure game, but you actually don't “point and click” so to speak, but use the arrow keys to move the character around. During the game, you'll also have to make a few choices, which influence how the game ends. I personally found this to be a very interesting and nice touch.The game has a wonderful soundtrack, if you like this kind of music. It includes some creepy and atmospheric tracks, but also some great punk and metal songs, that really fits the feel of the game.As for the graphics and style of the game... well, I think the art style is what will put some people off. You might find it a bit grotesque, but as you play you'll come to realize that style fits very well with the rest of the game, as it conveys the trauma and the emotions of the characters extremely well. There are a few instances where they could have done a better job graphically though, as at times characters or things can look disproportionate.The game also has voice acting, which is a bit of a hit and miss. Sometimes the acting is quite alright, but other times it's extremely flat, over the top or simply to obvious and stereotypical. Even so I actually enjoyed the voice acting quite a bit, and I don't think I'd enjoy the game as much if it wasn't included.So yeah... Even though the game has it's flaws (like most games) I totally recommend this game! At least to people who like dark adventure games. It has great music, great sympathetic female lead characters (well I've gone through a depression of my own, so maybe that makes it easier for me to sympathize), great character development, some really dark and twisted scenarios as well as an amazingly creepy atmosphere.To be honest, it's one of my favorite adventure games of all time.9/10"
76561197962009347,Recommended,253110,11500715,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sphinx,"This game is dark...VERY dark.  I made the wise choice of playing this at night with little sleep...which turned out to add a lot to the game itself.  The interface is very different than many adventures.  You can do everything with arrow keys.  However, the story is what makes this game shine, as countless other reviewers have stated.  I bought this game on sale...and it was a steal.  I understand why the game is $10, and it makes sense.  That's a prefect price point for the game.  Be prepared for a bit of a confusing beginning, as there is little direction on how to begin.  However, once everything gets going, the game plays itself.  There is a small amount of challenge in my opinion, but it complimented the game well.  There was never a moment that made me feel like I needed to take a breather because I was stuck, since the game wanted you to continue playing.  I would consider this a CASUAL adventure game for the simple fact that you're not spending 20 minutes trying to play with your inventory.  However, this game is far from a casual game.  It will have you interested from Chapter 2 til the end.  (Sorry, not a huge fan of chapter 1).  Great voice acting, great sprite work, and a great interface with ZERO bugs made for one hell of an indie game.  HIGHLY recommend.  10/10."
,Recommended,253110,12493390,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,shmiz,"I'm not really sure how to describe this game. The atmosphere is definitely creepy. The storyline is one of the best that I've experienced in a long time. It's depressing and moving. The game can be a bit slow (literally), but not enough to make it unplayable. I'd also save a bunch in case it does freeze (there is a work around to this). I started to care about the characters the more I played. You may like them or you may hate them, but you'll definitely feel something. Overall, I definitely recommend this one for point-and-click fans."
,Recommended,253110,11982381,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,AHoll93,"This game is a remarkable demonstration in storytelling through an interactive medium. As a film-maker and writer I often find that adapting a story to different mediums can be quite challenging, as you also have to adapt the way you tell the story to best reflect the benefits and pitfalls of each specific medium. For too long I have found that game-makers neglect the essence of story for this reason, and choose to instead use the complicated aspects of videogames (high action, detailed graphics etc.) to keep people enthralled.But not Cat Lady. As simple as it's design is, it manages to be both fun, beautiful and entirely enthralling.The imagery will stay with you, the English voice acting (how rare!) will make you laugh, cry and send shivers down your spine (damn David Firth). The story will make you think, feel and affect you long after it ends.But more than jsut that, it's a hell of a lot of fun, just like games should be."
76561198148242317,Recommended,253110,14166771,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fantastic_vic,Great story. Great gameplay. Great soundtrack. 10/10
76561198004415083,Recommended,253110,14167686,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Balroc,Who knew playing as a forty-something year old woman suffering from suicidal depression could be good.
,Recommended,253110,14169103,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lyte,"You like creepy, melancholic, black humour Cut Out Animations with a nice Story?You like stuff from David Firth(Salad Fingers/Burned Face Man/Not Stanley)? (He synchronised some Characters)Than you will do nothing wrong with the Story of the Cat Lady!(My hours are so low because i was in Steam offline Mode when i played this game, so no one could interrupt me while playing this nice Game)Have fun with it.Greetings JugglistSoldier"
,Recommended,253110,14209102,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TheDebby,Great game with a good storry.
76561198137973166,Recommended,253110,14210379,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,WeAreTheEnemy,"This is way better than what i was expecting, The atmosphere was creepy and dark and the storyline was great. There was alot of emotion put into this game and characters. It made you feel like you were part of the story.  Setting in a dark room while playing can really get you into the game. Highly recommended for people who like a Silent Hill type setting. You will not be dissapointed! Hope they make a sequel."
,Recommended,253110,14216510,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Albatraous,Just completed this game. It's dark (dealing with death etc) but is an interesting adventure game
76561198018835779,Recommended,253110,14219025,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,scarletsparrow,"In the very beginning I thought it might be awful, but I stuck with it and it turned out to be one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,253110,14285957,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Falconeer,"To call this ""a gem"" would be an understatement. This is a little masterpiece. Technically, it belongs to a different era, but who cares? Artistically it is just fantastic. There aren't many games like this and there probably won't ever be.This is a very intense story about depression, sorrow, sisterhood. For once it doesn't have to be a story about men, and it doesn't have to have sexy girls in any shape or form. It is a deeply introspective travel into the mind of a forty years old woman who has chosen to end her own life, but get forced into a series of events whichi will make her fight her battle with new found tools.It's hard to say anything without spoilering something, but rest assured that as soon as you will get over the clunky interface you will be teleported in a eerie, oppressive, dark but fascinating dimension full of character, characters, and stories to tell.It's not a long game (it can be finished in 6 - 8 hours) and the puzzles are super easy, which is good because they do not trip the narration. The artistic direction is just incredible for a game of this kind, and the musics are simply perfectly placed. It's rare to find a game where the soundtrack and songs blend so well with a game even in the biggest productions of 2015, so imagine my delight when I realized what a good job Mr. Mihalski has done here.It's quite simple: The Cat Lady is fantastic."
,Recommended,253110,14159663,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,namtabmai,"Called a load of stray cats into my flatTold neighbour who complained about the noise to ""Go ♥♥♥♥ Yourself"" ( Achievement Unlocked )Had mental breakdown and collapsed on the floor.Finally a game that gets me."
,Recommended,253110,14100327,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DadeKuma,"One of the most beautiful, horrific, sick game I ever played. If you like slow paced games that gives you a bit of tension and you are looking for a very deep creepy storyline, this game is for you.There is gore and a lot of disturbing scenes too, the story will follow based on your own decisions.A masterpiece."
76561197960716986,Recommended,253110,14107005,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Primeval,"This game has a wonderful story that is very atmospheric and artistic. It is quite melancholy, but also beautiful. The sound recording quality is sketchy, but the voice acting and background ambiance make it work. The animation is rigid and sometimes detracts from the mood, but overall I loved it."
,Recommended,253110,14324840,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,pinupattack,"A truly gripping and emotive gothic noir point-and-click. Following the emotional journey of Susan Ashworth, we get to see and explore the depths of her depression and witness the insidious darkness encroaching within society. The game is beautifully constructed storywise. The combination of well put together characters, excellent voice acting, and a powerful soundtrack makes this a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,253110,14380493,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jongeejumanji,"beautiful. ones of those games where once you beat it, you want to play another game exactly like it. the atmosphere, the suspense, the story. oh, and if you love cats, thats a plus too <3"
76561197993216595,Recommended,253110,14762928,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Valhalla,"I've played a few or several point and click adventure games. Most of them were boring. This game is the best of that kind I've played so far. I enjoy it a lot. I am curious what would happen, so I kept playing for more. I also enjoy its story, puzzles, characters, and arts. I made many screenshots there and bought its foil trading cards. Lol."
76561198088456944,Recommended,253110,14752113,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,mad_jessie,I've resently felt very down and I thought a game like this would suit my dark state of mind. And it did. It feed my inner demon and I loved it. It gave me hope. A computer game actually made me feel better about myself. I would never have guessed. It's brilliant.
76561198005189471,Recommended,253110,14701619,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Hippohydra,Cons: the UI and graphics aren't particularly great.Pros: Everything else! It's deeply twisted and violent (my type of catnip). The horror isn't dependent solely on jumpscares - ofen there is a nice tension that is developed for that. The mature themes were interesting and well written. I found the story pacing was well done also.
76561197968263770,Recommended,253110,14843062,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Roberoo,"The writing is stilted, it's full of spelling mistakes, and the animation isn't for me (although it does fit the art style), but damn this game is engaging.  The plot is interesting and open to interpretation and the characters have distinct and unusual personalities.  The horror elements are intense and graphic but the overarching theme seems to be that of a very different kind of horror and is very much worth exploring.  If you can get past it not being very polished in some places, this game is very much worth a few hours of your life and a few pounds from your wallet."
76561198010081755,Recommended,253110,14825253,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Barça,Game of the century.
76561198086453730,Recommended,253110,14830783,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,04amuseoffire,What a fantastic script. The retro graphics still have a modern polish to them. Great game. loved it.
76561198125792359,Recommended,253110,12443473,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,boneriffic420,this game made me depressed.
76561198052329862,Recommended,253110,12868167,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,kiramira99,"Let me make it clear, I recommend this game ONLY to people looking for a dark and horror'ish adventure game. I almost didn't play it through, I quit in the first chapter because the game is just SO dark and heavy.. and not the game I was looking for at the time. But then our family dog died and my thirst for just a game like this came over me, I played it through and I loved it! The characters feels so real, the monsters is horrifying and the story is a masterpiece. Play it if you dare."
76561197974105367,Recommended,253110,12870196,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,METAL,"it is like ""black swan"" cross  the movie ""seven"" seeing it through a ""sin city"" colour spctrum.its a sick, twisted, bloody, story and character driven game, with good puzzles elements and creepy and dramatic atmosphere."
76561198061989504,Recommended,253110,12942480,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,birdiebyte,"The Cat Lady is one of my favorite games. The art syle makes it hard to get into at first, but you grow used to it. I'd say the game is definitely worth the price considering it took me about ten hours to beat, and it has multiple endings. It does have a lot of dark and touchy themes though, so be wary of that."
76561198124143479,Recommended,253110,13089262,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mad_randall,"The cat lady is a grim psychological thriller that grips you very early into the game with its gritty, distinctive aesthetic and it's magnetic narrative. As always, horrors are best played on your own in the dark with headphones, and I still recomend it here as it heightens the atmosphere, something you really want to get the most out of as the player movement is quite sluggish. A delight of the game is how it shows the uncanny in an ordinary world, where the horror unsettles through it's distortion of the familiar. As an adventure game, this ticks all the boxes though doesnt do much to add to the genre, but it certainly stamps it's own mark, esspecially as the first two of it's 7 chapters that burn so easily into memory with it's garish visuals and unique circumstances.However, it must be said, the pacing drops during the middle of the game and it's a huge letdown considering the games amazing introduction, and it's here where the charaters odd voice acting becomes less odd and creepy, but reveal to be flat and unengaging - and this is a major letdown as it then also reveals some cheesy dialogue amid the script. An exception is the horrible cast of villains, some voiced by david firth (no suprise, given the visual style) which always brings tension right back to the heights with it's toe-curling delivery and conviction - and the games ending does reward your invested interest the story.If you are a fan of adventure games, david firth or psychological thrillers, this comes with a heavy recomendation, though I think some others would be put of by the mostly terrible acting and may possibly bore those who don't invest themselves in it's unrelenting atmosphere.PROS:Near perfect introductionSolid puzzles, satisfying yet not frustratingAtmosphere in abundance, through great art style and sound effects.CONS:Increasingly cringe-worthy voice actingpacing issues, esspeically mid-gameThe 'hot topic' rock music enhances and ruins the atmosphere in equal measure7/10"
76561197972742042,Recommended,253110,13130318,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Publius Lavatorius,"When I first saw this game, I thought it sounded interesting so I watched Cry play it and my god, this game blew my mind. The atmosphere combining with the creepy settings worked amazingly well and the story leaves you thinking about it for ages. This game is one I highly recommend buying and is worth more than £6.99 so its a bargain. 10/10"
76561197970773122,Recommended,253110,13062160,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Gon,I enjoyed every minute of it.
,Recommended,253110,12973666,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,s17121,"Just finished playing this game. The graphics aren't all that great, and the game suffers from some technical hiccups (I found the side-scrolling and interaction a bit slow) but the story and acting are spot on. The horror elements themeselves weren't what I'd call 'scary', but I found it hard to pull myself away. Exploring the protagonist's haunted pasts and emotional states was the highlight for me.The game's portrayal of depression and suicide was very realistic and a bit heartbreaking. If you've ever suffered depression, thought about suicide, or even know someone that has then you might find a lot of it painfully relatable. A creepy and often violent game that reminds us that although life isn't fair we still need to pick ourselves up and move forward. I recommend it."
,Recommended,253110,13095396,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Rbec,"A beautifully atmospheric point and click game. It has a deeply emersive storyline, and even though and often violent still manages to make and maintain an emotional connection with the player. I thorougly enjoyed this game and would highly recommend!"
76561198045758187,Recommended,253110,13099709,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Princess Emilu,"The Cat Lady is an absolutely brilliant point-and-click adventure game.  I definitely recomend it to anyone who is a fan of the genre or a fan of a compelling stories and emotionally hard-hitting characters.My only warning though, is that this game can get gorey/gruesome. As somebody who rarely delves into the horror genre, I was hesitant to get into the game at first, but I found that what really matters in the point-and-click genre- the story- is something that I am really glad I did not miss out on."
,Recommended,253110,13035814,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BonanaQueen,A piece of art that kept me wanting more.
,Recommended,253110,13037334,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Trez75,"The Cat Lady is an interesting ""point and click"" game with a deliciously dark undertone. So lets start with whats not so good. Well, the voice recording is pretty poor, and whilst the vocal acting is acceptable it sounds like it was recorded on the cheapest mic that Maplins had for sale. Its also a bit annoying that the dialogue options don't actually show the whole sentence so theres a bit a pot luck that the response is the one you want. The graphics are ""low quality"" but I don't think that particularly detracts from the game. The plot is a bit illogical and there's a couple of unfinished questions but its quite original. Whats good about it is that the guys and girls at Harvester have made a really gritty horror game. There aren't any shocks in there, but its got that dark undertone that I really like. The puzzles are straightforward but enjoyable enough, and having done a couple of play throughs there's some moral choices which are quite interesting. Overall its an enjoyable enough little indie game that could've done with a touch more refinement. My score is a reasonable 7/10"
,Recommended,253110,12990465,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Farrah Sometimes,"This game is so brilliant in its simplicity and storyline. It was slow-going for me with the first chapter, but then things progressed quickly. Needed some help a few times figuring out certain clues, but there are enough guides and walkthroughs out there to minimalize any serious aggrevation. LOVE the voices and the sounds; the music, not so much. Definitely fun for a rainy day. Highly recommend."
76561197970722270,Recommended,253110,12294989,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Diabolique,"This game was surprisingly awesome. I loved the art style which was what initially got me to purchase it. But the story is pretty interested too, and some of the bad guys are really disturbing, which made it even more awesome. I really recommend this game, and don't be fooled by the name. It's not a game about cats or being a homebody. It's actually pretty creepy and cool."
76561198036075814,Recommended,253110,12377647,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,practikalmagik,"First of all, this game has a great atmosphere, it's fantastic building tension. Throughout the game there were a number of sections where I knew what I had to do, but I really didn't want to because I knew it was going to be scary!Although sometimes the story can get a bit 'out-there', the overall plot draws you in. Characterisation is fantastic, a great mix of disturbing and ordinary people with some good voice acting. In particular the two protaganists are really likable, despite their tragic stories.  Occasionally the voice recordings sound a little poor, but this doesn't pull you from the game.I loved the orginal graphic style, which suited the atmosphere of the game, also making for some good use of colours. Even though it was a bit low-res there weren't too many ""find the pixel"" moments and the puzzles were fairly logical if you thought about them for a bit.Overall, if you don't mind a story and text heavy game, you will be pleasantly rewarded playing this dark twist on what depression can feel like. I loved it!"
,Recommended,253110,12308243,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,jascemarie33,"Amazing storyIt got pretty scaryI've been having it in my wishlist forever and on a whim decided to get it.the reviews are so positive, if you like scary,mystery,puzzle games, it would be dumb not to get it!This is one of the deepest games ive ever playedI was very satisfied with the ending.Please get it and maybe they'll make more like it!"
,Recommended,253110,12770175,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Twilight Sparkle,My heart literally stoped beating for a second upon seeing 'pest control' van after confrontation with upset neighbour. Burden of responsibility for innocent lifes just crashed me.I hardly had such strong feelings in 15 years of my PC-gaming expirience.
76561198094815248,Recommended,253110,12797853,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,mewkate,"This was actually more fun than I expected, since I just bought the game while it was on sale with no other information other than the summary. There's definitely some dark elements to the game (more than one would expect from a game called ""The Cat Lady""), I mean the whole premise is a woman trying to commit suicide, and the proceeding events. Really interesting story, some fun puzzles that aren't brain-burstingly hard, but difficulty enough to make you run around the scene a few times before figuring out what to do. Lots of dialogue, but the story makes it not so terribly monotonous. One really annoying part is that the text cuts off when selecting what to say, so there are times where you don't know what attitude your character is going to respond with, but for the most part you get the gist of what it is. I don't think I would have paid full price for the game--although I am somewhat cheap--but I definitely feel like I did get my money's worth, and I played it twice through. Good RPG. Not so much scary, but creepy. Recommend."
76561197996155884,Recommended,253110,12798264,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lofty,"This game manipulated my emotions like no other game, and I couldn't be more grateful."
,Recommended,253110,12880739,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Saazuka,"This game is actually very good BUT contains extreme violence and disturbing images, and I wouldn't recomend it for kids. That being said, it has a great story to it and some challenging puzzles to work your way through."
,Recommended,253110,12182025,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,masterwriter42,"Dark, immersive, and thrilling. The Cat Lady is one of the best games of this kind to come out in recent years. It's not a happy game, but it's a strong example of how a game can be very grim and still end up making you feel good. Voice acting is, with the exception of a couple minor characters, excellent. The game has a rather unique art style that isn't always easy on the eyes but it fits the situation quite nicely. This game is all about atmosphere, so it's a good thing that the sound and music deliver. The game's puzzles are often very simple, sometimes unfortunately so, but this means that while it won't stump you enough to give adventure game vets much to talk about, no one should get stuck for too long or have to resort to ""use everything on everything"" too often. I really love the characters in this game. I feel that anyone who enjoys old school adventure games will feel right at home with this one, and anyone who isn't squeemish or too put off by depressing subject matters will get their moneys worth. I can't reccomend The Cat Lady enough."
76561198051616250,Recommended,253110,16987910,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Spaz,"Definitely an adult game.  Some parts are quite shocking.  It has some really twisted content.  All in all tho, I enjoyed it.  It's not too long and it's not too short.The game is story driven, and there is ample dialogue choices and problems to solve.  Some scenes are very creepy and will make the hair stand up on your arms and leave gossebumps down your back.  There are definitely some jump scenes where you will literally jump back in your seat.The voice acting is mediocre, i like the look of the game - very well suited to the theme of the game, and mechanics are very simple."
76561198079124408,Recommended,253110,14878293,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ineptus Astartes,"This was the first game on Steam I have actually paid money for. Very well worth it.EDIT: Okay, so I've now actually finished it.Pros: For me this was a pretty new experience. The art and music I really loved. I found it very unique. I really enjoyed the puzzles & atmosphere it was able to create. The story and characters were interesting.Cons: Occasionally there was a puzzle that I tried to solve intuitively, but then just couldn't get no matter what I did. I'd then cheat & look at a walkthrough, and find the puzzle was something I'd already tried, but wasn't standing the character in *exactly* the right spot, or I'd have to try in the same spot several times before it would work. But this only happened maybe three or four times.Overall a really good gaming experience. Highly recommend to those who like story- and puzzle-driven games. Not recommended for those who are looking for an action game.8/10"
76561198079908340,Recommended,253110,21653962,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vox,YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS pls
76561198269626241,Recommended,253110,21654348,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,terramx77,"So when I first started playing this game...I was like ""I don't know"" but was quickly emersed. I haven't enjoyed a game this much in a very long while.  I recommend buying it at what ever price ( I did have to increass the ram to lose the lag) to support the developers, as well as recommending playing Downfall."
76561198137328275,Recommended,253110,22089249,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,thekapn655321,"Focus on this game is all about the totally Twisted story.Woman starts giving the introduction, which you quickly discover is her suicide note....Her sleeping pills start to take effect, as she nods off out of life..Begin game.Amazing way to start off! Was all about finding out what happens next.However, this is not as much game as it is story.. so don't go into this thinking you're going to get fun controls or multiplayer or any of that.. not that the story leaves any room for multiplayer.There is a decent amount of content, and I've actually not finished it yet.. but I have no complaints.Check this out for a mind -f."
,Recommended,253110,22115536,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,sarcasmagoria,"One of my absolute favorite games! With a great story and awesome atmosphere, it's one that I find myself drawn back to again and again."
76561197967631775,Recommended,253110,22134771,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Europa One X,I enjoyed this game A LOT!
,Recommended,253110,21930348,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,_Spookskrieg,i rate 8/8
76561198098022929,Recommended,253110,25239284,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kitty,"Honestly, I'm a crazy cat lady and only wanted it for the name. But looking at the photos, videos, and reviews I wanted to give it an honest try. I love the style of the game, Voice acting I heard a lot of horrible thing's but it, it is not as bad as you think. I give the voice acting a 7/10. The story of this game is so rich. It makes you want to complete it in a day. It only get's better. It is an amazing creepy game. Get past the first chapter and you will not want to stop. It is a point-and-click game but it dose make it a challenge at times, making it more interesting. $9.99 was well worth the price for this game!!!"
76561198087342515,Recommended,253110,30857679,Posted: 31 March,all,♠Øden♠,"This game will literally, make you rethink the value of life. Get ready for some serious depression, and post game sadness.10/10"
76561198082027067,Recommended,253110,25189658,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,genie.behan,A very immersive story and creepy atmosphere. I really enjoyed this game
76561198318936331,Recommended,253110,25045465,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,elliot1807,"I love the look of the game, its something different, the mood, the bits of humour, the freaky images. Having to click the spacebar through loads of dialog when going back to complete achievements i missed on the first run through is a little boring and time consuming though!"
,Recommended,253110,14133384,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tommy Wiseau,Play it. Simply play it.
76561198152700505,Recommended,253110,24833858,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,caligl,"This is probably one of my all-time favourites. I think the playtime in contrast to the actual length of the game speaks for itself.It just keeps you interested so that you try to go through all the options and unlock all the endings (which will have you fuming at the mouth with rage sometimes. Took me over a year and several playthroughs to get them all). But it never gets boring, even if you know what to do by heart. Every scene seems perfectly captured by ""its"" music, the atmosphere is disturbing and great, the balance between beauty and ugliness/carnage is just right and the characters really grow on you (big plus: great voice acting.) There is really no reason not to play this - maybe if you're not willing to spend your free time on ""deep♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; like this. But otherwise, there isn't really an excuse.What I found striking was that even though it is full of morbid and depressing themes, there's really a lot of hope in it. Not that it's any way of therapy or even a healthy way of coping with problems, but I would say that it is uplifting and feels somewhat positive. Towards the end, that is."
76561198043672830,Recommended,253110,24885062,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,spock35,"I took a chance on this game when it was on sale and am glad I did.  It was surprisingly good.   The graphics looked pretty primitive at first but I found it made the perfect feeling of dread and darkness that fit the story really well.   There's also a lot of dialogue in the game, but it also works well, since this is really a narrative game.   The voice acting was really good as well!  Even if you don't like psychological dark games, you still might like this one."
,Recommended,253110,25544209,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,jajodan,"Wow. Blew me away. Could not put the game down. I had to find out what was going to happen next, because there is no way of knowing what is coming your way."
,Recommended,253110,25578229,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DaBaphomet,"Incredible game, honestly. It's rare you find such a good quality indie horror; I'd use this as a basis of what makes a good indie horror game even. It's unique whilst being low-requirement at the same time in terms of computer specifications. There are a few bugs, but they are literally minor things and I've only been inconvenienced once at the very start of the game /spoiler-but-not-really/ when removing the knife from the deers body, if you press the activate button twice the game will crash.There's evidence of low quality voice acting, but honestly I couldn't care less.In terms of horror even, it's not that scary, but it has a wonderful dark atmosphere and that's really what I refer to. It stays spooky, suspenseful and mysterious and all-that without resorting to jump-scares or paranoia of such. Although it touches on some dark themes such as domestic abuse/sexual assault and predominantly suicide, it's not done in a ""shock factor"" way and honestly paves the storyline wellStill leaves SO many questions open: Creates more questions than it answers. But that really just makes me want to play more.9/10; would give a full 10/10 but even I have to admmit the voice acting at times can really grate on me. Anne Burton's mic is the true parasite..."
,Recommended,253110,24381603,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,OwO What's This?,"A beautiful game that centres around the life and misery of a woman who suffers from depression. The story doesn't glorify things, you will see suffering of not only your character but those around her. A must play for any who enjoy games like Fran Bow. Susan's story will stay with you for a long time, and the ideas presented both textually and visually will captivate you. The story does not hold back, and you will have the actions of characters displayed blatantly in front of you.Pros:-Amazing story and concept-Great soundtrack-Relatable female protaganist-Interesting art style and directionCons:-""Unique"" controls-Occasional text skips and repeats-Voice acting can be hit or miss. Susan's sounds fine but characters like Liz can sound like they were recorded with a lesser quality mic."
76561197967189787,Recommended,253110,15826568,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Phonyx §§,Incredible game!
76561197973278579,Recommended,253110,15482272,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mephiston,The game offers a glimpse into the world of the depressed.If you ever wanted to get a glimpse at that very essence - this game is for you .
76561198097824548,Recommended,253110,15483079,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,saftypingirl,"Very good. A little slow in some areas, but as a whole this was a very good game with a great story."
,Recommended,253110,15851890,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,terraiin,"You are a lady obsessed with cats, is on a mental trip, and kills people. 10/10"
76561198103739076,Recommended,253110,15854753,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,shish.msk,I have dissolved in this game. I am no more.
76561198033585739,Recommended,253110,15663871,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fristtac,"A very well-written character-driven story game.  The atmosphere was just right for me, with a mix of well timed scares and a general disturbing atmosphere.  I began to really sympathize with Susan as the game progressed and was very satisfied with how the game concluded.My only negatives, I would say are first: It was shorter than I'd hoped and second: that there were a couple of buggy parts where the scene would lag, but that problem may not apply to everyone, I don't know.Anyway, if you're looking for an intriguing psychological story game, look no further!- 9/10"
,Recommended,253110,15619687,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DoctorLampo,"Cannot save the game..... The story is  fascinating, but the saving problem is  sooo annoying.... Hope they can fix this problem"
76561197981878975,Recommended,253110,15606409,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cryptoglue,"This game has found a special place in my heart, it may be a disfunctional place but a place all the same.  This developer can weave a story that makes you give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about a person who gives no ♥♥♥♥♥.   It's human, horrible and beautiful, my hats off to you dev."
76561198037373000,Recommended,253110,15648320,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,A Poem of Bragi,"Oh boy. This game.Okay, I have marked that I recommend it, but it has some minor flaws that ruin what could have been a truly great game.It's SLOW. Slow slow slow slow slow. My god is it slow. After Chapter 2 it's forgivable, but before that it's ridiculous.  So much text, so much voice-acting (which, don't get me wrong, is well done and sounds good), you'll forget you're playing a game sometimes and think you're watching a movie. It's like come on, when do I get to start the ♥♥♥♥ing game?! This IS a game, right?! I was like an hour and a half into the game-ahem, movie, before I finally got to do some puzzle-solving.The controls. Okay, there's only like two keys in addition to the movement keys anyway, but cut me a break, it's 2015, we should be able to remap keys to wherever we want, in any game. To not have this feature is silly.I'm not sure how to delete save files, which is a problem, because even if you name a save file the same name as one that already exists, it won't ask you to replace the old one, it'll just create another with the same exact name. Figure that one out. Moreover, where the hell is autosave? I know you can save whenever you want to, but I lost the first hour of progress the first time I tried playing because the game crashed. I was expecting there to be an autosave feature, like almost every other game these days.You can skip individual lines that people say by hitting spacebar (which took me a little while to figure out, usually it's the esc. key or something), but you still have to wait through the pauses in conversation, and if you're trying to do another playthrough to get that Golden Ending, 99.9% of the dialogue you've seen already.When you do get to do a bit of actual gameplay, the game is fun and not too heavy on the logic and moon-physics typical of these sorts of games. Immortality notwithstanding, Susan is bound by the same rules as anyone else. It's a little easy, but not TOO easy.Now, the story itself. The Cat Lady is about a woman who tries to kill herself. She is given a second chance at life, so to speak, by an old woman who identifies herself as the Queen of Maggots. She has to kill 5 ""parasites"", sick, depraved people whom you won't feel the least bit bad about offing after a bit of plot and character development. All the while Susan works through her own depression and flashbacks of her past life. You'll feel for her and genuinely want to see her through this to the end, and the first parasite you kill will make you feel empowered. This is where the game really shines: Susan and Mitzi are fleshed out, well developed characters, with believable motivations and fears. Anyone who has any experience with depression, their own or someone elses, will relate. A statement about pain, loss, death, the human condition.The images and settings often take on a psychedelic, surreal twist, and nothing is ever as it seems. There are some scary and creepy bits, but it's not a horror game in the normal sense of the term. There aren't really any jumpscares and that clearly wasn't the intent anyway, the game uses scary imagery as a means to an end, not the end itself.If you can get past the annoying, stupid game mechanics problems that make the game way more inaccessible than it needs to be, you'll find a game that will keep you thinking long after you've shut it off."
76561198032243148,Recommended,253110,15776925,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Nordland,"Anxiety, depression, misery, sadness... the list goes on with emotions that this game delivers.A dark, disturbing game that delivers a story that are both beautiful and sad.The game play itself is very easy, but that's not important, the story is.A wonderful game, absolutely one of the best story driven game I've played."
76561198038346980,Recommended,253110,15599164,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,HyperSocks,"Very slow at the beginning, but if you can hold your horses i mean really really tightly then the game gets you addicted and you won't want to stop playing. Best $3 I spent on a game! :D"
,Recommended,253110,15601692,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SimulationGamer,This game is such a great game! I can't wait to see more games from this guy! :D
,Recommended,253110,15635752,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Aeo,"The Cat Lady.This game is not just about the Cat Lady.This game is not just about Susan Ashworth.This game may be about you.This game will leave you thinking about your life, how you view it and how you value it.I don't know, the hangover's just great that I'm lost for words."
,Recommended,253110,15641065,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Janicus,"I don't know why I bought this, but I'm glad I did. This indie game provides a nice and solid story with interesting themes. It's dark, gruesome and mature. The puzzles are not too bad either. The best part of this game is for me the atmosphere. The soundtrack is pretty much perfect and lifts the entire experience to a whole new level. Probably my favorite horror game thus far.The Cat Lady doesn't try to scare you with jumpscares like todays horror games to the point that it becomes silly, but rather builds a scary atmosphere and screws with your senses.The Cat Lady's only weak parts were some of the animations and voice acting, but it does not ruin the experience at all. The way it handles it's themes and tells it's story is really impressive. And it's a indie game too so that makes everything even more impressive! A definite *thumbs up* from me.Cheers!"
,Recommended,253110,25816327,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,SpeechImpediment,"I don't often write reviews for games after I play them, but this game deserves some recommendation. When I first got the game, I played 5 minutes of it and it just seemed slow and not too great. THOUGH that was most definitely not a bad thing. As I continued to play, it began to explain its self. I stopped worrying so much about the awkward gameplay and more about the story and the world. I got ridiculously immersed even though the gameplay was confusing and some processes took me a long time. It throws you in a world you know little about, but enough to guess and question. So learning the story as it reveals is extremely satisfying. The story offers deep perspective, it is very unpreictable, immersive, emotional and it does a very great job at making a real world setting sinister, creepy and without jumpscares, horriffic while remaining realistic. Which for a sidescrolling game like this one, I imagine would be awfully hard to do. Not to mention the artstyle. It is so inconsistent in textures - between realistic and pixelated - but it somehow manages to create the perfect aptmosphere  that's easy to look at. A unique and admirable artstyle. The games story and art makes up for the slow and at times awkward gameplay by far.I RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF:You would like to get immersed in a twisted creepy depressing story.You like puzzles.You like simple, though quality games.You're a fan of psyhcological horror games.And I recommend it to anyone else who's interested. It is well worth $10 for sure."
,Recommended,253110,25728131,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,iasjem,"A Long Review for The Cat LadyThis game is my first purchase here on Steam. All I can say is that the story is brilliant but the voice acting is pretty bad. The puzzles are good though. I also like how the game messed up my mind on how I should make good decisions to get the right ending and achievements. I am done with al of the achievements now. Is it scary? Yes, it is scary if you thought about the story as a whole but like other horror stories, it has some boring chapters, too. I don't like Chapter 5 and 6. It didn't make it terrifying for me. Chapter 2 and 4 are my best bets because of the horrific atmosphere and unimagineable scenarios that will definitely make you terrified.Well, for Chapter 6, it must have been horrific for me but one thing that does not make sense is the part when Susan met Joe then everything went into a nightmare. When she finally woke up from the nightmare, she got back from her original place to meet up with Mitzi. Strangely enough, the items you got from the nightmare were in your inventory. It does not make ANY sense!! So, this is the reason why Chapter 6, for me, ruined the whole horror scenario. Other than that scene, there are some more questionable scenes for the couple Joe and Ivy Davis that I think if you have not played the first game called Downfall, you won't be able to understand what is going on with them at all. They should have made it more intense than the phrase ""Devil came through here"" and the screams. I mean is that suppose to scare me?In Chapter 5, things are good with the story-telling and finally, a revealation about Susan's past. What I didn't get was the pursuer. Why is he holding flowers and suddenly, attacked from nowhere? Do the developers want us to believe that this guy is just a psycho who breaks randomly on other people's flat? And why is he holding the same flowers that Susan remembered in her past? If he was the suitor of Susan in the past, she would have noticed his face from the confrontation but no.... He was just a psycho guy who wanted to kill them. I do believe it destroyed the whole sense of the story. How I wish it was Eric's relative or the suitor Susan met before.I want to also add the unnecessary bug I found in-game. It was in Chapter 2. The sarcastic nurse was repeating her own lines when she read the wrist band as Anne Burton before she injects me a drug. I wish the developers have fixed it.Story - 8/10 (great story but with some loopholes)Characters - 7/10 (Some characters does not make any sense like the Psycho guy in chapter 5. However, the main character, Susan Ashworth, has a good character development throughout the game)Graphics - 7/10 (There are some scenes that the character sprites seem inconsistent. I noticed that especially in the beginning of Chapter 2)Gameplay- 10/10 (Absolutely a good puzzle game)Atmosphere - 8/10 (The story makes you feel terrified except for Chapter 5 and 6)Audio - 7/10 (good ambience, sound and music but bad voice overs)Overall, the story is good. There are just some loopholes and unnecessary scenes that I wish was recognized and got fixed. Despite the negatives, I still think this is a good game and worth your time and money. You have to play this game untill the end to appreciate its beauty. The sounds and music of this game is great though. I like it a lot. Is this worth your money? Yes, it is worth your money especially if you're into Psychological Horror with Puzzle games. This is absolutely for you."
76561198075356604,Recommended,253110,26082324,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chicken Eggs,"One of the best games I played. Amazing storytelling, great characters and it really questions your morality."
76561198062548924,Recommended,253110,26082611,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,COONCE,i would try to explain how good this game is or why i liked it.Instead I will just say give 8 hours of your life to it and it will pay for itself
,Recommended,253110,26002269,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Al-Crypt.zu],10/10 buy it :)
76561198171731591,Recommended,253110,25562313,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,theonly1staring,needless to say its like playing a movie but you get so submersed into the artistry and storyline. The soundtrack/musical score is amazing and really brings the gameplay together as well. Much needed props for this one! If you need more play than story you may want to pass otherwise yes
76561198075214178,Recommended,253110,25620436,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,<Leinz>,pretty sick
76561198337650365,Recommended,253110,26137162,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,werewolfgirl2005,"I love this game so much, the only concern I had was that it was glitchy on my PC, It would freeze and I'd have to restart the whole section. However since the replay value and generally just great gamplay made it fun instead of feeling like work.The story, the atmosphere, the characters, everything was top notch, and Rita Tickle is just terrible lol."
76561197970685997,Recommended,253110,26027978,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,rufous jayes,"A really cool and dark (and bloody) point and click adventure. Interesting story, well made graphics - only the puzzles are most of the time damn easy. With 9,5 h for a playthrough also of good length."
76561198018189810,Recommended,253110,26936162,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alexeht,"This is example of Point and Click game which I would appreciate more than modern 'QTE' 'adventure' games. Story is amazing, morbid and artwork adds to the feeling. If you ever considered suicide, this game can be even more interesting.9/11 for unique experience"
,Recommended,253110,26699789,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kaeltsee,"Although the story is a bit dark I really enjoyed it. Each chapter kept me on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happens next, unravel the next piece of the main character's sad past, and beat the next puzzle. The art and voice work was wonderfully done."
76561198101351595,Recommended,253110,26684269,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MintySpaff,"This is a game that I just can't seem to let go of. I watched a playthrough of the game quite a few years before I got the opportunity to buy it. In the time between these two encounters, my interest didn't fade in the slightest.Every part of this game is well done. The plot is compelling, the art is gorgeous, the atmosphere really sinks into your being and the characters of Susan and Mitzi are so developed! And the game lasts quite a while, so you have plenty of time to enjoy it.I love that the enemies in this game are part human and part otherwordly monster. From the moment I saw the nurse and her husband, and nearly crapped myself because of them, I knew I had come across a real gem of a game.The 2D graphics work surprisingly well with the horror aspects. Tentatively moving forward and seeing what comes into frame feels like peering around corners for a terrifying bogeyman.The sounds are excellently selected, right down to the somewhat gruff voice of Ms. Ashworth. This is a game that knew what emotions it wanted to evoke and how to do it.I encountered a grand total of ONE issue with the game: when Susan is about to be hauled off by the nurse's husband (in the fog scene) the frame rate plummets. But even then, the five minute wait for the game to return to normal is well worth it.This is the gold standard of Indie gaming. It's absolute perfection."
76561198036255381,Recommended,253110,26764679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BAD NEWS EVERYONE!,game was pretty rad although the ending was a bit preachier than what i was expecting/would've liked
,Recommended,253110,26629367,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Volute & Pixlet,"A very special game... Surprising and interesting.First, the technic is horrible. The UI is not intuituve, the game doesn't scale to your screen nicely, ... It really looks like a ""first"" game.Second, the game is easy. Like very easy. As a point&click game, you will have no trouble to find objects and mix them to solve the ""puzzles"". Don't expect any challenges.So, why do I recommand this game ? The STORY.The story is really what makes this game so good. The game is about death, suicide, life, solitude, ... Not easy right ? But the cat lady story is subtle, intense, interesting, mature. It will make you think about your life, some of your friends or familly.So the cat lady is a game you will play for the story, as an interactive novel or something like that.Definitively an experience."
76561198049301323,Recommended,253110,26902519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hathondir,"The Cat Lady is an absolutely marvelous game! The story, the art, the puzzles, everything is brilliantly composed! Although this is marked as a horror game, it tries not to scare you with jumpscares but to disturb with it's creepy and gory imagery. I have to say this game is worth every cent I paid for it!"
,Recommended,253110,26926265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tharyon,"By the time you reach the end of this little gem, it's highly unlikely that you'll find yourself to be totally merry and joyful."
76561198030370834,Recommended,253110,26927138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Comrade Cat,The Bit.ch of Maggots makes me Nut fr
,Recommended,253110,26928288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Desrengier,I loved the hell out of this game and have replayed. I'm actually planning on playing again soon. :)  It's intense and can sometimes hit a familiar cord. I recommend this to those who know the world is not ever normal. So much <3<3<3
,Recommended,253110,28004294,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Yvershek,Amazing game. Wish more games could handle difficult subjects this well.
,Recommended,253110,28048767,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sierra!!♥,"Honestly, the most phenomenal game I've ever played. It's story is brilliant, and if you can handle dark subjects, please do check this game out. I also recommend Downfall, a story that connects with this one in a sense."
76561198073856262,Recommended,253110,22290389,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DavidDavidson,"'The Cat Lady' is a really immersive, atmospheric and emotional game with great art work.The story is well written and original. Another big plus is the games soundtrack that underlines its atmosphere and adds to its immersiveness. Something that might be considered negative by some is that the audio-quality is sometimes only mediocre. Personally I wasn't annoyed by it though.Resumé: I would buy and play the game any time again. If you are looking for original game design and story line, this is for you."
76561198048284887,Recommended,253110,28028489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AQA473,"Just as a warning, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing weird. The art looks like stock photos taken from the Saw films and all the characters look like they're covered in warts and burns. Light and dark play a heavy role in the style of Cat Lady, and are often used in puzzles.The Cat Lady is a ""point-and-click"" adventure. I use the quotes because the Cat Lady client doesn't let you use the mouse. All the controls are the arrow keys, the esc key, space bar, and enter key. There are puzzles, item collection, following clues, all that standard adventure stuff, but the puzzles shouldn't be too tricky for anyone familiar with point-and-clicks.The real star of the show is the narrative. The game starts with our depressed protagonist, Susan Ashworth (great name), committing suicide in front of her favorite cat. The story quickly devolves into chaos as you hunt down ""parasites"" and reveal the secrets surrounding each.I bought this the same time I bought the Longest Journey, and I prefer this. It's shorter, a little easier, the puzzles make more sense, and it's WAY darker. The comparison to Saw is not coincidental. There is death, implied/attempted♥♥♥♥♥♥ lots of themes of suicide, terminal illness, grief, abuse, kidnappings, the list goes on.The game looks weird, sound quality tends to be hit-or-miss, dialogue can be unbelievable at times, and the story is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous, but everything works. I replayed the first chapter so I could do the steam award thing and I thought ""What if this game was remade with a modern 3d engine, enhanced audio, and a generally higher budget?"" Honestly? I think it would ruin the game. It just works being a creepy indie thriller. Despite it being a largely female cast, no one is sexy or sexualized (though I think a few of the characters are sexy in a creep sort of way), all the parasites and their torture hovels are creepy as hell, and all the psychadelic moments wouldn't be the same in an advanced engine.This is one of my favorite games of all time and recommend it to anyone that can stomach it. It's not for the feint of heart, though it's low-budget visuals might help with that. Music is 10/10, voice acting hits where it counts, art adds to the creep factor, and the story keeps you guessing every corner. If you're dumb like me, you might need to look up a walkthrough for certain segments, and if you want the golden ending, then you definitely will. Not the greatest review, but I just needed to say I love this game and it's hard to elaborate on that without spoiling it. It's cheep♥♥♥♥♥hell and takes up almost no space on your computer. Just get the damn thing and complain about it later."
,Recommended,253110,22471308,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,WMR,"10/10 So sick. Love it.Also, achievements did not work."
76561198068398360,Recommended,253110,22354786,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,meritcoba,"The cat lady is a neat little game that is most certainly recommend if you are into stories with light game play.  It is centered around story telling and does this especially by surrealistic atmospherice scenery and moody themes. This through visual art and musicm which are well made to support the mood.. There isn't much gameplay to be had because it isn't really a game, but more like an interactive story.I found it also a gripping story as it is about two lost souls who find a new hope through their unexpected companionship. One finds herself in hospital after a failed suicide attempt, the other has only a short time to live. It is a dark theme.I am glad that we keep exploring the many ways that we can tell stories to people as I see that next to games we get interactive stories and even (game) movies. The options are many and it is good to see that they get explored..VerdictI think that you choose this game for the story more than for its game value.Some like that, others don't care for it.  Enjoy the diversity.9 out of 10."
,Recommended,253110,22333745,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Riserdale,Simple game with beautiful story.
,Recommended,253110,22527107,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Conman the Barbarian,"It's a brilliant exploratory horror game, with an emotionally charged story. I bought the game on a whim a few years ago, and I was not disappointed. If you're a fan of story driven exploration games, then give The Cat Lady a whirl."
,Recommended,253110,22413926,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Chodaboï,Extremely Good game; with a solid and smart plotline and strong visual elements. You'll never get bored!
,Recommended,253110,22488231,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,donAllister,"This game is a solid experience, from beginning to end. Interesting puzzles, if puzzles the right word, good story and the art style is very fitting for the nature of the game. Dark, brutal and at the same time peppered with loving moments and funny bits. Simple 2D scroller with a well constructed and executed storyline. The characters are believable and enjoyable, you like them as much as you are reviled by the things and people they deal with.A great mix of surreal style, excellent story, and enjoyable things you have to do to get through the game, no matter how twisted they are you enjoy it. Would recommend."
,Recommended,253110,22255292,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,garethc1982,Brilliant
76561198061304357,Recommended,253110,24282936,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Neon Apple,"This game is so long! Or maybe it feels that way because it's so emotionally taxing that I can only do shorter sessions. But it doesn't feel drawn out. It's a story that, if you're anything like me, you'll want to know what happens next."
76561198121314563,Recommended,253110,24310204,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Serenity,"If you ever thought that good games with good plots ended back in the 90s or early 00s, then this one will change your mind. It can be tricky to find a game that is not a shooter, or Amnesia-like horror, so The Cat Lady came out to be a surprise for me. It's not for everyone - both, in terms of the story, graphics, and the design overall. But I felt like quite a lot of moments, certain lines in the dialogues, it will all be relevant to people who know what depression feels like. It will definitely be relevant. The soundtrack only adds to the atmosphere. Perhaps, it was one of the best features of this game.The voice acting did seem a bit weird at times, as if recorded at different times, at different places/conditions, but still good nonetheless. Idk if anyone else faced the same problem, but the game won't save any of your progress at some times, so I found that a tiny bit disappointing. But that could be just me, so don't mind that.The Cat Lady is the game which I play whenever I feel down, and it helps. For that, I say: it's a masterpiece."
76561198142717293,Recommended,253110,24131811,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gr0tAsk,"I'm after the first play of the game, and i am sure that i will play it again.This is a realy fun game with some interesting puzzle and very nice athmosphere. The strong part of the game is the way it represents its subject matter: Depression. I personaly have not suffered from real depression in my life, and this realy made me think about the subject. If you like to think about psychologycal stuff like this, check this game out.I realy enjoyed the horror/disturbing stuff in the game. The game could have more of those in my opinion, but maybe only my hunger for darkness speaking."
,Recommended,253110,28454052,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Maese Mateo,"Amazing game, one of the best I've played, I enjoyed every second of it.10/10"
76561198090065626,Recommended,253110,28386966,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MataMoscas,"Pretty good game, the environment and soundtrack are awesome, and the game really hooked me up on it, 9/10 would play it again!"
76561198076428360,Recommended,253110,28255505,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ivegotahamster,"I don't play horror games but I really enjoyed this one. Really interesting art style, voice acting and puzzles. Well worth playing."
,Recommended,253110,28395596,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,UndeadInDenial,"Really fantastic game. The story, music, and art are all phenomenal. Worth its price for sure."
,Recommended,253110,28213018,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SarinOmega,"Dark atmosphere, great artwork, and challenging puzzles. An awesome and memorable game overall."
76561198358368049,Recommended,253110,29434029,Posted: 22 January,all,shawnalynnmorrison,"This game is absolutley amazing! Im so shocked at the storyline and the soundtrack, its a dark game but it is so beautiful. this is definately a game for people looking for a different, story rich game. Honestly the ending was the cherry on top for me, im sad that it is over."
,Recommended,253110,29474566,Posted: 24 January,all,alex-illusion,"This is one of the best games I have played in the past few years. Besides the beautiful and unique artistic direction chosen by the creators, this game has been worked to perfection in pretty much every aspect.For example, the storytelling has a satisfying pace and keeps your interest at high leves for pretty much the whole playthrough. The characters have a personality of their own and you will feel compassion for them in many instances. Another big achievement is that the state of depression is given in such a bold and clear way from the very beginning, without feeling forced.The (for its biggest part dark) soundtrack stands out and captures the feeling of what is happening on your screen, be it fear, aggression or loneliness. It will haunt you for days after you finish the game. And finally, all the different endings have something strong to give to you. It is really worth it trying to achieve the true ending.Many thanks to a small group of people for delivering an experience like this. Now I have to play Downfall as well."
,Recommended,253110,29491783,Posted: 25 January,all,TheScatterbrain,"You can't get around the fact that this game is rough around the edges. The artwork varies in quality, the controls are clunky and old fashioned, some of the voice acting is pretty bad, and the audio quality is often terrible.But it just doesn't matter, because the story and emotion delivered here is so solid that it easily outweighs that kind of superficial flaws.It can be tough to get through The Cat Lady since it focuses on some heavy themes, but overall the game has a pretty uplifting message, I promise.Susan, the main character, starts out ready to kill herself and has given up on everything, and you just have to tag along on her journey away from this extremely low point. And man, as someone who has dealt with depression on and off for most of my life, I gotta say the writing is spot on. I have never seen another game portray what depression is like so accurately.But The Cat Lady isn't just a game about a sad, sad lady. It's also a horror story and a story about friendship and a pretty good mystery with an interesting ""villain"" in the end. The sad, sad lady even turns out to be a bit of a badass.My only beef with this game is that it gets so gruesome in some parts that it feels at odds with how human and relatable the other parts are. The bad guys are really, really bad, to a point where they're more like cartoon villains than people. But eh, I guess it's a matter of taste whether you like your bad guys nuanced or just plain evil."
,Recommended,253110,29460597,Posted: 24 January,all,The Dainty Cossack,"Disturbing. Deep. Beautiful but haunting.You're playing as Susan, a 40 year old suicidal jobless woman living somewhere in England, who upon attempting to kill herself is given another chance by a myserious entity: she's made immortal until she gets rid of 5 very bad people she will encounter. It really thrusts you into a semblance of what derelict poverty is like in the first world. You ncan understand and sympathize why she has chronic depression, why she's lonely and why she commits suicide.This is not ""horror"" per se. It's a scary, disturbing side scrolling novella that i only recommend if you are looking to explore very dark themes."
,Recommended,253110,29539233,Posted: 28 January,all,Jakey Poo™,"With how prevelant depression is in today's society you'd think more games would follow in tow with The Cat Lady and its telling story.If you haven't heard or played this game before I suggest picking it up, especially if you are someone who has or is currently dealing with depression. It's one heck of a ride.Art style is kind of weird and may be off-putting to some, but the story in itself is worth powering through it."
76561198136915830,Recommended,253110,29304423,Posted: 16 January,all,mielbaldwin,"Admittedly, I wasn't expecting much when I got the game. The story seemed interesting, but I didn't think it'd pan out. I was wrong, the first chapter wasn't my favorite, but it gets much better afterwards. The back stories are wonderful, and the multiple endings are worthwhile.This game really got me into indie games, and it's been challenging to find games I enjoy as much as this one. If they ever make anything related to this game, I am getting it. The writing is wonderful!Pros:-Well written story and dialogue-Choices affect story line, so multiple playthroughs are necesary-Simple puzzles make it active, so you're not just reading a story-While you can complete the game in a day (Think it was 6-8 hours per playthrough), it's not as stort as other indie games.-Art and music were enjoyableCons:-First chapter made this game seem like a gore-fest for kicks, but if you give it a chance it's worthwhile-Some of the puzzles aren't straight-forward, use a walkthrough if you get stuck-One glitchy area, when you are outside in the fog she walks very slow, but once you're past the cut scene it's fine."
,Recommended,253110,29368848,Posted: 19 January,all,dog,"This game has potential.I notice that a lot of people are complaining about the graphics and voice acting/audio quality, and while that did bother me, I got used to it within minutes. However, it seems more like the Beta version of the game.First, I played through to right before where chapter 1 ends. Then, I had to move away from my computer for a while, so I wasn't able to finish. In the end, I found myself opening the game to hope I see that it saved, but it didn't.After seeing this, I just assumed it auto-saved between chapters, so I played through all of chapter 1 again and made it into what I think was about half-way into chapter 2 (the part whereyou get the red drug from the beating heart.)  Then, the game crashed when I tried opening the toilet again, with the only thing I could do be turning subtitles on and off using the 'T' button.Basically, I'm just saying the save feature should be more specified like how the arrow key controls are explained at the beginning, because I still don't know how to save the game. The game should also be less buggy so it's more of a complete game rather than some Beta version that crashes often (or maybe I just got unlucky, idk).I think this game is good if you're into psychological/surreal horror games that also have interesting storylines, but ONLY if you are into those games. It'll probably disappoint you otherwise, and it might disappoint you anyways if you get stuck in a situation like me where you're in the middle of a chapter and the game decides to crash and you have to start all over."
76561198348850837,Recommended,253110,29389337,Posted: 20 January,all,FaDe_To_BlAcK,Very interesting plot that kept me wanting more when it was over.
76561198162553073,Recommended,253110,29357651,Posted: 19 January,all,LunchMeat2000,I'm only into Chapter 5 and I'm loving this game.  Great atmosphere.  Intense story.  Not for kids.  Love the artwork.  Great soundtrack.  You can find yourself sympathizing with the pain that the main character is going through.  Will definitely play again.
76561198338938233,Recommended,253110,29380367,Posted: 20 January,all,kennethwessel,"wow.....this adult game deals with some heavy topics like suicide, hell, the devil, death, killing, serial killers, cannibalism!never played anything like it, and i did love this game. the ending was very satisfying, too.i recommend it for people wanting more than a shooting game. i'd give it 5 out of 5 stars."
76561198285234052,Recommended,253110,29627383,Posted: 1 February,all,-YourLadyFriend,"10/10 will play again.Great story, sounds and challenging puzzles.Wish it was longer, but this was a nice end."
,Recommended,253110,28741096,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lovecraft's Siren,"THIS GAME HIT ME RIGHT IN THE HEART OMG, Honestly far more pleased with this game than I would have ever expected"
,Recommended,253110,28816105,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,emrknight,"This game is awesome. I played it non-stop until I finished it. The universe is nice. I got to see in the eyes of a depressed person, have some hallucinations, I created bonds with the characters and felt emotions during my time with the game. There were some spooky moments here and there, but it mostly was an eerie and creepy vibe pretty much all the time. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes cool and well developed stories. Some puzzles were kinda stretched in the logic, but it was manageable in general. Go for it!"
76561198095924054,Recommended,253110,29142727,Posted: 9 January,all,FusionJay,"I'm not sure if you could classify this as a game, its like one of those TellTale products like the Walking Dead series, Back to the Future, Minecraft Story Mode but a indie style creation. Sadly I'm no longer a big fan of this genre, since I could easily watch a Lets Play on youtube of it. The game has good reviews and the dark gruesome fairy tale direction is what made me buy this game to actually play but like I said, I was better off just watching someone else play it without the commentary.The game is very linear, mildly engaging and doesn't provide much option or changes to the way you play the game, not to say there aren't some choices to be made, but nothing to truly affect the main plot.Since this game is about a story, I would give this a C+ and the characters involved can vary from mild to extremely interesting. What's really interesting is the creation of a sub plot called ""Downfall"", Which is tied to character in Cat Lady and that is something worth looking into.If you're a big fan of this type of genre then it's something to put in your collection."
76561197966604206,Recommended,253110,29134596,Posted: 8 January,all,MajorKiz,"Well written, surprisingly in-depth point and click (actually select-with-arrow-keys) horror game.One warning- it's fully voice acted (and well done) and some dialog sections are lengthy, so don't get it if you prefer lots of puzzles and very little plot. This one is heavy on the story.There are a number of twists and unexpected revelations mixed in with the spookiness and the serial killers and a surprisingly uplifting redemption story too."
,Recommended,253110,29710461,Posted: 4 February,all,Sodium,"Hauntingly beautiful. This game really makes you sink into the world of surrealism and yet portrays mental illness in the most realistic and relatable way. It's not very action-based but the profound story and fantastic audio design makes it worth your time. Some puzzles might take a while, and the pace is rather slow, but if you're a patient gamer, definitely give it a go."
76561197976612595,Recommended,253110,29601184,Posted: 31 January,all,MechZahn,"Disturbing. Surreal. Terrifying. Unforgettable.If these words make a cocktail worth drinking in to you, this game is worth your time.In a nut shell, you play someone whom is living on the edge sent to kill those whom kill by a wicked spirit.It might play like a click and play adventure, but its story is so much more than the sum of its parts.   Sorrowfully told, what it’s like to live with real depression, to struggle to find your place in the world. The sense that some people will never treat you with kindness no matter how kind you become.The music is top notch. The acting is perfect for what it is. Play it, if you dare."
,Recommended,253110,29120812,Posted: 8 January,all,Keeki o Yakimashou,"Very high production value, the sountrack is excellent and the artstyle is full of personality.I found the whole experiece extremely enjoyable."
76561198085915849,Recommended,253110,28906726,Posted: 1 January,all,Gasoline,"8.5/10. Actually I'd like a much darker version:Mitzi will betray Susan and Susan will kill her then become the real death angel,walking among people,looking for sinners and never ending slaughter...There's when I'm really touched:After being shouted at by her neighbor,Susan opened the door and began to cry. She cried to sleep. I empathize that,totally. I've been feeling depression and emptiness for a while now. And that night,I lied on my bed,thinking of this plot and murmuring, ""I know. I know. I know..."" I do know this feeling. That's why I feel sad and full of angry..."
76561198051196407,Recommended,253110,28972519,Posted: 3 January,all,mykulgrey,"If you like dark and disturbing you'll find a lot to enjoy here. It's popular enough that if you get stuck on any of the puzzles google/youtube will lead you to walk throughs to get unstuck. The dominant themes are depression, suicide, murder and vengence, and the art and music effectively convey the right sort of melancholy for the themes. It definitely has a small studio/indie feel and periodically disturbing content - so if you are squeamish about either, be forewarned.  That said, I don't regret playing it, and don't at all feel it was a waste of time or money. I very much enjoyed the music, and the ending and would recommend it if a darker themed point and click game appeals to you."
,Recommended,253110,33054062,Posted: 30 June,all,Gina Guacamole,"This game made me cry, enough said."
76561198090027670,Recommended,253110,33329482,Posted: 6 July,all,Potato,"Everything about this game is amazing. It's got to be one of the best games i've played on steam. If you like horror, of course cats, a incredible story and voice acting, buy it :^)"
76561198023300019,Recommended,253110,33352844,Posted: 7 July,all,Lotherien,"This is fu*king wonderful. Dark, macabre, noir, gore and intense. It really makes you feel the anger and depression of the cat lady, presenting a twisted world, still emotionally realistic. I love the protagonist, I can empathize with here. Don't mind the graphics, because the story is absolutely worth it."
76561198011792948,Recommended,253110,12845521,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,onyx lord 138,"I like video games; they are fun. Unlike most ""games"" the cat lady is a piece of digital art, and i mean it in every sense of the word. this game is on par with great literature and was my ""coming of age game"" and is the only game to have a hard impact on my life."
76561198004068936,Recommended,253110,33616488,Posted: 17 July,all,Luke (CZ/EN),"Strongly recommended to all fans of horror video games and horror in general. Smart story, well developed main character, fun puzzles and excellent atmosphere."
,Recommended,253110,31049313,Posted: 9 April,all,Odezia,I was stuck for so long in chapter 2 lol! Dark game but that's what makes it so good I think. Definitely worth playing!
,Recommended,253110,30182984,Posted: 25 February,all,Racxie,Very ♥♥♥♥ed up game with a great soundtrack which deals with issues such as depression and loss. Has basic gameplay with a great visual style. Just wish it had a better save system and that some of the cutscenes could be skipped when replaying some scenes. Otherwise great game and I might even be tempted to grab the soundtrack!
76561197991673649,Recommended,253110,30211428,Posted: 26 February,all,Ttdkrz,A fantastic story driven game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,253110,28656996,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Guybrush3pwood,"Brutal game, but well made despite some iffy sound quality of some of the voice actors. Well worth a play."
76561198019075060,Recommended,253110,30238254,Posted: 28 February,all,Hellfire,"The game and the story was very good. The scary cutscenes, shady characters and wonderful music creates the awesome atmosphere you want in a game like this! Only downside is that I would prefer to use a controller, which you cannot do.. I would recommend this game to annyone who likes horror games! 9.5 / 10!"
,Recommended,253110,30348547,Posted: 5 March,all,Magnex91,"How do I even begin to describe this game? It checks every box on the ""Stuff I Love in Games"" list. Female-protagonist; horror elements; challenging without being obnoxious; consistent tone without being boring; and the best story I've ever seen in a game. This trumps Undertale, and I don't say that lightly. If you ever listen to a stranger on the Internet about one thing, let it be this: Buy and play this game."
76561198025182307,Recommended,253110,30302450,Posted: 3 March,all,Andrewsfoot,"Cool Puzzle game, a little too short, but that kinda kept me from getting bored with it. Has a cool messgae and diffrent endings based on your actions. Ever since fable im a sucker for that"
76561198076311823,Recommended,253110,31209425,Posted: 17 April,all,Grantholomeu,"The Cat Lady is an insanely amazing game, but it isn't the type of game you really want to play with friends and kick back on a Friday night. I would recommend playing The Cat Lady alone and just letting yourself be enveloped by the atmosphere of it. The Cat Lady's main character has struggled through depression and is saved from the brink of death. However, she is still very depressed and because of this, The Cat Lady might not be ""fun"" like Mortal Kombat, but it is incredibly interesting in how it portrays other humans' emotions. The game is largely puzzles and working your way around to the next scene, but they aren't too difficult, and that's how I would keep it. The story keeps going that way and keeps the player from becoming frustrated. Finally, you might not think that a sidescroller can be too scary, but there are scenes that are pretty disturbing. This might be a turn off for some people, but I love that The Cat Lady both has incredible imagination behind it, and that it isn't afraid to show a gruesome side of life."
,Recommended,253110,29206313,Posted: 12 January,all,文能控萝莉，武能压人妻,我们需要中文　Ｃｈｉｎｅｓｅ
,Recommended,253110,29220294,Posted: 13 January,all,Buszu,The only other game that made me feel THAT uncomfortable was Silent Hill 2. Do i have to add anything? Absolutely brilliant.
76561198352538921,Recommended,253110,29243810,Posted: 14 January,all,quangtran527,HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS MIND F*CK/AWESOME. The Cat Lady definitely delivers the psychological horror most fans have been dreaming of since the Silent Hill series. This game isn't just a video game but it's a true ART. Not only is it visually unique but the story is really deep and meaningful yet scary. I'm not much a fan of parallax scrolling type games but The Cat Lady really made it a good experience for me. I thnk this game should be on console next. Or maybe a The Cat Lady 2 for console/PC would be great too. Imagine if this game were to become in 3D....That would've be even better in my opinion. Maybe in 3rd person like SIlent Hill.
76561198273287950,Recommended,253110,29244258,Posted: 14 January,all,gxq1203,The storytelling of The Cat Lady was so good that I didn't mind  to walk in the fog with 7 FPS (Luckily it was the only bug I encountered).
76561198286956439,Recommended,253110,30091953,Posted: 21 February,all,Altronamas,"I enjoyed this game a good bit, but it is not going to be for everyone. If you want a solid adventure game with challenging puzzles, don't look here. This is all atmosphere and story. For that, the game is great. I don't think I'm exaggerating to say that there is more dialogue than gameplay to this game. There are multiple endings, but as far as I'm aware, the end result is the same for all of them. Recommended if you want a story that explores suicide and depression and then turns it around into a kind of mild horror game."
,Recommended,253110,29816041,Posted: 9 February,all,BashTheBlu,"An invisible illness, depression, is the main topic in this really good game/experience. First of all, In more ways than one this game nails the issue of depression and the feelings associated with it.The art style never stopped keeping me interested and creeped out, and on several occasions kept me on edge. The story itself is very well put together however on very few occasions the dialogue seemed to drag on a bit too much for my taste.The gameplay will have you walking back and forth (in the game) trying to figure out what you missed or how to solve the puzzle. I had to google a couple of things but after finding out what the solution was I felt pretty dumb for not thinking about it myself, so I do not think they are that difficult.The game has very tense moments and it can make you uncomfortable. There is some gore, however not much. It touches on death A LOT, so beware the game is definitely not happy and it's not really a stress reliever either, but it was a good experience.8/10 for me. Would recommend for people who like an engaging story and creepy atmospheres. If you've never suffered from depression it will certaintly allow you to see it from a new perspective and understand it a little better."
,Recommended,253110,29708514,Posted: 4 February,all,Merdok,"Amazing story.It's an adventure game at heart, it's pretty simple.  I think it's fair to compare The Cat Lady more to a Telltale style story-game, yeah?  So what are you gonna do?  Buy it, play it, enjoy it, or don't.  I don't care.  But I'll tell you this, at the end of the game, for the first time in a long time......I smiled."
76561198085595635,Recommended,253110,29733930,Posted: 5 February,all,charlenenelliot,"I really, really liked this game.  If you like story-rich horror point and clicks, with a noir feel, then this game is well worth the price.  The game is well-written, including subtle nods to the classics.  Lots of allusions to Maniac Mansion, which I found comical."
,Recommended,253110,29792523,Posted: 8 February,all,TickleBug,"This game is creepy, has awesome jump scares, but a beautiful story in a dark way. The characters in the game are really neat, and I'll admit at first I couldn't seperate reality or dream. Its one of those games I couldn't stop playing and I just had to go over and over again for the rest of the endings and sometimes I'd play it all the way through to pick the choices I didn't pick before. I hope to see more games like this Really loved it!!!!"
,Recommended,253110,30065006,Posted: 20 February,all,domsson,"6/10 - Rrecommended but with some reservations (read below).Without spoiling anything, let's just say that I found this game to be quite enjoyable. It has a rather unique style, atmosphere, story and characters. The mechanics are basically a mix of side scroller, point n click adventure and visual novel: walk left or right, collect some items (you don't actually need the mouse at all), use or combine them to advance the story and read / listen to lots of dialogue. The puzzles were rather easy, but it felt just right for this game. I didn't get stuck and frustrated at any point, but had a bit of a challenge from time to time. I can't say the game had a lasting impact on me or moved me all that much, but I got quite hooked for the three evenings it lasted me. I liked the main character (while, at times, a bit too whiney) as well as the game's overall style. Diving into the world of The Cat Lady was fun, interesting, a bit creepy and pretty weird.Now for the issues I've encountered. First, if you happen to be on Linux and have more than one monitor, prepare for one *major* issue: the game simply can't deal with this. The game will start in full screen, covering both (or probably all) screens, with lots of black space around the actual visible area - which then ends up half on the left and half on the right screen. There is no in-game menu to change that, no tool, no nothing. I did find a workaround, however: if you put ""-w -window - windowed"" (not sure which of the three is doing the trick) into the launch options, the game will start in windowed mode. The window is of fixed size and pretty small (I believe 800x600 px). This means you'll see the rest of your desktop and will tend to lean in on your screen. While the game is perfectly playable this way, it obviously makes it a lot harder to really immerse yourself in the world. For a game that is out for several years and claims to have Linux support, this is clearly unacceptable and made it very hard for me to give it the ""recommend"" rating.A second issue is the very varying quality of the character's voices. While the acting itself is okay (the main character is actually really good - I loved her voice, the quality is perfect), many characters have a pretty bad quality with very audible plosives and breathing noises that make it sound as if you're talking to someone on Skype. That by itself is annoying, but it really can break the immersion when there is a dialogue between two characters of completely different quality (and sometimes volume level). In addition, at least one character (Doctor X) has a voice that doesn't fit him at all (character is old, but voice sounds like a young guy trying to emulate an old person). This, combined with the windowed mode does have a serious impact on the atmosphere. Also, sometimes the background music is louder than the voices, so you literally can't understand what they are saying. However, there are subtitles to help with this.Third, the game doesn't give you the option to open the menu (for the purpose of pausing or saving) while you're in a dialogue or scene. With the dialogues often being pretty long, this left me in a situation where I had to answer the phone or door and couldn't do anything about missing part of the story. There is no going back (apart from your last saved game). You clearly should be able to pause at any given time!All in all, the game was well worth what little money I payed. However, they *really* should fix at least the bigger two of the aforementioned issues."
,Recommended,253110,31467586,Posted: 30 April,all,chevy2242,"Amazing story and so many layers. This game is very deep. It's not super scary, but definitely creepy and thought provoking. This is the first type of game like this I've ever played, and I really enjoyed every second of it from the puzzles to the dialogue. I also enjoyed unlocking the achievements and the fact that the game can be different every time you play it."
76561198038944169,Recommended,253110,31089929,Posted: 11 April,all,Bagel,I'm naming my future cat Teacup now.10/10 recommend for obscure video game names for cats.
76561198141468229,Recommended,253110,31463547,Posted: 30 April,all,Obscurity,All of the pieces of a great movie adaptation are right here in this game:-Great Story-Awesome Music-Creepy Atmosphere-Great Visual StyleThe only way you can ♥♥♥♥ it up is if Uwe Boll manages to get his hands on it.
76561198103082424,Recommended,253110,32280404,Posted: 8 June,all,horsechuck614,"My favorite game of all time. Great story that made me cry multiple times, and an atmosphere that leaves you feeling disgusted and lost. A truly unique experience. Plus, nothing is as bad♥♥♥♥♥as a middle aged lady slaughtering the evil."
76561197963567753,Recommended,253110,33148244,Posted: 2 July,all,osaka,Awesome game.
,Recommended,253110,33634778,Posted: 18 July,all,ScarletKlaudia,"Some games can reach the highest level of human emotional and creative performance. The Cat Lady is by far one of the best work in the whole world of art and media. After having my golden ending, I can say this piece of wonder is my second favourite game of all time after Deadly Premotion. A trigger pulled for life and hope. A game can do much. TCL is also giving you a truly original gameplay experience with a unique aesthetic dimension and a very rich story and delicious text and interactions. I am so proud and happy I've played it."
,Recommended,253110,33640424,Posted: 18 July,all,The Joker Steve,"When approaching this game I did so with little expectations. While the premise really caught my atention, the overall artwork and style didn´t convince me, however i decided to give it a try... And oh boy did I ever patted myself in the back for doing so. The art style, not only complements the tone of the game but also it made sense in this dark universe that the story develops in. The gameplay is very straightforward in regards to the controls and the interactions were decent enough to make everything fall into place at the exact times. One criticism I have, though, is the walking speed, which is really slow at some points and it justs ruins the experience by making you feel you´re actually walking on melazus.Nevertheless, where The cat lady hits a homerun is in the story itself. Carefully articulated and never boring, it nevers feels like is dragging on, and the only thing you want to do is just keep playing and solving puzzles so you can understand what is going on. Moreover, the pacing is amazing and the tension keeps building until the final climax, lurking at every corner, following you like a silent assasin. Because every character could be a parasite, or not, and the question lies there. Who should you trust and who should you not? And this also speaks highly of the character development, which is almost perfect.All in all, The cat lady is a very entertaining and thought-provoking game that, while having some minor flaws, will leave you wanting for more. It has great dialogues, a very well-rounded story and beautiful and unique artwork that suits the game really well. Definitely, the best thing about this title is the way of communicating the subtext of the story in a surreal visual language that surpasses the limits of the written word."
,Recommended,253110,17972013,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Friendly DBD Killer :3,"I LOVE this game. The mysteriousness of it and the story!I played it 3-4 times and still, it gets me.10/10"
76561197985374801,Recommended,253110,33704558,Posted: 21 July,all,Wreck Lots,Very good game. Has very deep and dark themes about humanity ect. Finishing the game is very refreshing.
76561198050937759,Recommended,253110,33766984,Posted: 24 July,all,dm.yurov,"The game seems to be almost perfect. The plot, riddles, its surrealistic horror. Game also doesn't take itself too seriously and incorporates a piece of good dark humor. Nice.To my regret, the game crashes sometimes on linux, but nothing really lethal."
,Recommended,253110,16770880,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ephy,"Dark, grim, and full of cats. What's not to like?The Cat Lady is a morbid, emotional, moving game. If you're suffering from/being treated for chronic depression, this game may bring up some issues for you. The game is completely logical (except for the one WTF? moment in the story). If you enjoy psychological and visceral horror, this game is worth the purchase price. It's a classic point-and-click, with enough blood and disturbing content for a commercial horror film.Pros:- well-written main characters.- super creepy.- rich story.- clever use of black & white/colour splashes.- unusual graphics: combo of realistic + sketch.- intuitive, logical puzzles.- requires thought.- eerie, moving music.- cats.Cons:- one major WTF? plot moment.- no real replay value.- multiple endings rely on one, end-game decision.Ephy Rating: 8/10Summary: The creepy factor is through the roof, the story is brilliant and disturbing, and the music and art style are perfectly suited to the material. I didn't once feel that I needed to use a walkthrough."
,Recommended,253110,33378432,Posted: 8 July,all,DatArsenalFan,I found this game very good at disturbing your mindA good horror story + adventure game with few puzzles to solve. Don't buy this if you have depression or you're a pessimistic type of person.
,Recommended,253110,27880592,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GFYS,pretty good. pretty dark. stabbed a dude.
76561198040900996,Recommended,253110,25531467,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Egyszerűen Joe,Press any button to live...
,Recommended,253110,33869233,Posted: 28 July,all,Thunder,10/10 best quest
,Recommended,253110,33903906,Posted: 30 July,all,Ze Beez! [zakrah],"Great story, art, atmosphere, and even some voice acting from David Firth!"
76561198146883716,Recommended,253110,33922828,Posted: 31 July,all,vault2wasteland,Dark point and click horror game. Great representation of depression. Good characters. Cats.
,Recommended,253110,33942125,Posted: 31 July,all,Princess <3,One of my favorite games of all time.The story and characters are amazing and the art is beautiful! I would highly recommend this game for true story lovers. It had me very emotionally attached the whole way through.
,Recommended,253110,33936707,Posted: 31 July,all,davidspackage,"The Cat Lady is a rough-looking, somewhat heavy-handed and dark, but ultimately pleasing and engaging sort-of-point-and-click adventure game.When you launch it, your first thought may very well be ""this looks like a Newgrounds flash game"". Backgrounds are cobbled together from posterized photos, while characters are starkly drawn side-viewed sprites that animate like paper figures being dragged across the screen. Controls are very basic arrow key based with no mouse usage. It works fairly well.The game deals with heavy topics like suicide and depression (your player character, Susan Ashworth, is deeply depressed). There are definite horror elements, with oppressive music, unnerving sound effects and scenes of blood and corpses. If such things turn you off, it might be worth knowing though that the bloody scenes never get all that graphic due to the low detail and simple animation, and while the developers definitely love a dramatic piano chord, I wouldn't say there's any real jump scares in it.The adventuring part of the game is, I feel, solid. It's your basic interface of gathering inventory items and using them on other items or people. The puzzles the game presents you feel mostly logical, and I never got stuck on anything for too long. If you are, you can definitely look at the items in your inventory and think to yourself ""how could I use these in the current area?"" and come up with a solution. That's something I find very important in games like these.The game alternates between text-only inner monologue for generic ""examine item"" and ""look at"" actions, but features voice acting for all its conversations. The cast seems to consist of amateurs, possibly some of the developers themselves. It's a mixed bag. A few give a very good and natural performance, some suffer from either trying a weird accent or failing at hiding their own accent, and some are clearly uncomfortable getting too loud even though their character is supposed to be shouting. Susan, the main character, falters occasionally but is fairly alright. British animator David Firth voices a pair of characters, which is fitting, as the game reminds me of his more unnerving cartoons.Writing is uneven, which I put down to inexperience. The game is clearly an early project of a growing developer, and that pops up in various ways. The dialogue is often fine, but sometimes very stilted. It also often goes on for way too long, with long monologues or back-and-forths between characters that actually say very little of substance. Characters don't always have very believable reactions. Susan herself kind of flips back and forth between being a self-pitying wreck, and asserting herself heroically, which feels inconsistent. The plot has a strange buildup, where at first you know nothing of your main character and get given a ton of exposition on the overarching plot, then about a third into the game you slowly start finding out something about your character. This, I can't really complain about, because it kind of works, and might even be intentional, since the game also deals with mental unbalance and the supernatural. I found myself getting a little tired of Susan's recurring self-pity, but I'm absolutely in love with the character of Mitzi, who comes into Susan's life and basically drags her out of her pit of despair. Really love her voice acting too.Design-wise, the game feels very experimental. At one point, you receive new HUD elements that get on-sceen explanation, which then disappear and aren't used anymore one chapter later. There's a great part where a character is telling a story of their past, and fragments of their thoughts appear and transform in the background. At another point, you gain a partner who appears as an icon in your inventory like in Sam & Max Hit the Road. It's all pretty cool, though it feel a bit made-up-as-you-go-along, kind of lacking in a consistent vision. Again, I chalk it up to inexperience.As I'm writing this, I'm entering what I believe is the last chapter of the game. I've been led to understand that there are multiple possible endings, depending on a few instances where you have to choose from a few actions or dialogue options. The Cat Lady's a good scratch of that itch for adventure games that present you with fair logic and an engaging plot, making you feel good about figuring out problems while you watch the story play out."
76561198100772829,Recommended,253110,34059838,Posted: 6 August,all,Doctor_M,Story is everything. This game really did it for me.Nice that it works on Linux too!
,Recommended,253110,34599664,Posted: 29 August,all,Ja. ⇋HG-S⇌,"Absolutely loved the game. It takes you through every stage of depression — from the darkest of times, to the light at the end of the tunnel. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,253110,35124133,Posted: 22 September,all,lifelover,"Game as an Art8 lives are enough to start estimating the lastThis game is definetely an art-piece. I can not predict, would You like it or not, but you can figure it out yourself with description below.InterfaceIt's obvious. You would not think twice about ""how to"". There is only 2d scenes with one dimension of walking and some menus for interacting. That lets you focus on a game itself, with no point-clicking/part-finding/inventory-managing hell. For example, let's focus on aStoryIt's a good-writtennovel, that won't suffer from it's game-nature - it's just adding some shape, some immersiveness. Lines are on a very good level, not much cliche and only in the first Act. There are some choices to make, BUT it's not a poor story-sandbox (like a TWD on the 2nd walkthrough looks) - their goal is to let you associate yourself with a main character - to act like you do (Act II, begining - is an ample example). There are some interesting topics touched (death, sacrifice, revenge, ...), a lot of dramatic scenes well-served, and everything is serious with no gleam of fake and stupidity.CharactersYou won't meet a lot of them. Sometimes they would be grotesque-nasty, sometimes they would lay like an unsolved riddle - but, anyway, they would feel believable. There would be one character, whose lines, story and co-acting with a main character - is one of the brightest, warmest thing you can see on PC in 201X, maybe even 20XX.GameplayGame itself is: 50% of searching\exploration, 30% of puzzles and 70% of storytelling. Observing locations and collecting things are simple - you'll have no problem guessing, I sure, just pay some attention. Riddles are based on logic, none of them would stop/enrage you, every one seems natural. But the puzzle-part is not primal and it's not cut from gameplay like a""Hey, it's a puzzle time, leave everything and solve!""(that's why there are 150%). One part always goes with another, creating a complex structure, skeleton to everithing above and below.StyleVisually, it's good. Originally drawn in 800x600, all the scenes would look HD if you choose the best filter available. Authors have a good feel of composition, so every element fits each other good, creating a slow, grimm, morbid atmosphere. It's worth to mention, that game containsGORE, SUICIDE, OCD - AS IMAGES AND TOPICSto introduce some adult thoghts and underline the conflicts plot lays on. As I said, It's complete and all the details have rights spots, there is no feel, that some thing was overdone.ExperienceThe way the game go, it will not feel this depressive, as you can predict by pics and trailer, that's just a cover, a surface of box. Deeply inside there are some plot and gameplay jedy-level mindtricks, that will turn you into opposite direction. I will definetely suggest it to ones, who stay on the edge, feel themselves horrible and lonely, nearly to give up - gamewill make you feel lighter, maybe even cure you. Analysing this side on the 3rd playthrough made me endlessly proud of seeing this game exist - none of the games I've ever seen use psychological methods that good, and for something instead of forming a consumption\leveling\donating-mania. Me myself, as a writer on my native language, was very surprised to see this complete new dimension, a new and the strongest reason to call gamedev an art. There aren't much movies and books that impressive.Additions1. This game was made withfree SDK, so if you feel yourself in mood to make some - it's a good tool to. You've already seen a perfect example.2. OST is good, but you'd better try it in the game or on the Internet. A thing of tastes.3. Turn pop-ups off. You don't need to ruin the feeling of a game with achivements. There IS golden ending, every guide on it is SPOILERATTACK, and you'd better start collecting everything on the second go - that way GE feels even better. You've been warned :)10/10, personally favorite(the only rival is Morrowind)"
76561197971039008,Recommended,253110,35141999,Posted: 22 September,all,Burnsbrightly,"Rough around the edges, but unique, gripping and disturbing enough to easily overlook flaws. For fans of adventure games who have experienced inner darkness and looking for a different experience, this is a must."
76561198056880682,Recommended,253110,35114031,Posted: 21 September,all,L@me,"Definitely one of the best games I have ever played. It is different, true about life as it is: cruel, sad and unfair as much as filled with happines and hope for what might come in future. If everyone knew the right answers to ""how to live a happy life"" noone would ever made mistakes - but that is not how life works..."
,Recommended,253110,35166166,Posted: 23 September,all,Anna :D,This game may not seem much at first but it'll definately get you addicted. The story was absuloutely breath taking with a few puzzles here and there to keep you hooked.The soundtrack fits well with this game and so does the art. The story truly striked me h a r d but in a positive and emotional way. I definately recommend this game <3
76561197988575517,Recommended,253110,35237350,Posted: 27 September,all,Smiley :))),Little shiny brilliant!Great work!
,Recommended,253110,35364625,Posted: 30 September,all,parkerstark,"Me and my sister played this game together for 11 or so hours, and beat the game together, and after that i went back and ground out the other achievments. I love this game, and the lore and the characters.Its a good game, with an amazing soundtrack, and art style. The story is morbid and dark, but also strangely uplifting in the end.Play this, give it a shot, and enjoy the different bits and choices of it!"
