user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198157610884,Not Recommended,253250,32347907,Posted: 11 June,all,kolbeinn96,"This game has the potential to be something great, a must have in any city builder/sandbox fan's library, but at it's current stage I can describe it as something that's as wide as an ocean but deep as a puddle. It also doesn't help that development on this game is incredibly slow and no major update has happened in a long while.If they however finish the game with all their original promises and fix all the bugs I'd reccomend this game in a heartbeat but as it stands I cannot reccomend this game unless you need a city builder/sandbox fix and are desperate."
76561198021609697,Recommended,253250,20870423,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Geokhan,"I have played Stonehearth for 341 hours and have enjoyed playing through the developing stages. The game is becoming more polished and seems to be headed in a positive direction. I would recommend this to someone who enjoys a sandbox building and crafting games where they can design towns and villages with a little bit of hostile goblins thrown in to the mix.I do not recommend this yet for someone that is expecting a finished polished product or get upset when an error message pops up.The Good- I find the game extremely fun to play with the ability to design your own houses and structures.- The pace of the game is relaxing and the music is very soothing.- The Heathing are amusing as they try to carry out your commands- There are more creatures to worry about now as Giant Zombie, Stone Golems, Eants, and what looks like a mutant alligator roam the land. Undead Villages complete with crazed necromancers pop up and flood the night with undead critters.- The ability to create Mods will mean continued content. I hope that this also continues to develop end game content.- Weekly twitch feed keep you updated on developments and lets you give feed back to the developers.The Bad- There are still errors when trying to build structures, and it takes a while to learn what works and what does not. It seems the building logic really wants you to lay down your design in a certain way. I watched a twitch feed were the designer was working on this to allow the engine to be more flexible.- The Hearthling become idler as your town, village, Kingdom expands. I am unsure if this is caused by distance, memory issues or pathing (although sometime it’s because I ran out of wood). The developers have work hard and these issues have improved greatly since I started playing it. (I still have to chop my own wood of course)- The end game is not there yet.  There is a basic scenario evolving Blood thirsty goblins which ends after 4 or 5 encounters.  Following that you only have to fend off random creatures once or twice a day.I will continue to play and follow this game as it develops."
76561198059850157,Recommended,253250,28522323,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Serina,"This is my very first review for any game, I just feel compelled to do it!My first impression of Stonehearth after watching their video wasn't good. This is my very first uh I don't know what to call it, 2D-pixel voxel game? Anyway, I was a bit turned off by it. I've always avoided minecraft for that reason. Also, the price of $24.99 for this type of game seemed a bit too much for me. Anyway, I spent a couple of weeks thinking about it, watched their intro video at least 4 times and finally caved and bought the game the other night.Stonehearth has been such a delight to play. I thoroughly enjoy the job/class and advancement systems. I love the cuteness that is the game, even the boxy critters and animals are adorable. Building your own homes can be quite a challenge, which adds to the fun for me. I also love being able to use a building template the game provides and customize it to my own preference if I'm too lazy to create my own. I love renaming my citizens! I love that I can assign them to their own beds! I love that the cook helps my farmer harvest the fields :D As you can see, I enjoy a lot of the little features in Stonehearth which is why I felt compelled to make this review and share my experience with others.If you enjoy survival/strategy city-builders with cute pets and citizens + job/class advancements, then I highly suggest this game to you. Imo, this is one of those games that's worth the price tag. I love what the developers have done with the game so far and I'm happy to support this early access title."
,Recommended,253250,28314016,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Akea,"Welcome, to the Hearth!Heya guys, and gals, and welcome to my little review on Stonehearth, a lovable Early-Access title brought to you from the developers at Radient Entertainment, an indie-game studio based in Los Altos, California.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Initially when I first stumbled upon Stonehearth, it was after the dark ages seen from similar titles, notebly the game Castle Story from Sauropod Studios. An early access game as well, and with a similar feel initially, the game suffered quickly due to lack of development and the$30.00 price tagon a-usually- broken and unsatisfying experience. Coming to Stonehearth, I was a bit relictant to try a new title under the Early Access title and with the same feel.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So let's get into it, what is Stonehearth all about?Stonehearth is a meshed combination of a City Builder but with a mix of RPG and Adventure elements. Your journey begins as one of the two (current) races available to play (four are planned so far in total). Starting out, you and your handful of citizens (Hearthlings) are tasked with constructing your very own ""city on a hill"", a home in the wilderness of one of two (current) biomes.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Races and FactionsThere, at this time, is only a single race playable in the game which of course, are the humans. However, the humans are split into two factions (currently) with a third planned in the future. The human factions that are known about now are:The Ascendency#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Earnest and hardworking, loyal and well-rounded. Citizens of the Ascendency chop, build, and farm, confident that the known world is theirs to inhabit.""The Ascendency are the basic human faction, based off of Eastern European countries they are home to the temperate biome and start their crafting tree around the Carpenter, a specialist who uses wood resources to create works from tools and weapons, to building components and decorations. They don't do well in the desert however, due to their heavy dependance on wood resources.Raya's Children#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""The scattered people of the mountains learned early that to survive, they needed each other - and preferable as many others as they could reach. Now, though the members of their trading cities and traveling caravans pride themselves on ascetic disciplin, visitors find them generous hosts with access to goods from all over the world.""The second released human faction, named the Raya's Children, are designed from a more Middle Eastern resemblance. Living a life in the vast deserts in the world, they have learned to cope with the lack of wood and traditional building materials found elsewhere. Instead of a Carpenter, they begin with a Potter, an artisan skilled in crafting bricks of clay and stone to form efficient housing solutions.Th Northmen's Alliance (NOT RELEASED)#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Brave and handy, the men and women of the north live for the sight of a new dawn over unexplored territory. Armed with compass and hatchet, they form strings of small, defensible settlements and pride themselves in their tenacious adaptability.""The third faction planned for the human race are the Northmen's Alliance. Based on the Vikings from northern Europe and the surrounding tundras, they are a hardworking collection of natural-born explorers and fighters. They are home to the tundra biome, and additional details for them have yet to be released.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------GameplayThe game begins with the main menu, as every game should. Upon stating up a new game you are presented with the choices you shall make, the biome you choose to inhabit, people you choose to play as, and the difficulty to which you would like to play as. It is a simple process, freshened up from a traditional selection screen by being presented to you in the form of a story book, with the choices you make appearing to fill the blanks of the story.Once past, you are sent into theExpedition Roster, a list of several Hearthlings which you will start with. Each Hearthling comes with a randomly rolled attribute set spread across three categories.Mind - Useful for those who will become your fine artisans and crafters, Mind stats help these Hearthlings advance in their career as well as gives a boost to their ability to craft Fine items, creations which are adorned with supreme craftsmanship.Body - Granting bonus stats to boost Hearthling health and movement speed, a high Body stat is excellent for Footmen and combat specialists, but also those who will greatly benefit from the passive speed boost, ie. Farmers and Trappers.Spirit - A key for those going into combat, Spirit attribute points grant a boost to Hearthling courage and morale. High Spirited combat specialists will stand firm in combat, even after sustaining injuries.If you happen to have unfavorable traits, you can try again for as many times as you like with the 'Roll new citizens' button, regenerating all seven Hearthlings. Once finished, on the right side you are greeted by a list of various items for purchase, and a small budget of initial gold for you to purchase things or take along with you on your journey.With your citizens ready to depart and your expedition supplies tied down and stowed for your adventure, it finally comes time to select your site to begin! With reach game of Stonehearth, the maps are randomly generated using seeds, viewable at the bottom of the screen. You can reroll maps for as many times as you wish, alike the Expedtion Roster. To note with your location as you move your cursor over the map, the highlighted box around your cursor represents the actual in-game map, which although seems small compared to the world map, offers plenty of space for your city's development and then some. On the right side, you will also see three major variables which change on the area you select.Trees and Plants - This is pretty self-explanetory on the fact that this value shows how many plants and trees are located in the settlement region you have highlighted.Wildlife - This factor represents the amount of creatures found in the highlighted region, useful for your trappers who will need animals in order to efficiently trap and harvest them.Minerals - This final factor represents the amount of ores, stone deposits, and the etc. which are readily located in the highlighted region. You can always however, mine for ore in a region with little to no Mineral rating, it just takes some time.Once you have your region selected and good to go, you can embark on your journey!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Review PartA simple, yet equally complex game, Stonehearth is a game easily loveable by Adventure, RPG, City-builder, and Strategy fans. Built in a voxel art style with a friendly and cute feel to it, it is aesthetically pleasing and especially for those who run the game on higher graphics settings. Keep in mind that there are faults of course, various quirks and bugs are present as you can expect with an Early-Access title, however the weekly Development Team reports and progressing updates are great! There are currently a collection of simple quests and side-missions to keep you interested along with a developing story in the works. Overall I again,highly recommendthis title, and encourage you to try it out!Thanks for reading, happy building!- Kyoko"
,Recommended,253250,16823850,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Chandler,"To me, the 25$ was a bit steep for something that you could technically ""accomplish"" within 2 hours. I mean if you're into expanding and creating towns and furnishing the houses with the prettiest of flowers, you'll love it, but if you're like me with just striving to hit the top of the research chain/skill tree, it's a bit easy. I'd say you could compare this a little bit to Banished in some several yet different ways.Pros:-Easy to learn-Visually nice-Can design your own buildings-Nice mix of city builder/management-Some slightly unique concepts-Is playable in it's current state-Slow progression, but actually being updatedCons:-Bugs, lots of 'em.-Crashing is frequent (Until you update your drivers)-Occasionally slightly broken UI (F5 to fix)-Not fully complete job tree (yet)-Weird inventory viewing systemAll in all, I would reccomend this game. I did find it enjoyable for the 2 hours I played, but until more is added, I'll just wait patiently. Maybe a price drop would be nice as well."
76561198054494854,Recommended,253250,18473882,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Duodenous,"A note on the negative comments: I've read through the negs on the reviews and in 99% of cases, the problem is easily resolved if you check the forums on the stonehearth webpage. Usually the problems are solved with a reboot of the game due to errors while the game engine is still in developement.I have almost 900 hours on this game. Already for more fun than most AAA titles with far better replayability. Obviously it's an alpha so there are bugs but I've never seen a company so dedicated to getting the bugs squished as quickly as possible. I really can't give this game a high enough rating and it just continues to get better with every release. It is already well worth the money and it's a game that every member of the family can play.Edit: apparently my review was suspiciously positive and didn't contain enough...something. So, for the people who are suspicious of positive reviews (seriously?) Here's your version:""Ths gam r grate. I ply this game lots and lots. Yay! It's the mostest fun you can hav when not eeting crayons and likking windows"" Yes...I'm looking at you in the comments.....better?"
,Recommended,253250,32863339,Posted: 27 June,all,Daveo1996,"This game is really fun and addictive, first 24 hours after buying it I had clocked up 14 hours of gameplay.The main bug I encountered with the game was when the hearthlings were just finishing a building and then it would say that they needed some furniture or more stone but the building is already 100% complete. One other thing I have encountered is the fact that the storyline is either too short or has bugged out, I have defeted 2 goblin boses and built the township fountain thing and now nothing happens only the odd few goblin raids that keep happening, other than that I havn't encountered anything that would put me off the game."
,Recommended,253250,25708566,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ťřüţħ caserandom.com,"It's an ant farm that you control. Virtual Villagers but infinitely better. Simply the best town sim I've played.Pros- Combat is fun to watch.- Art direction is beautiful.- You can design the buildings.- Skill/design curve is huge so it's always interesting to do something new.- Actually, everything is fun to watch.Cons- Sometimes workers task weird.- Very CPU(?) intensive.- A strong push by goblin armies can wipe you if you're new.- Haven't seen any water yet. Would like water.- Engineer takes way too much to level. Mason -> Blacksmith -> Engineer, way too much of an EXP grind.Protips- Build a wall early on- Always have a standing army.- I figured out the holy trinity of MMORPGS work with 1 knight, 3 footmen, and 1 cleric. I was able to take on anything with this.- Design your own buildings! Increase efficiency by putting ten beds in one house! Your Hearthlings will love you! ( Love not guaranteed. )- When starting, most people overdo the farm plots. Anything over 15x15 would be overkill until later on.- Use the 'maintain' option if you're building multiple buildings.- You can build walls via pasture enclosements or design building.Suggestions- Let us place objects from storage units into the world. I can't access my piles of stone / clay.- Make the market stalls have different merchants.Overall : 9.5/10. A little buggy, but one of the best games that you could buy for 25$. I'd value it at 35$ at most. Make sure you don't run this on an old computer or you could start freezing or crashing. I've had no problems with the game, great direction.SpecsWin 1016 GB DDR4 RAMIntel i5 6600Radeon RX 480"
,Recommended,253250,21804611,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Devlosirrus,"Before I begin, let me say this:  I understand Stonehearth is in Early Access.  I don't expect everything to work flawlessly. That having been said, the game needs a lot of work.I picked up Stonehearth based on a lot of Steam user reviews comparing it to Dwarf Fortress.  I like Dwarf Fortress, even though the game is notorious for its extremely obfuscated interface.  Stonehearth sacrifices a lot of DF's detailed simulation for a more accessible experience, which is fine with me.  However, as of March 2016, the current build is badly broken.A few of the weird AI glitches I've seen include Hearthlings that join the settlement, but idle in one place permanently.  After accepting a new Hearthling (hereafter referred to as ""plebs""), I watched her stand on a hill for a week, regardless of any orders I issued.  She was eventually eaten by wolves.  Footmen, Stonehearth's 'soldier' class, will charge after enemies they have no chance of defeating, regardless of their current orders.  When they're reduced to 1/4 health, they flee for a few moments, then turn back and resume fighting.  I've lost at least four Footmen because of this behavior.  Mobs also have a tendency to spawn in weird locations, like at the end of a long tunnel with only one entrance.  I got a notification informing me that one of my plebs was mauled to death by wolves, at the end of a mining tunnel with a closed door at the entrance.  Either something's up with the spawning algorithm, or all dogs don't go to heaven.I'm saying they're ghost dogs.  Way of the samurai.The building system is suprisingly robust.  The interface makes it easy to plot foundations, walls, upper floors, and roofs.  I actually designed some pretty handsome structures, and the process was fairly intuitive and straightforward.  However, once I actually placed my blueprint and ordered my plebs to build the structure, I ran into more AI issues.  On two separate occasions, my plebs stopped building before the structure was complete.  They'd build to around 3/4 completion, then idle, as though they had nothing to do.  Reloading the game did nothing.  Suspending all jobs, then re-assigning them did nothing.  I simply had a partially-finished shell of a building in the middle of my settlement.  I tried to remove it, but my plebs demolished about half of the building, then idled again.  My town looks like Detroit in 1996.  Shameful display.Despite all the AI issues, I still like the game.  The art style is charming, and the UI makes it easy to place buildings and command your plebs.  Once they iron out the issues with plebs abandoning construction halfway through, I think it's going to be a joy to play.  The interface handles walls and roofs very gracefully, and building blueprints for structures is a breeze.  I remember placing roofs in ""Towns,"" a similar town-building game, was a living nightmare.  Most importantly, while scanning the forums for solutions to my AI issues, I saw that the devs were very active, involved with, and respectful to their players.  That's a very good sign.For the time being, I'm going to recommend this game.  I was excited enough about the premise that I didn't mind the $25 price tag, but if cost is an issue for you, I'd recommend holding off until they get a beta build up and running.  Bottom line:  despite some pretty rampant AI issues, the game shows a lot of promise.  As long as the devs stay active and listen to their player base, I think this is going to mature into a very enjoyable experience.[UPDATE 3/13/16]  All of my footmen got thwomped by a one-two combo of ghost dogs and giant zombies, so I decided to start a new settlement in sandbox mode.  So far, I've experienced none of the AI glitches I saw in 'normal' mode.  It seems that something about combat, or placing my settlement on defense mode, breaks the AI.  I'm hoping the devs fix this, because I enjoyed the challenge of defending against sporadic attacks from invaders and thieves.  For the time being, however, I'd recommend you play in sandbox mode."
76561198008993221,Recommended,253250,17354526,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Alduso,"In StoneHearth, you begin the game on a randomly generated map similar to a Minecraft map. The gameplay is similar to a strategy game, as you do not control directly any character. You just give orders and expect them to be followed. You start with 7 Settlers, each having their own sets of strenghts & weaknesses. One may be thriving in handcrafting while another is suited for military missions. With these settlers, you'll build and develop a camp thanks to all the resources available. These resources are various, and it can be compared here with Terraria for instance.To grow, you'll focus on developing the skills of your settlers, assigning them jobs, and gathering as much resources as possible. But these objectives can be endangered by the presence of enemies at night: zombies, skeletons, goblins. You'll have to manage a small military force to protect yourself.The final objective of the game in its current state is more or less to build your 'perfect base', and survive long enough to do so.Similar games:- Stronghold- The SettlersCool features:- Daily events and Trade, to earn gold and buy resources you lack of- The Building design system, which is quite good and allow you to design your dream city/base- Progression system for settlersIn its current state, the game is good, and the potential is interesting. I recommand it if you enjoy this kind of game (Check the Settlers especially)."
,Recommended,253250,24438243,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Phobos,"As Daft Punk once said, ""buy it, use it, break it, fix it, trash it, change it, mail - upgrade it"".Or at least, something like that. You get my point.So, Stonehearth (gosh, that's one unfortunate title *cough*Hearthstone*cough*) is a very promising *deep breath*early access city building, minecraftesque, RPG, strategy, survival, crafting game. Whew, that was long.You start by choosing the background of your hearthlings, their place to settle and the difficulty. Then, you take the role of the taskmaster as you have to guide your people. Craft, build, assign jobs, harvest, defend against hunger, goblins, golems etc.NOTE:As nightfalls come and go, be advised that mobs will become slowly, but surely, more difficult to face.The gameplay is all about choosing the best decision about your everyday actions and proper resource management (whether that's your hearthlings or your food). You have to direct your workers to crafting or collecting what you think you need mostly and prepare for the dangers that descend upon you every night.But what if you make the wrong choice?You don't have to worry about that, since the game has a perfect pace to give you the time to think carefully about your choices and correct those that turned up to be a disaster.One very unique aspect, which I enjoyed very much(I got up from my chair and clapped my hands when I saw it), is the ability todesign unique houses for your hearthlings. True, you got the default building templates, but you can also choose the size, materials, style, decoration of each construction you plan to make and model it to your heart's desire. Kudos for that, it was an excellent idea from the developers and I don't think any other city building game has ever done that.On the downside,the game is still in Alpha.Be prepared for game-breaking bugs and it's a good idea to report them in order to help the devs improve the game as fast as possible.The hearthlings' AI is a bit clumsy at times too, so don't be surprised if your people simply ignore the goblins stealing their precious resources or taking years to clear a specific side of the forest you ordered them to cut down. Hopefully, it will be improved in future patches and builds.Personal suggestions towards the developers: I look forward to the addition of multiplayer, new biomes, new nations and better AI.Overall, if you are into this genre, give it a shot when you can afford it and you won't regret it. *wink*RATING:Gameplay:7.5/10(due to several bugs that can create a big mess)Presentation:8/10Story:8.5/10Unique Factor: Entertainment:8.5/10OVERALL:8.1/10It's like Minecraft, but you can actually control all those pesky kids ruining your constructions."
76561197990210335,Recommended,253250,19558637,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,batl50,"You hate bugs?  So do I.  You hate that a game can be in Alpha for years on end?  So do I?  But have you been dreaming about building your own 8 bit RPG village from the ground up?  Afraid of all the freaking crap that you have to learn to play Dwarf Fortress?  Want to support a developer who is upfront about the struggle, needs the communities help, and is rewarding that community with continued work?  Well, this is the game.  This gives me hope that Steam Greenlight, Kickstarter, and indie gaming can make truly wonderful games that would of never seen the light a decade ago."
,Recommended,253250,28926634,Posted: 1 January,all,Holly King,"This is the video game equivalent of a handful of vicodin and a glass of white wine.  It's very simple, calming and satisfying.  You just sit around in your little hot air balloon and yell at these little kids playing minecraft to destroy the earth and remake it in your image, and they just snap to it.  Just ""You, your job is crops.  You, you're in charge of all wood.  You, you make fox jerky,"" and away they go, farming, carving and toturing cute animals to death.  There's combat in this game, but it requires no thought.  Life in sedated management is good."
76561198072847783,Recommended,253250,18017568,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Kartoffelstärke,"Let's start with the bad points:- Bugs- Bugs- Bugs- Bugs- ∞ Endless bugs- Workers are too dumb to even build a wall or stairs- Menu sometimes just disappears; pro: funny to see your villagers getting slaughtered because you can't command your Warriors without it- You sit there, Pause the game and try to come up with an epic Building for about 1-2 hours. When you're done and proud of what you have done with 2 hours of your life and tell them nice workers to build it, they go there, look at it, set the first block and never ever ever ever ever ever touch it again. So there you're sitting and trying to get them to build it. But NOPE. They won't do it. Nice... I even played with the thought to report some bugs but... do the guys and girls who make this game, ever play it?- More BUGSSo why did I give a ""Thumbs Up""?- I got the game a long time ago, so when I played it the first time, it was not really buggy and fun to play- I like the idea of the game, to manage a little village with a little minecraft in it- Even if I know that nothing really changes in the game and it gets even more bugs every time I play it, I still play it once in a while for abt 1-2 hours just to rage quit- I don't believe in god, but I still believe that a day will come when this game will have lesser bugs- I like the design, artwork and the style of the game- They said there will be a Multiplayer some day, building epic villages with epic buildings with your epic friends with hopefully no epic bugsSOOOOOOOOO if this game has a -80% off, buy it. If not and you're not a sadist, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,253250,16998535,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,doomleika,"tl;dr, add this to your watch list and wait for more content.One of few early access game that really 'done right' (Looking at you killing floor 2)Devs pushes content update the game frequently, roughly in 6 week cycle. Many numberous patch/'quick peek' are also updated in weekly basis. The devs publish news update instead of empty words (looking at you Tripwire Interactive).The thing is, right now the game lacks content, once you pass initial stage there's really little you can do. Besides the game is buggy, too. You will be met with some gamebreaking bug in hourly basis.At current state I can't really recommend it. But this game is really shaping up. Looking forward to it."
,Recommended,253250,28627681,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MrFrapp,"This game.  Oh this game.  I must say, i have made countless villages, built empires, even developed farming placement and other charts.  This game drops u with some beginning choices, you have some gold to buy some extra starting items, tools, food, etc.  and then you get to choose your citizens, then gives you the choice on where you want to settle.  You Choose, your there, you quickly start building up your materials, then build some tools for your Hearthlings to use to craft many different items and entities.i must say, this game fills smooth simplistic graphics, giving the game a relaxing and casual feel while still throwing in some combat to liven things up a bit.  Then and AMAZING sound track to really top it off.  at the time of this review i have about 150 hours on the game, and they are all well spent.  i would give this game 9/10"
76561197988805665,Recommended,253250,20000131,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Digital Zombie,"Start with it is early access, but ... I enjoy it. I play for a few days, and then wander off for a month only to come back to the  new content, or bug fixes. All in alll I find it an enjoyable casual game, that is heading in a good direction."
76561198027786099,Recommended,253250,25002503,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mothling,"Early Access Review: (Review might change over updates so be wary)When I first saw this game it's concepts and looks instantly reminded me of the game called Trove (no advertisment induced). The charming graphics and animations alone make this game so good but the real deal comes with building.The start:- You start the game by picking 2 races: The Raya and the Ascendancy. Both races differ a lot.- The Ascendancy starts off with the initial job Carpenter: The man who does miracles with wood. They are also the better farmers to play with.- The Raya start with the initial job potter: the mastermind of clay. But here's the catch. The carpenter can craft the wooden sword right away to promote a settler to a footman so you can fend off enemies early on while the potter cannot. So starting with the raya first is harder for newbies.After you picked your race you have to set the biome. There's one homeland for each race. Choosing the opposite homeland makes no real difference whatsoever. Both have wood and stone to start with. Only the wood/stone/clay ratio is different. Note that you can farm on both grassland and plains.After choosing the biome you get the chance to edit your starting people. You can rename them and reroll the entirety for random stats. Also you can but some starting items from you 150g pool.At the end but not least you only have to set your difficulty: Peaceful, Normal and Hard mode. I think I don't have to explain the differences here do I? ;DFinally you set your starting point on a RGN map you can (gladly) re-roll to get better chances of the ideal settling spot.The gameplay:The gameplay might seem a bit too much at first (and even I did not know anything at the start... like jon snow) and I was confused by a lot but after I experimented a bit around I got the grip of it.NOTE TO RADIANT: We need a tutorial asap! (Now bacvk to the review)The starting goal is simple: Harvest some ressources to build workstations for your carpenter/potter. After that get some crates/boxes/stockpiles to gather the harvested ressources. And now you got everything you need to build your own buildings.The graphics:- Trove and Minecraft had a baby and this is the result: 3D-blockapolypse and I love it.>> I am currently still testing things and such and I am pretty fatigued atm. I gonna update this review over the next days <<My verdict (for now): 7/10 Good game to pass time and cool off from stress.The game is early access but it's worth the money trust me. More worth than No man's sky :'DThe content is small but the creativity is endles (see screenshots and artwork).If you like to play block-games and minecraft and love the trove-artstyle than this game is your game.Sincerely, Khillian R. Tesch"
,Recommended,253250,18942630,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Zi Prophet,"What it has so far is good. Solid core game aspects, and random generated Quests and Map. It still is missing quite a lot of the bulk stuff.What in my opinion they need to do is:Add more jobs.* (like 5-6 more) *note: I did read the roadmap content.Fix the combat system.* UI restrictions - Orders to Guard(and eat while guarding), Patrol routes, Sentry zones.Fix the lighting.* Make it so spans farther on fire braziers and other forms of light.Fix some of the sound skips.*More building material/items to craft.*More drops from mobs.* Also more rare items.Adding a more permanent way to buy/sell goods* Like sending caravans and stuff.Being able to use the gold for something.* Right now I have like 12k gold and nothing to spend it on.I recommend this game to anyone who likes building towns but not for those who build in like Minecraft. I like the sitting back and managing it waiting for the next attack or something to make me hop up from my chair, then overpowering them. I will not rate this game because it is still small compaired to other games. Also I don't very much like Early Access Games, but I still support them because I know how hard it is to build something... Hah, see what I did there?"
76561198046667588,Not Recommended,253250,23215187,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kreeded29,"I like this game and I could definitely recommend it in the future, but NOT at its current price for its state. Way to many bugs still need to be sorted out for a $28 price tag.I can't get more then two to three well planned buildings in before something goes wrong. Scaffolding just becomes permanent, resources left in places that can't be reached(floating), walls or building just all of a sudden won't delete, mining becomes a nightmare...etc.It can get pretty annoying, let me tell ya."
,Recommended,253250,22122340,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Freakycrafter,"You know, this is one of those games which you at first only play for like 1-2 hours because youre just sick of the bugs and stuff...But then you come back in some weeks and go like: ""Wait the devs are really updating this game?!""This game isn't complete yet, it's in early access, but it's not like all the other early access titles on Steam, this game has devs that don't just put their game in early access making everyone think that they'll update it, this game is different.10/10Because it has devs that listen to the community and actually update their game."
,Recommended,253250,22528110,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lev,"When this game come out, you should buy it. Just don't get it right now.Now, i have to give credit ware credit is due. the dev's are working hard and this going to be a great game! It's just it's  almost unplayable right now. for two main reasons1. the ai is painful! they don't work together at all. they will un-do then re-do people's work, warriors won't rush over to help people, trappers will be lazy and not pick up meat/fur, if you have more then one farmer they will group up and plow the same spot at the same time. it's a mess2. for a game that's pixel graphics. . . it runs horribly. . . i can play skyrim at max settings. but I'm lucky to get 15fps on this game with the lowest settings.  (forcing in 32 bit just makes it worse)if they fixed the ai and performance. this would be a great game."
76561198001686557,Not Recommended,253250,32809556,Posted: 26 June,all,SilveR,"This game has been fun, small learning curve for hard but the trouble is once you have sussed out the creeps then its really very easy and there are not enough events going on to keep you motivated to play a village.For what it is its fun, but the beyond slow speed of content and whats been done in the time they have been working on it its just a pretty version of timber and stone. If the content patches were big then I would understand but it seems the focus on things like villager mood is really trivial in comparison to the lacking content and sense of progress.The price would suggest that a lot of development goes on but as with all these early access games once the initial sales have been made just enough work is done to call it ""development"". I have waited to review this hoping some bit patches would hit but I can say that I doubt this game will ever get finished or even come close.I love sandbox and I hate early access. A no win situation."
76561197991246612,Not Recommended,253250,24717697,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,AssaultPenguin,"An awesome game.  Too bad they've had an unfixed construction bug for over a year that makes it unplayable.  A big part of the game is building structures.  There is a bug in the game that causes your workers to abandon construction if certain events happen - such as an attack on your town that causes you to recall them to safe points.  Afterwards, there is no way to get them to resume construction - and also no way to remove the unfinished structure.  I really like this game, but it just doesn't work.  Searching on the web, I see that this bug has been present for over a year. Alpha or not, it should be fixed by now."
,Recommended,253250,19241490,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,「Reviire」,"The game is pretty cool, looks like it might turn into something good.There's not all to much content though, so I wouldn't recommend getting it if you want something with lots of content.It's been coming along nicely, though.EDIT: I refunded this like an idiot. Don't do what I did."
76561198272045445,Recommended,253250,21001841,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Darkjasper19,One word: WOW! I love these types of games where you can manage a town/city and watch it grow it from the ground up. This game has limitless posibilities and it is a real time passer. My first two hours of game play was amazing and I was on the edge of my seat. There are a lot of issues that I have run into that I have posting about. One thing I would change about this game is the world size. I think it is too small and would really like to see an option to re-size worlds.I cant wait to see what this game has in store in the future.
76561197964190178,Recommended,253250,23795490,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,{-17-} Rniessius,"CURRENTLY NOT RECOMMENDED FOR GENERAL GAMING. If you wish to help beta test this game, then I HIGHLY recommend it, because it has an incredible amount of potential and I want it to succeed and prosper. We need to help these devs do this by giving feedback and support.Completed my beta testing sessions on this game. Patience ran out (nothing personal...full time worker here lol). Here is the list of current bugs and frustrations I have run across.1. Excessive random encountersthat make everything extremely difficult after around the 10th - 15th day. I just finished a session where, between game day 7 and 14, I was encountered by:-12 wolves-4 thieves-a goblin raiding party-4 zombies/skeletons (While I had 4 goblins raiding, thus citizens started dying left and right)-2 varnus things-a shiteload of those wood/stone gremlin thingsThis was on ""Normal"" mode, and in my opinion, this difficulty curve/cliff is a gamebreaker. It reduces the game from enjoyable cute fun, to frustration where I'm yelling at my screen ""Give me a god damned CHANCE!"" If the game is going to be enjoyable, I suggest deep, dynamic difficulty so players can modify the game to suit how they play. I'm a slow, meticulous gamer when it comes to games like these. I don't have time to ultra-micromanage everything, especially with very clunky unit management and controls. It's too difficult!2. Building anything is a hit-or-miss kind of experience.There are MANY bugs you'll encounter when trying to build anything larger than a small shack.Citizens giving up on buildings at randomNot being able to delete walls at will. Only way to do this is the undo button, and that randomly stops working. So, essentially, if you build a wall that you don't like, or it's interfering with something, tough luck if it wasn't the most recent action you did. Frustrating.Not being able to build building parts in any order. Example: If you try to build too much of the interior before building the roof, you basically can't build a roof and your building is screwed. (See the above point)Custom walls seem to have a limited length. Doesn't make sense.3. Clunkiness of UI, and general controls.A lot of menus, especially crafting menus, pull up tediously, and are delayed.Moving troops around requires too many actions, which are also clunky.UI randomly disappears and even F5 doesn't bring it back upToo much clicking around!Everything else other than the above listed is going great. This game is one of my favourites ever, despite being incomplete, and I seriously hope the devs don't get lazy with it. That doesn't seem to be the case right now, because I'm constantly seeing bugfixes and updates. Support these guys! And one last request, when the game is released: Full mod support and API, so the community can grow the game, as well.Keep up the good work; I want to see this game surpass Minecraft in playability some day. I mean, imagine that...Going first-person and playing this game like you would minecraft, but you also have a dynamic town that NPCs build. You can go from first-person, to town management mode (Current setup). Isn't that something everyone has always wanted? Keep that one in mind.I'll return to testing at the Alpha 18 opt-in."
,Recommended,253250,29090010,Posted: 7 January,all,Breaaaaad,"Years ago, I had an enjoyable but brief relationship with Dwarf Fortress.  I really appreciated the randomly generated world, scenarios, and the continuously evolving gameplay, but my small lizard brain couldn't accept the ascii graphics.  I tried some graphical mods, but ultimately, Dwarf Fortress and I went our separate ways.  (I'm sorry Dwarf Fortress, it wasn't the size of your plump helmet that was the problem, it was me.)You're probably like, ""Dude, stop talking about Dwarf Fortress. This is Stonehearth"", and you're right, I shouldn't bring up past relationships, but Stonehearth scratches the same itch that kept me interested in playing Dwarf Fortress, and it looks perfectly adorable on top of it all.Stonehearth isn't as in depth as Dwarf Fortress, but it is most definitely a Dwarf Fortress-like.  If you're like me, and you enjoyed Dwarf Fortress, but maybe the graphics bothered you or maybe you're looking for Dwarf Fortress Lite, Stonehearth may be worth buying.Keep in mind that this is an early access game, gameplay mechanics could change, things will break, and are broken in the game.  Consider your purchase as an investment in an evolving product, and the dev team!"
,Recommended,253250,19203806,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Emortal,"I was a little weary at first buying this game awhile back. While it took be awhile to learn to customize my own building. One of the best little village games I have! I love everything about this game, customizing the parts of your building, and building little workshops for my villagers. The Rayya's Children I played on the latest setting, its really cool with the potter and clay buildings. There are a few bugs in the game, like villagers getting stuck but they eventually get out and are fine. I used to have a bug with the UI disappearing, but it was fixed, so I'm happy about that.I hope they can add more decorations and random AI generated towns you can visit as well as enemy villages, I think that would be cool! Also have more animals, it'd be nice to make stables, pastures and a farm for different farm related animals! :)Other than that, its a great game you will most likely keep coming back to play!!"
76561198004288124,Not Recommended,253250,31646448,Posted: 9 May,all,harrandom,"The first hour is fun.Once the memory leak builds up and the game slows to a crawl, you might as well close it and play something else.After what...3 years? They still haven't added significantly to the game. Improved it, yes. Some new classes and mobs, yes.But building tools are still v1.0, the slow down still hasn't been fixed and there still isn't a multiplayer side to it.But , hey, at least now you can see what your little hobbits are feeling. That makes it worthwhile, right?Yes, it's fun. But it's not 25$ USD worth of fun."
76561198277440387,Recommended,253250,30943609,Posted: 4 April,all,an idiot with a sword,"Stonehearth is a game about building a small town, with the help of a group of 'hearthlings' who build, mine, farm and craft their way to victory (sometimes) over ever-stronger groups of enemies. You have an amazing amount of control over the appearance of your town, and you can custom build every house, road and wall. There are a variety of decorations and tools to place around your village, and there are two main storylines to follow (if you aren't playing on peaceful) - fighting the enemies, and becoming a township. You also get to pick one of two types of hearthling: The Ascendancy, who live in the forest, or Rayya's Children, who live in the desert. They have slightly different skill trees, so the gameplay is a little different.The hearthlings in the game have basic personalities, and the newest update (Alpha 21) brings likes and dislikes. They have attributes too, which make them more or less suited to certain jobs. It's easy to pick up which attributes make a good soldier, for example, but some of the other classes are more complicated. This makes for an immersive town, where new arrivals' talents can mean the difference between life and death for your people.Crafting in the game is simple, and you have the (amazing!) ability to easily queue multiple items, and even request that you always have four beds in storage, for example, so you don't have to intimately micromanage every item crafted. Items placed in houses you design will also automatically queue to be produced by your crafters and placed, which enables the game to run smoothly. Even if you don't have the ingredients to make the chair you want, if you place one when you design a house it will be built and placed as soon as the ingredients are ready. There are a variety of crafters, from the carpenter to the herbalist, and every town will require a different approach (as each map and every hearthling is random). You can farm a variety of foods, including animals, and mine the hills around your town for ore. Traders will visit, and you can sell them products or buy goods.The only downside I can think of to this game is that it is not complete yet. However, I've loved watching it develop over the last 565 hours that I have played, and I can't wait to see the finished game in the future. I am excited for the new types of hearthlings planned for the future, in particular. (And if anyone on the development team ever sees this: I'd love to have some of those pet fighting wolves for my hearthlings, please!) I really feel like the development team listen to their audience, and I have been very impressed with the quantity and quality of the work they are putting into this game.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys minecraft, terraria, the sims, simcity, cities skylines, stardew valley or animal crossing. It has beautiful scenery, and great animations. You do not need a powerful setup: the game runs smoothly on my ACER Aspire F 15, which does have a dedicated graphics card (NVIDIA GeForce) but which is not a gaming laptop. I have minor lag when my town reaches 25+ hearthlings, as the candles flickering at night make my computer slower. I find that toggling the walls down on my buildings at night solves this entirely, and it's really not an issue."
76561198107099871,Not Recommended,253250,25732996,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Airman First Class Dumpkins,"The one thing I must stress for those of you who are interested in this game is this: it is for all intents and purposes in early access. I know many of you have played early access games, and some of which were fully fleshed out games with minor bug fixes needed. THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE GAMES. As well as the numerous ui, ai and graphical errors there seems to be about 10 hours of expansive entertaining gameplay, after which you are left with a feeling of ""what else can I really do"". Now thats not to say that the devs have abandoned this game, in fact the situation is quite the opposite; there exists online a roadmap layed out of all the updates and new features they wish to add on. However as it currently stands I cannot recommend this game AS A STANDALONE TITLE. It doesn't have enough content to merit the $25 price tag, that doesn't mean you shouldn't purchase it: it means you shouldn't purchase it for what it currently is. If you buy this game it will be a game you have to revist it again and again in hopes that the devs actually deliver. So for right now I say wait, follow this title, add it to your wishlist etc. but don't purchase it yet."
76561198037968141,Recommended,253250,26554093,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,OshB,"In simple terms, the game is fun and worth it.All things considered, its an early access game, and we all know how those things can go.A quick pros vs. cons:PROS:- Good sound track- Challenging enemies- Easy to learn- Explorable land (treasures, enemy camps and farm animals can be found)- Many cool professions available for the citizens (each is unique and realistic)EXTRA (minor) PROS:- easy to loot- convenient tracker for citizens- fighters can be in their own seperate units (easy to navigate them)- can save and re-use building models (developer made buildings already available)- LADDERS* Can be extremely useful in debugging some builds and getting hearthlings unstuckCONS:- Lack of fighter categories (only 3 kinds + 1 kind of healer)- Several major bugs (Cizitens get stuck, buildings dont finish being built, scaffolding doesnt go away, CPU heavy when in windowed mode - Thankfully, they are not too frequent and are usually fixable with a quick restart)- Story is weak- No sign of actual friendly life visiting towns (besides dialogues)- Little motive to explore (if a friendly town was nearby to set up trade routes, id consider going FAR)With the cons, the game is still a solid 9/10 for how fun it is and for the price its offered at.As for the game itself, it is still being worked on and improved. As for now, the price point makes sense as there is still plenty of material to enjoy. I've played just over 30 hours and can definitely enjoy some more."
,Recommended,253250,17432648,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,sarah.cowley,"After watching the development of this game for some time before it came to steam I decided to splash out and buy it. I love building and simulation games theres just something that appeal to me about creating my own little world and watching it grow.  I love The Settlers, Banished, The Sims and other games like that. This game ticks the boxes for me.Its a great game with lots of potential and while it may look like a minecraft clone it most certainly isn't.Whilst it still has a lot of bugs, which is to be expected in Alpha, it is still quite playable.  I found the worst bug was when i had too many hearthlings and they all started to just stand there and do nothing although if I shut the game down and restarted it, it fixed it for a while.A great Dev team is what makes it a gem too. They actually listen to their community and implement updates and bug fixes on a regular basis.I hope that they continue to update and finish the game as so many early access games seem to get abandoned and it would be a shame if that happened to this game.If you want to support a game in early access then I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,253250,16240482,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Des,"This game sorely lacks key features like demolishing buildings which is very frustrating in a game where the genre is ""City building"" granted its more like town building but that is besides the point.I find that, whenever i build something in this game i got to be very careful in what i do, for as i mentioned before i can not demolish. the building or designing process itself is very finnicky, i have encountered times when it would make the blueprint of the building, but the settler or ""Hearthlings"" wont build it at all, sometimes they build everything but the roof, i also cannot build 2 things at the same time, they will abandon the one i started building first and work on the one i just made, never to return to the previous.There was some work around i found on their forum to fix some of this, but it's so stupid that i would even have to resolve to doing 10 things, step by step so i can remove a house, which by the way did not even work.I also frequently get error windows or command windows whichever it is, telling me of errors, duh, this game needs alot of attention to bugs but most of all the building aspect as of right now, cause building things is why i got this.Other things are, that it has a very... cute style, it's very appealing to the eye, eye would say, anda very relaxing soundtrack.I want to love this game, and i do, but not as much as i believe it deserves right now, i recommend this game, but i also recommend you wait with buying it, atleast untill they fix the buildings, unless you are impatient like me.Im gonna keep watching for progress and i believe, that when this game is more developed, it's going to be amazing.Also right quick, i know this is early access, but these are ""KEY"" features, something that needs to be there from the start, preferably. also i do not care to debate on these matters, either you keep it extremely civil, which is a very hard thing for the general internet to do, or swallow your words, use your bile somewhere else."
76561198325304636,Recommended,253250,25971152,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shotgunacesart,"Very fun to play, almost zen-like.  The hearthlings are entertaining to watch as they go about doing their jobs.  A large part of the game play revolves around constructing facilities for your hearthlings to use, whether it be fields of carrot farms, large apartment complexes, intricate tunnel mines, imposing castle walls or simple homes for a peaceful village.There are numerous jobs your hearthlings can learn, a basic research-tree allows players to explore new promotions each time you play the game.  It's currently not possible, or at least not easy, to have every job unlocked the first time you play it, so you will inevitably be tempted to start new towns to get the other jobs and try out new urban planning ideas.  It's very easy to get incredibly absorbed into the minutia, and obsess over the aethetics of your town.  Part of the fun is looking at what other people have built and getting inspired to construct your own version of real-world cities and towns.  Anyone who has an interest in architecture and interior design will easily become transfixed as this game has nearly an infinite possibilities that's only limited by your imagination.While your doing all this, the game does follow a very basic script of events that you'll need to prepare yourself for.  Mostly being attacked by goblin raiders and stray wolves that are mostly random, but builds up to a massive and inevitable showdown with Oggo's army of Orcs.My largest complaint is that the Normal mode doesn't feel balanced because of this inevitable fight with Oggo's Army.The first time it happens, it can be quite a shock, as you've spent 10+ hours being completely consumed by the cute visuals and light-hearted game play, only to see your entire village basically swarmed by a massive army of Orcs who then ruthlessly slaughter all of your hearthlings (beating them to death with clubs).  The game does feature a ""Peaceful"" mode, ensuring a completely violence-free experience, but which also then negates the need to promote hearthings for combat-related jobs (Footman, Archer, Knight, Herbalist, Cleric).  However, it is a nice option to have.I don't just ""like"" this game... I love it.  I find the whole thing very endearing to play and would recommend this to anyone in a heartbeat."
76561198007986324,Recommended,253250,20031885,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,uos6u!M,"Very addictive, too bad there's still quite a few bugs to the game.  The difficulty level does not progress as well as your settlement.  I've restarted my town at least a dozen times, each time figuring out new things.  I can't wait till they add more features to the game."
76561198163083207,Recommended,253250,23409869,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,The smallest goat,"Honestly quite a good game, enjoyable for hours on end.Pros:Custom buildingsSimple, pleasing art and texturesEasy gameplay even on higher difficultiesEasy assignment of tasks to charactersPlenty of content to create your town withNice musicCons:Buggy AI (Plans are made to improve this, luckily!)Currently no forseeable multiplayer section, but I would find this interesting, personally.Develops memory leaks causing it to start to have extreme lag after playing for long times, but this is fixed upon restarting the game, so it is not that big an issue"
,Recommended,253250,17084794,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Silver Shade,"I want to review StoneHearth not Hearthstone StoneHearth now StoneHearth is a game that looks like Minecraft but plays completely different and is by far one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played, let's start with the pros and move to the cons.Pro'sSo first off one of the best things about this game is the fact that you can sculpt and design your own civilization making this one of the best for role playing games yet one of the best Sim games.One of the coolest features of this game is that you can go ahead and build your own buildings from scratch and you can make your own Warriors and upgrade them using the crafting equipment you use you can fend off goblins and Invaders with your warriors and you can also trade with Traders and buy from Merchants that come to your town day and night.One of my favorite things to watch happen is my town progress and my citizens gain level's. You can even have people come to your town and reward you for killing off goblinsCon'sOne of the major issues with this game is the UI user interface it's extremely hard to work with, sometimes it glitches out and other times just completely shut's down and even makes you force shutdown the game.One of the things that also really irritates me is the constant lag that occurs that is unpreventable no matter how much you Tinker with the options internally and (externally, outside the game) you cannot fix the lag issues I personally have constant issues with completing buildings and helping my citizens survive from goblins invaders, because the lag is so horrendously bad.Now keep in mind this lag is so extremely hard to work around and it only starts when you progress into the game far enough. Errors will occur almost every single play-through and it really makes you wish that they had some sort of patch for people to work with instead they're going update by update.Thing's I want to see happenI wish that they would fix all performance issues and make it so your PC recognizes it as a game instead of a program.I want them to make an online multiplayer addition so you can play with AI or other players.I want them to make a campaign for story. Also add more action to the game so you can be full out assaulted and have to defend for like 5 minutes or longer.I want them to FIX something I did not mention above, which is when you ask a group of people to work on something new you can choose which citizens you wantr to work there so you have a spreadsheet. For example okay I want 3 citizens harvesting wood 7 citizens building a mansion and your guards to patrol in a certain pattern you choose.Also larger worlds, larger threats as you progress so it won't be a breeze to clear out 6 invaders with 1 guard(with a wooden sword)Other than that this game is FREAKING AWESOME. At it's current stage it's fantastic minus all the performance issues. 8.3/10"
76561198043614392,Recommended,253250,21380085,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Gamma1227,"**As a forewarning, there are minor spoilers. There really isn't much of a storyline, but I go in depth as far as gameplay goes.**So I spent a good few hours on the game, getting a feel and really seeing what it has to offer. The fact that it is in alpha was a little worrysome, given how many games are labeled with early access and seem to die without much improvement or support. This game, so it seems, is different.It's a refreshing change, it's truly quite unique in multiple aspects ranging from gameplay to art and design. This game is most certainly sandbox in nature, but it actually carries a very strong similarity to Dwarf Fortress, and almost seems like a branched-off, reskinned version of it. I can only imagine the vast amount of direction and improvement this game has in store if only the developers remain diligent and active.To start.. As of the current build -524, you have the option of choosing a biome, starting location, and race. I haven't experimented heavily with these options; I've only had the pleasure of one play in which I haven't come all that far. That being said, once you choose your world, you then choose where in said world you will build your camp. Naturally, you'll want to choose an area with plenty of trees, wildlife, and minerals. Upon choosing, you're dumped off without much of a tutorial, which usually seems like an overwhelming experience, however.. This game is fairly straight foreward. After a few minutes, I quickly learned my way around the UI, the different tools, navigation, and issueing commands to my Hearthlings. Before long, the first raid on my settlement had taken progress. I immediately knew the general idea of what to do, click the large, red sword icon, right? It was as simple as that; my Hearthlings ran to a safe position as my assigned soldiers made short work of the beast. As of right now, the game doesn't seem to be too unforgiving. I am expecting that to change as I come further along and mine deeper into the ground.Graphically speaking, this game is very crisp and clean. There are a few annoyances which are more gameplay issues than graphics, but I'll get to those in a bit. The game has a bit of a minecraft appearance, but one with customer shaders and higher quality picture. Textures are almost non existant, but I can do without those, it simply works for this game. All in all, there isn't a whole lot of clutter, which can really turn into a big problem for games like this.In terms of bugs, this game definitely has its share, but it's to be expected. I feel confident that more and more bugs will be fixed as time continues, the support website seems very much alive with devs attempting to help those who experience issues. A few bugs I've personally come across include goblins exploding into sunlight instead of fighting my soldiers, a Hearthling that never wakes up from his sleep, and not being to change to a specific class despite having met all requirements. Obviously two of these can be considered game breaking, however I'm not letting it kill my opinion of this game. Save often is the best fix for most problems.As for one final in-depth review, this game is, as I mentioned, like a replica of Dward Fortress, though with FAR less features. I suspect this game is very heavily influenced by Dwarf Fortress. You have the ability to custom-build structures, or choose from a preset list. You can place said structures where ever they fit. You can alter the environment by taking down trees, creating mines, etc. As you create mines, it really opens up many different possibilities for construction ideas. Perhaps an underground fortress? All in all, in the short amount of time that I've played this game, I'm enjoying it a lot. If they can implement some more features or similarities from DF such as complex contraptions, many more monsters and biomes, etc, I'll be thrilled. Perhaps even a mode to take complete control of a single, hero-like individual to explore the lands, loot, plunder dungeons, and seek bounties, much like DF. I might be going a little far comparing the two, but regardless, the game can (hopefully) only improve from here."
,Recommended,253250,20056248,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tibb,"I open up the game. My first opinion is that it looks beautiful. I create my City named Okai IGuess. Okai IGuess starts off wonderful. People nonstop build and whatnot. At first I'm really confused on what to do but quickly figure it out. Game is a bit laggy but I ignore it.Realize I can construct my own buildings.Create a freaking magnificant beast.After a while all my citizens stop doing anything.I realize 4 of my people are stuck in the top floor of my new mansion.Realize I didn't add stairs or a way to get down.4 of my people starve to death.Rest of town gets depressed and stop working all togetherGoblin king asks for stuff. I decline.Goblin army attacks, my people start to defend then fall asleep on the ground.Entire town gets ransacked and people starve and die as I watch helplessly.10/10 would build mansion beast again."
76561198036309358,Recommended,253250,29293742,Posted: 16 January,all,Xeinon,"First real review I've ever given on Steam so here goes.I've followed this game for more than 2 years now and would definitely recommend buying it if you are considering to do so.The game itself is not yet finished but has a quite a lot of content. The main reason I would recommend it however are the devs behind the game. They do weekly development streams and are very active on their forums. Its fantastic to see the game take shape and even have some ideas you had implemented in the game.Updates on this game are very frequent and I have no doubt that this game will become something great. You can't compare it to the game I first bought 2 years ago.But if you have a problem that it is not a fully finished game yet you might not want to buy it as it is somewhat buggy at times and not all custom made buildings will be build, aswell as some performance issues that arise at 25+ hearthlings."
76561198068955516,Not Recommended,253250,29413192,Posted: 21 January,all,Crazy Chester,"I really want to like this game.  It's a lot of fun until you reach the point where your hearthlings will not finish building your buildings.  After an exhaustive search of the internet it seems to be a repetitive, long standing issue. It seems to be something that has been unaddressed for about a year.  It is very frustrating.Buy the game on sale or wait until full release."
76561198083281252,Recommended,253250,22959505,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Shurakaii,"I have a lot of games in my steam library but this is the one I keep coming back to. This is the kind of game I can lose myself in, starting a play session, getting really focused on building and defending my town, and then I look at my clock and 6 hours have somehow gone by.The latest focus on combat and hardmode have brought a much more intense feeling to the game. Enemies can catch you offguard if you don't think about all angles you need to defend, and the new RPG classes have added a lot of depth to the combat side of the game. As far as developing your town/fort/city-whatever goes I becom a kid again, playing with lego.This is in alpha, so there are still a lot of glitches, missing features, and polish that is getting fixed/added. Building elaborate structures is usually very difficult especially getting the hearthlings to construct them. You can cheat structures in with console commands, but hopefully some day you won't ever need to use commands again and the little guys will be able to make anything you want.One of the best things about this game is it's devs. They are very community focused and they actually stream on twitch coding and art sessions three times a week. They aren't very active on the steam community hub, but on their own website's discourse they are very active.I really recommend this game even in it's current alpha state. Very enjoyable building game with some decent RTS RPG style gameplay."
,Recommended,253250,17780720,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Bommer,"Stonehearth is a brilliant game considering that it is anearly alpha. If you've ever play'd a game called 'RimWorld' It's much like that. Stonehearth is like a village management game, you gain a new civ every night [If you reach the days goal E.g. Enough wealth, Happiness & Food] This goal is meant to get harder as the game goes on, but it isn't really that hard to reach.Con's-The building in Stonehearth could use some improvements and I'm sure the developers will make this mechanic better. Once you place a building it cannot be removed.-You are not able to build easily inside E.g. In a cave/ Mountain.-When the goblins start to raid, it seems like they never stop coming night after night. They could use tuning down [Spawning less]Pro's-So far I have experienced very little lag, to fix this all I did was re-load the game.-There're soo many options for the civ's. For example you can appoint them different jobs such as Warrior, Cook, Farmer, Trapper... Each with a new set of uniform & tools.-Very attractive game. Although the graphics are not Arma 3 standard, it doesn't need to be - the games graphics suit the game, the blocks have near enough a plain texture and puts less strain on your PC.-When your village does get attacked, It's not like a few games out there, where you're entire village would get destroyed Age Of Empires, I'm looking at you here.I've stopped playing StoneHearth for now, not because It's a bad game but because I'm waiting for more items to be implemented into the game."
,Recommended,253250,26885442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K'ran Munae,"Regular updates, good concept, still needs a lot more but what it has is good. Nice little game to kill time with"
76561198198378302,Recommended,253250,23259228,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,2nd~Intent,"This has been one of the best games I've seen considering it's early access AND alpha. I play this all the time, and I really look forward to the updates. I highly suggest it to anybody who is bored, semi-bored, or not bored. Anybody. It entertains me from it's awesome combat sytem all the way to it's often hilarious item captions. You can fight goblins, zombies, stone golems, entlings, and more! Also, Stonehearth is heavily moddable. I specifically include that there are so many interesting mods out there to use. And although I've never made a Stonehearth mod, I'm sure with a little bit of understanding that its much easier than making mods for most other games. I recieved this game as a Chistmas gift in 2015 and I was so incredibly excited. I had every right to be. So to anyone reading reviews to determine if they want a cool, epic new game, Stonehearth is perfect."
,Recommended,253250,29163142,Posted: 10 January,all,-norther-,"This game has very cute artwork, sensible jobs and is functioning quite well overall.Big pros are:- Quite balanced- Design your own buildings- Nearly no micromanagement- Some sort of a storyBut some cons apply:- Performance drops significantly with each new villager above 30- Kinda small world to play inSolid 5/7"
76561198163209191,Recommended,253250,19322869,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ivan the Mutilator,"I like this game a lot, it is a very good game and has some very good elements to it:Things to fix though:-(Not something needing fixed exactly) A way to delete the buildings I saved that I no longer want-Villager's heads sink into/float above their bodies when working and/or walk while sitting down-glitches with villager animation causing them to not be able to lay down while sleeping-Villagers get stuck in town defense mode-Villagers sometimes refuse entire tasks which go undone for many days on end, if ever at all-UI errors from clicking on items which causes game to crash, along with multiple engine errors-Villagers in some games refuse to build structures, but aren't prevented from doing anything else-Clay doors aren't attached to the walls-Gold doesn't stack, so I have a large amount of 2 gold bags-Villagers build unnessecary scafolding after building has been completed-Zombies/skeletons are OP, and goblins are pathetic (i.e. I propose a more equal balance in monster strength)-Craftsmen sometimes refuse tasks (and yes I disabled the build, and in some cases the hauling)Things I'd like to see in game:-Ruined villages-Multiple structures/tasks can be built/done at one time-More maps-More civilizations-More starting equipment options-Dishonesty among villagers (i.e. theft, murder, etc.)-More monsters and monsters that involve changing villagers, like becoming werewolves/vampires-Villagers can be killed by disease/old age-Villagers can marry/have kids-Designated beds-Multiple Roofs on a building (i.e. church with steeple (I've noticed that usually they build one and refuse to build the second)-Multiple roofs on buildings aren't required to have the same settings (i.e. overhang, height, etc)-A villager is stuck alert (i.e. my villager was stuck up on scafolding, it took me awhile to figure it out)-Be allowed to change game mode from sandbox to survival and vice versa-Doors shouldn't open if someone is sleeping near it"
,Recommended,253250,20407142,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,yuikami,"This is a very cute, carefree and soothing building/managing a town kinda game. Think about it as Banished in casual mode, your whole town won't be wiped out by a deadly plague or cruel nature, just simple attacks from goblins, so if you enjoy more building than surviving through series of rage, I'm sure you'll enjoy this game a lot more. You get to control these villagers called Heathlings, assign them classes, see them working it through and even advancing to other classes. (which are not complete yet since it's still an early access, many classes are still ???) You get to craft many furnitures, design your buildings, decorate it as well. (To add to this, the furnitures are also very cute♥) If you can look over the early access and horrid perfomance issue that they're continuously fixing, (I have to use the word horrid, I have to restart my PC everytime I'm done with this game and it lags like crazy after a few days ingame which is still a common issue atm.) it's a relaxing fun game nontheless."
,Recommended,253250,25849420,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Aliandris,"As of this writing, this is a very fun little game.  Great graphic design, all the fun touches, and the building aspect is tremendous.  I can't wait for the finished product."
,Recommended,253250,30358083,Posted: 6 March,all,CannonK,Stonehearth is fantastic but unfinished and will probably never be.
76561198053518734,Not Recommended,253250,20171699,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,noro26,"It's a fun little game but over the last week or two I keep finding myself being frustrated and I stop playing. Not because it's not fun but because it doesn't work, all the time. The building process is a mess, often times villagers ignore buildings halfway complete or dont even begin, sometimes the editing feature doesn't work so you cant even put wall on a building you're trying to make, any big projects like mining a large area or placing a big fence stop midway or cant be completed or cancelled. It's ""fun"" doesn't overshadow the bugs and frustration especially when you invest 20 minutes into something and have to start all over again more than once."
,Recommended,253250,23939580,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,inspiringdeeply,"I'm writing my review pretty early despite not having much play time so far.I bought this game during the Seam Summer sale at 20% off after having put it on my wishlist a while back.So far, the game is definitely worth the buy- and has shown itself already to be highly replayable even at its current state. I'm writing my review with the understanding that there will be a few bugs, some improvement suggestions, and in mind that more content will be released. Honestly, with where it's at now, I would love for a Workshop to be added for the community. Alas, it's still in alpha...Graphics: 9/10 being pixel themed. Very cute chibi like, so it appealed to me immediately. They glitch out sometimes for me, but I don't find it too annoying to not play.Gameplay Mechanics: 6/10 (this is definitely subject to change) With the fact that as others have stated there is much need for improvement for AI to properly work. I wish that the tasks they did were in order of your selection on what to build- meaning if you choose to build a cottage and you're currently building one- they will flock to the cottage you just qued instead of continuing to build the current one first.A way better tutorial on how to use the game mechanics at this point is highly needed. I had to google with no help to find out how to place a objects, such as my crafting bench, and had to press ""P"" to finally be able to go to a screen to place objects. After pressing P, I have not needed to do so, and placing objects started working for me. I would have also liked to understand how to use certain classes like the trapper early on.For the first part of your gameplay, you'll probably find yourself very slowly starting to understand how the game works because there is a lack of even a brief tutorial. The only tutorial you get is understanding how the camera options work, which if you play games regularly especially of this type, is pretty self explanotory before you even open the game.Content: 6.5/10* (subject to change) so far there are two playable races and two types of biomes to play in. The races pretty much work best only in their biomes- so if you're wanting to switch it up game play will definitely be harder. Not a bad thing, but I hope to see more races and biomes added for sure in the future which they've shown to be highly likely in the start screen.You are also able to select to be in Sandbox mode, normal, and hard, of course.I hope to definitely see a wider selection of crafting, building types, tasks, enemies, classes, etc. in the future. Once again, it's still in early acess- but even with its options now it's not bad.One complaint I have is that at the beginning of the game, you choose a selection of the map- make sure that the box you pick is not cut off in anyway because that section of the map is the only available area for you to build your village in at least in what I've seen so far. I hope that they change it to where that's just the area of the map that you choose to reside, and still can explore out further. Otherwise, it cuts a huge chunk of game time to me. You can't explore much out of your settlement, and it makes resources limited.Replay Value: 9/10 With the options so far that are available, you still have different scenarios and ways that you can play out in your game. And it's pretty addicting...Reccommend: 10/10 Would reccommend anyone this game at its current state even in early access.Stonehearth has already shown itself to have an extremely promising future. Hope to play with this game as it grows and expands itself. Hope to see DLC and a workshop in the future. :)"
,Recommended,253250,33730784,Posted: 22 July,all,Wanderhoof,"ALPHA REVIEW IN PROGRESSThis simplest way I can describe Stonehearth is that it is a sandboxy, fantasy-medieval themed, town/city-builder and villager sim.  If I had to make comparisons to other games... oh, geez, it has dashes of Minecraft, Warcraft (the old RTS), Harvest Moon, Sims, and maybe a few others.  But, it isn't exactly like any of those, and I am not sure the comparisons due it full justice.The art style for the world is cheerful and cartoonish, being somehwat block styles a la Minecraft, but with more detail.  I would say that it would be nice if the in-game character graphics were more like they are in the splash screens - a chibi-manga style with soft, rounded lines and a warm, distinctive appeal.  This is sort of my one major disappointment.  The splash screens have characters that seem... well... full of character.  Distinctive, interesting, unique, and full of personality.  In game, they are reduced to a blocky archetypes that visually aren't too striking.  That said, praise should be given to the detail, such as is available, given in customization, with hair, facial hair, skin tone, gender, and name all being customizable, while various traits and skills can be endlessly re-rolled for random personalities, abilities, strengths, and weaknesses.While there are, depending upon game mode chosen, very likely optimal paths of building, defense (for the regular and hard modes),villager promotions and job assignments, resource gathering, and so on, Stonehearth seems perfectly happy to let you muddle about in whatever fashion you choose.  While some may find a lack of specific development direction dictated to them by the game (via quests or a campaign, as examples) to be a turn-off, I quite enjoy just being able to approach things at my own pace and with my own ideas.Quests do periodically pop up, but they aren't terribly critical in how you pursue them or even if you pursue them.  They seem more like a bit of variety tossed in should you want to participate in them or progress your village in a certain direction or attain specific achievements and rewards.There is a lot of customization you can do with how you build and decorate structures.  But, you can also choose from a variety of pre-designed structures for easier village building.  Placement is easy enough, and there are suitable features for facing, editing, and placing your buildings so that you can get the village layout you desire.Even though various things - job promotion, assigned activies, and crafting for villagers are spread across a handful of menus, navigation of these menus and villager management is fairly intuitive.  One downside, however, is that when building new structures villagers seem completely oblvious to existing items store in stockpile and instead of using those will craft entirely new items to decorate said structures.  This is not a terribly big issue, as any surplus items can easily be sold to merchants.Given this game is still in alpha (though, amazingly functional none-the-less), I don't have any glaring issues or complaints thus far.  However, it would be nice to see at some point the tutorials fleshed out a lot more.  As it is, figuring out custom buildings and also how various buildings, resources, villager jobs, and so on interact with one another is one part reading every item, job, and resource info pop-up, and one part trial-and-error.  I'm not even sure this is really a bad thing, per se, but it does take some time to becaome proficient and informed on what does what and how.All in all, I love what has been done so far, and I am hopeful and excited about what comes next for Stonehearth.  Just as it is, I feel like paying for this early access alpha was money well spent."
76561198055998177,Recommended,253250,28626689,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Twigg_,"I don't buy early access games at all, but when I saw Stonehearth, I had to give a try. This game did not dissapoint. It may be unfinished, it may have some bugs and crashes, this was all overshun by the amount of charm this game offers. I had enjoyed this peaceful yet challenging game very much. Highly reccomended, can't wait for the future updates!"
76561198072298654,Recommended,253250,22831692,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Kerimonas,"Seriously, this game WILL BE awesome, if you like the micromanage games, and city builder games, you will love this masterpiece.Yet (2016.05.06) the game is in Alpha, and got serious bug problems, but still an enjoyable game if you got the right mood :)"
,Not Recommended,253250,23512631,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"Not worth 25. You will get a few hours of play out of this game, but then errors become more and more common. The game is still just TOO damn basic. Crafters quickly run out of use, some are just better then others (Oh boy.... pottery..... Only useful on the sand map, and even then ONLY so you can rush Mason.)Game world is tiny, feeling less like a world and more like and island.Wait until 10-15, or until the game comes further along."
,Not Recommended,253250,34694325,Posted: 2 September,all,Adam,"As you can see I've put a decent number of hours into the game (58 at the time of review).  I will likely continue playing it however I can't recommend it at this time.  I realize that it's an early access game and I expect bugs to happen.  The one glaring issue that prevents me from recommending this game is the how laggy it gets above 20 hearthlings.  I don't know if it's the number of hearthlings or if this is simply a correlation to the amount of development you're able to achieve around the same time you get to 20 hearthlings.  About that time the game goes from moving along smoothly to a stuttering mess.  I have a decent PC and I've watched a resource monitor on my other screen.  The game taps about 4-8gb of RAM and takes up approximately 30% of my CPU.  I've hunted around on forums and there doesn't seem to be a consensus on what's causing the slowdown.  Most of what I found attributed it to walling in your town and somehow that creates pathing issues, others have said it's simply the amount of time the game has been running and a restart will clear it up.  Either way, I would like to continue to grow a town and summon some Orcs to challenge but it's just not fun when the game looks like stop motion photography instead of running smoothly.Developers:  If you're reading this I would like for you to know that I will happily change this review to a Yes when the mid-late game lag issues are resolved."
,Recommended,253250,16279156,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RedLimed,Don't get me wrong this game has a long ways to go but in it's current state it is a very fun and relaxing game. This has been my smartest early access game yet. I strongly reccomend you try it out.
76561198125050811,Not Recommended,253250,30355124,Posted: 6 March,all,aaronbeedleofficial,"I have waited above a year after initially purchasing this game for some simple but vital improvements to the game's building designer / editor, a key part of the game since it feels quite dead ended otherwise. Apart from the addition of a poor staircase generator, there have been no improvements that I can see. The game is still incapable of handling even slightly complex designs. Only a basic square room with a roof seems to work properly. Due to the very, very slow resolution to this issue I think it's only fair I write this one down as a no go. Which is a shame, because it seems to have had a lot of work put into it so far."
76561198005519616,Recommended,253250,17701924,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,yych007,"42hrs now, FOURTY TWO!I recommand it because it's fun and it's a lovely game.The gameplay is cool and similar to the Settler and it's a bit buggy...very buggy actually. But the devs are actually pusing updates so it's fine for me.But before you buy, you should check the official site for Q/A and bug reports to make sure you can tolerate those bugs...Here's one bug or two I've encountered:Tried to build a three-decker, then all my workers(not all villagers) stopped building after completing the first floor and just idling around. Okay...fine, let's build something else, how about...a round barn! The workers again, left this one unfinished and the game started to crash ( probably because of the barn, I had to load the previous save to avoid it otherwise the game crashes).So I tried a less complicated building, a beautiful and decent modern dinner ofc, It's finished this time, very happy about it. Oh wait...the windows are missing and my workers refuse to install them, Naughty workers!"
,Recommended,253250,30510412,Posted: 14 March,all,JackelZonn,"It's generally an alright game.Some Pro's an Con'sPro's:-It has a very unique artstyle.-It's a enjoyable and addicting game.-With the upcoming Alpha 21 you really have the feeling like you're playing with unique hearthlings.-It has a great community:Con's:-It's has some small buggs that could really break you game:>When you build something hearthlings could get trapped on roofs or inside doorless rooms.> Hearthlings sometimes don't retrieve items that you've selected they should loot.-Although it's already a fun game, it still isn't near done..-Can't add mods trough steam workshop.-The building designer doesn't allow you to remove roofs.-Nothing happens when all your hearthlings are dead.I'd give it an 7.2/10It's still in Alpha so the game could be completely different when fully complete, and I'd love to see what it becomes over time. I think it's a fair price overall.. There is great support and if you have a great idea you can always submit it on the forum, maybe your idea will be added into the game! If you're trying to find a new game to play, check out Stonehearth."
,Recommended,253250,32702562,Posted: 23 June,all,Swag Jesus,"You know those Ads for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on Youtube where they say you can ""Build your own civilization from the ground up, customize your buildings, defend your civilization from creatures and monsters""But then you play it and its really just a 2D map manager.This ISNT one of those games.THIS GAME, allows you to ACTUALLY build your own customized civilization from the ground up. Although Stonehearth is in its Alpha stage this game is full of stuff to do. First you start by picking your People's backstory, where they came from, they're attitudes, aspirations and appearances. Then you decide where in the randomly generated map you would like to start your little caravan off. First after gathering some supplies you craft little shacks with beds to shelter your ""Hearthlings"", then soon your building your next Knight's watch tower, or your building another giant farm plot to feed the next wave of Hearthlings you need to expand your now City. After your Hearthlings are safe in their town ou can send them off to fight the monsters of the land and claim rewards and treasures.I've only just started playing Stonehearth and I see a lot of potential for it and i hope the Devs keep up with it. It's a really unique experience and i hope i interested some of you enough to give it a try.Only real issue i have with the game are the bugs, they really hold the game back from being as great as it could be."
76561198014101273,Recommended,253250,22267049,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Box of Nightmares,"Even with the extra help in the newer updates, I still feel like this game needs some extra work to carry though.  Similar to Minecraft but relying on the villagers to do everything for you, you’d think the ai would work more effectively, but they still struggle from time to time.  Even trying to help prompt them so any ways, they still fail to complete tasks or build buildings.  So buy this game only when it’s on sale, since it is a fun game but not a completed game, so don’t pay full price."
,Recommended,253250,26346263,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zombro,"I've had the game for a while now. It's great, fun, more responsive now given the updates, but the one thing they have yet to fix is the amount the game stutters (even with normal-high FPS (I run the game at an even 55FPS and my Hearthlings stutter like crazy)) at a certain point. You cannot really build too much or queue too much or else your Hearthlings will look like they're making a stop-go walk to their destination (even during work animations). The game isn't bad by any means and a lot of the construction bugs (I.E: not working anymore even when you have all required materials for a building) are squashed.Despite the cuteness and the fact I am recommending this game, I am not currently recommending it until some more optimization is brought into the mix. However, I don't expect my review to cause anyone to wane in their decision (for better or worse) so if you decide to buy it, then by all means you won't regret it if you can get past my aforementioned gripe."
76561198002555743,Not Recommended,253250,34006724,Posted: 3 August,all,panpiper,"This could be a great game when it is finished. Right now however it is a buggy mess. Getting anything done feels like you are fighting molasses with the interface, not intuitive at all. And some bugs are SO severe, they end any possibility of continuing to play whatsoever. Hold off till it comes out of early release, and then see what people are saying about it."
,Not Recommended,253250,34012134,Posted: 4 August,all,Davey,"As the game is right now, I would not recommend it. This is very much an early access game. Skills and combat could be fleshed out and explained a little better. You constantly have to fight against the game if you want to design your own buildings. Building stuff is such a big part of the game, it really should be easier to do.The progression is OK. Enemies and bosses get harder as you go on. They don't really do anything different, though. It's pretty much the same enemies over and over again, with higher health and damage."
,Recommended,253250,23212713,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SANS,"Three words: Addicting, Multiplayer please"
,Not Recommended,253250,33156758,Posted: 2 July,all,Midjji,"This game has the potential to become a fun custom village builder, as is its to buggy. The graphics are actually very nice, the scaffolding in particular and the music is good. The actual building can be fun, but desperately lacks editing of templates and fusing templates(without the game bugging out... ). If the devs had stuck with a few items, doors and building with nothing but cube blocks and template pieces made from cube blocks it would have worked. But the many special blocks such as the walls, foundation and roof cause both bugs and problems and since the special blocks are effectively required, why the hell can you only place doors and windows  on walls instead of in a suitably sized cube ""wall"" ...It does appear like the devs are sticking with it though but they seem to focus on adding more new stuff rather than adressing the bugs or game breaking missing features. Edit templates, edit existing building. Mining uppwards using scaffolding, terraforming,( just place a block here, dont consider it a building mode.  )  and terraforming when placing a template, ie remove whatever is in the way, dig out and or fill with pillars. id also like to see Weather and seasons but it might just have been bugs that caused that not to happen...  AI director might be a good idea too, or something along the lines of df.The economy is intuitive but simplistic and if everything else is adressed it might become an issue as might the low difficulty and low variation in challenges. There is a tutorial which starts out well, but crashed silently more than once...."
,Not Recommended,253250,29741846,Posted: 6 February,all,ExM,"Things I like about the game:Fight bossesSurviveManage a settlement and their economy to a pointTemplate or free style building availableExpandMany recipes, more with the t2 items added.Your settlement has jobs. You need certain jobs to open up other ones.Create traps and defend your settlement.Play all jobs at once. Serious time sink and time management for your hearhlings.Gather resources and minePretty gameMusicCute hearthlingsAs they level up they gain better abilities or buffsQuesting availableEntertainingGraphicsJob progessionCareer and ability progression for most employed hearthlingsStoryThings I dislike about the game:In game pop up's of Engine Errors that wipe your game saves or that make it so you can't ever build again on that save or map that you just sunk 50 plus hours into. Been months and no fix for this issue. Happens to others too because my friend who played has the same problem.Slow bug fixes.Building aspect of it is a mess. You can insert windows and doors etc but you have to force trick it to do it to free-style building by placing blocks behind them to connect it just to get a windows since it doesn't really allow for that.You can just use their walls but they are gigantic. Their huge walls have automatic colums and sometimes there is no color match up leaving you on huge builds with ugly colums in odd colors.Limitted colors to build in. Almost no different textures. Lots of solid colors that are blue, orange, tan or brown or pink hues.Double doors stick out of one side out of the doorway more than another side. Objects just aren't even.Lack of space even when making tons of vaults. Not enough clay without digging a lot compared to all other resources available to you when mining.Not enough building variety.Hearthlings are just too slow.Crafting times are too slow.Town inventory item limit is too low for a game that you can build on and decorate as well.Roofing tool doesn't like to work most times.Changing between colors on a wall means you have to select each wall. You can't just apply it with an option to all walls if you wanted too. Making the game even slower.You can't use the delete erase tool for anything other than slabs when building. Making this far more frustrating when building. You can't use it on doors, windows etc either.I lasted a good while on the game but enough is enough. I don't want to keep starting maps over any more. I can over-look many of these things in early access, however I can not over look their Engine Errors that ruining your hours and hours of maps when you can't no longer build on them due to these annoying errors as it breaks players game save files making it so they can't play or progress further. I played it a lot and re-started countless maps from scratch until finally I got burnt out of starting over. Game is slow paced some what as a result of starting over maps. Will update this once this game functions properly for the better & then re-visit it once bug fixes are made to the engine error issues. Follow it if you want. I can't recommend it in this state until they deliver those fixes. Disapointing to do so much work on it, then you have to be forced to start over again."
76561198160143679,Recommended,253250,22143086,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,3_fast_5_u,"Eventhough its Early access, and unlike in other games, the team is making a lot of constant progress, the updates have a lot of content and they make the effort of letting us know what every content is in detail (Youtube channel). Regardless of the game, the team is very hard working and creative, and the game itself is very recommended"
,Recommended,253250,20735745,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Rascaldees,"It is very rare that I log in to make a review. By that I mean (and I don't know if others have this issue) when steam connects me to make one it brings me to a new window where I am not logged in. But that is neither here nor there.Let me begin by saying this game has AMAZING POTENTIAL! However currently the villagers' AI is lacking though it is still an alpha build. Even then the game is still playable though you'll have many of your troopers standing around staring off into the sun like idiots.The great pros to the game:Great potential.Good graphics that aren't hard on your computer (I'm on a laptop, furthermore one built for office work and NOT gaming and I still rarely crash).The ability to build ANYTHING! Yes... anything! You can even build a giant hotdog if you wish.A city builder that isn't annoyingly complicated.The bad:Well, the AI sucks as forementioned. That's a work in progress I hope.Goblin attacks happen very early. I only had a carpenter and I was still working on making a guard when the first attack happened. I lost three of my five villagers. So yes, this is a bad thing but this also hasn't happened every game so perhaps it is just bad luck.Villagers don't seem to really want to work but that's probably just the AI again. Also, there needs to be a method to making each villager assigned to a specific home or shop area. I have farmers sleeping in buildings on the opposite side of town to their fields and blacksmiths sleeping outside the town entirely..."
76561198144072052,Recommended,253250,16526961,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RAJOO,i love this game this game is so fun and it will be more fun with steam workshop : )
76561198130185456,Recommended,253250,17254123,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Terabyte843,this is a pretty cool game to me. Set a point build a town and strive to keep it alive. its better than most building games because once you have reached your peak and have nothing left to do there is still challanges to try and test you. Great game and i totally recomend it.
,Recommended,253250,26043285,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BeardedDog,"This is a very exciting alpha game.  I really appreciate what Radiant is starting here.  Having been a long time Dwarf Fortress fan and player, I gotta say that Stonehearth is a great expansion of the genre and I hope it brings the beauty of fort games to others."
,Recommended,253250,29780215,Posted: 8 February,all,Svalbaz,"I was looking for a game like Dwarf Fortress but with better graphics and easier to get in to.This is it.Obviously it is not as deep as Dwarf Fortress but the basic mechanics are there.You can build a cute little forest town, or a mountain fortress. You can slaughter all of the pesky Kobolds in the world, or you can be a peaceful little farming village.This game is brilliant. My only problem with it so far, is that you will eat through the Campaign/Story within a few hours.Luckily the replay value so far is in creating new towns etc.Hopefully the devleopers keep up their active content updates and patches until well after the game has gone gold.Couldn't recommend this product enough."
,Recommended,253250,28934419,Posted: 2 January,all,Sizzackz,"It was either this or rimworld and since rimworld wasnt discounted for the winter sale I went with Stonehearth. I love games like cities skylines and i got a little taste of it with this game. There are some bugs with the scaffolding NOT being removed after building a custom building, which makes for a really ugly building. Other than that I would Recommend this game, but not highly until some of the bugs are resolved."
,Recommended,253250,20984686,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SλNTλ,"I am quite a big fan of the genre, and have enjoyed related titles a lot. Stonehearth has everything it needs to fill the  form:- Villagers with names and faces (...and stats and opinions!)- Random maps (...and varying biomes)- Crafting / industry (...and leveling craftsmen)- Resource management (...and storage management)- Trade (...and trade missions/events)- Town defense (...and giant zombies).But it doesn't stop at that, the best thing about this game is that it oozes love. It's being crafted with TONS of love. The devs really care for this product, and it shows. It even inspired me to write them a small letter, to which they kindly replied.That said, Stonehearth still has a long way to go until it's a solid, solid release, but I am extremely optimistic about the outcome and wish both develolpers and early adopters the best of luck."
76561198000649337,Recommended,253250,23135615,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,nodie,"really fun if you like this genre.some bugs and missing features, but it is an alpha early access game.note: early alpha opinion"
,Recommended,253250,26486078,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,p4ndr,"This alpha is more stable than any alpha I've ever seen, most betas i've seen, and some releases i've seen.It's ridiculously fun and addictive, even though it's not feature complete.If you want a synopsis of the gameplay, it's like Minecraft and The Settler's had a baby, and that baby surpasses it's parents in every way.The soundtrack is probably the best thing I've had in my ears in a long time.The price is ridiculous, but in a good way.This is an absolute gem of a game and it'sstill in alpha.BUY. NOW."
,Recommended,253250,17822542,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Arturo,"This is a fun little dorflike city builder. As with most of these, you start with 7 people (In this game, they're ""hearthlings"") and from there, you need to set up for food, shelter, resources, and defense. So far so same, right? The two largest twists on this one are how you can set up the housing (completely planning out a building, instead of either a hole in the wall or a prefab structure), and the animation style.I'm trying to find a good descriptor for the animation style, and I keep coming back to ""cute"". It's not the word I'm looking for, but it does indeed match, in my opinion. I feel emotionally vested in these hearthlings in a way I don't really get from the likes of Gnomoria, Towns, or even Dwarf Fortress, and I honestly feel it's the way they're animated. When goblins are charging into your town and you see your farmers scatter from their fields and cower, it makes you want to protect them. The victories feel more visceral when your footman is taking a giant stone hammer to the goblins instead of just getting lines of damage text.That is the best way I can really put it right there. If you're looking to just build a town, then there are hundreds of other games that do the same thing. If you want to take care of your citizens, check this one out."
,Recommended,253250,20518946,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,FoG,"Take a little bit of Sims, a dash of Minecraft, drop in some random camp raids... and you have an instant classic! Stonehearth brings out the best of tedious God like sim management mechanics. The cute villagers and charming music make you feel like Notch sold his soul to Disney instead of Microsoft :PHours of gathering, designing and building await in this excellent Early Access title.You can see my game footage on the FoGCast @Youtubegaminghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUp9-K2kosM-FoG"
76561198069563151,Recommended,253250,25653924,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ǥ0ÐR†©,"If i could buy this game twice i would do it 10 times. This game worth so much i played this game since he come out, there is always big changes in game and more fun to play after each patch (update), thanks for creating this game hope u enjoy guys it worths it."
76561198042166476,Recommended,253250,25244227,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,lettunena,"--Playing unstable alpha 18--I have been playing now over 8 hours, that's not much, but I have not encountered any game breaking bugs that some people complaining, only couple minor bugs.The game runs well on my computer, Game play mechanics are good, graphics looks beautiful.I have enjoyed my time with this game and at the moment I think I will play many more hours with this tactical town building/managing game.This IS NOT Minecraft,if want you to search something that this resembles graphically I will say CubeworldWhen you start game first time there will be difficulties to understand what to do if you play this kind of game first time, otherwise just by exploring game and searching what your Heartling's can do will solve many problems. there is no tutorial atm, hopefully we get one somedayAlpha 17 is current stable version, but there is no option to remove building(temporarily suspended).So be careful with that. so do not forget door from you building/house.Minor bugs:1.After Completing building they will start tearing scaffolding's down and sometimes they will forget couple of these in place - solution for this - ""CTRL-C""  to open console, click select scaffolding and write console ""destroy"" and its gone.2.Some times after building they left some hunk of stone or couple block of wood to roof top, this is quite funny, and if you wanna get rid of those, again console, or create ladders to get them.3.Sometimes when you get new heartling she/he will spawn in odd locations and cannot find way to your village. that is annoying, time build ladders again.I have not witnessed it myself, but I have read that when you have complex building you should save game before you start build it, sometimes they dont know how to build it, but this might be out dated warning.After 8hours I will give this game 8/10. (I will updated verdict again when I know  more about this game)I really want to give higher verdict but after 8 hours I cant"
,Recommended,253250,25626562,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Sem2Sem,"Amazing devs, constatnly updating the game."
,Not Recommended,253250,16679609,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Psiursus,"I cannot recommend buying this game right now, however it is close. There are just too many game breaking bugs that stop the fun. The UI can barely hold itself together and god forbid you try to build a custom building. Really the game looks good, but just needs some work so it can hold together."
76561198015070706,Recommended,253250,18415363,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DEATHJABBERS,"Even though I recommended this game, I wouldn't get it just yet. It's so buggy that it is absolutely unplayable. The developers update it regularly and I have full expectations that it will be one of the greatest city-building games ever made when it is finished.It's essentially Minecraft mixed with Banished. You assign jobs and tasks that need to be done, and your little hearthlings go do it. You don't controll the hearthlings directly, you simply guide them. They can die from combat and starvation, so careful planning and resource management is very important. It's as much a game of strategy as it is creation.The game is currently somewhat limited in the designs you can create based on the terrible AI of your hearthlings and the bad UI. It will get fixed, and when it does, you'll be able to create things on par with Minecraft. All while playing a sandbox citybuilder.When this game is out of the alpha stage, GET IT GET IT GET IT!!!"
76561198005449677,Recommended,253250,21737471,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Want3d Rang3r,A fun and relaxing game. Good time to turn the brain off and just play
,Recommended,253250,16339182,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,WiNGZZ tk,"A little buggy at times (workers not finishing buildings, getting stuck at places where I dont know how they got to, etc..) but still a really fun game with a lot of features. Cant wait for more jobs."
76561198037290587,Recommended,253250,23904019,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yncensus,"Disclaimer first: If you like your games performant for your ancient machine and bug-free, you probably should wait until final release before buying.But if you like a cute voxel-based village simulation game, where you can build however you like (and if it doesn't work, post a bug report ondiscourse.stonehearth.net),and want your games made with love and attention to details,and the (IMHO) best Development Team in the world working on it (again, post on the above-mentioned discourse, if you have something to say),then it is probably a great game for you."
76561198020130676,Recommended,253250,28334050,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,matt,"It's hard to evaluate any game that is in Alpha, so please take that into account when reading this:I have played this game for about 20 hours. (kids have put in another 40 and they love it) and I find it it be very well crafted and well thought out.  They really have nailed this so far.  every feature that is currently in the game is well done, and the crafting system, and promotion system is complicated enough to allow for a variety of professions while simple enough to play without spending a long time deciding what your citizens should be doing with their lives.If you think the videos look good, you should for sure try this game out, you won't be dissapointed.My only conern with the game is the roadmap and direction it is going.  What I mean by that is I cant really get a sense from googling this game on the internet or looking though the forums how close this game is to being finished.  In my opinion at ""Alpha 19""  it is only about half done.  there is no multiplayer yet, (although I believe that is coming)  and what this game really needs is some ""dwarf fortress"" or ""minecraf"" machine building capebility, (using physics, and trap doors and drawbridges and leavers and such to really bring your constructions to life.  I assume that is coming in the future, as it really seems like that is what the game is designed to eventually become.I am enjoying it so far and am looking forward to seeing where the developers take it."
76561198046017683,Not Recommended,253250,20281491,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Letmewinimagirl,"For all potential buyers:This game is very fun and the art style is really awesome. It's like the best of everything from all the pseudo pixel-graphics titles being released so frequently now. I enjoyed playing this game, for an hour or so. The game has a lot of good concepts, but nothing seems even partially fleshed-out. I understand that it is an early access game, but still. Charging $20 for a a game that you can experience everything in within 4-5 hours of gameplay is criminal, in my opinion.While I was watching some of the video reviews/let's plays, I saw that the characters don't have any sort of customization. They have no outfits, you can't assign them to a bed and decide where each one lives. This is fine with me, but I figured it was a trade-off for a more in-depth crafting system and/or building system. However, I was disappointed to find out that this was NOT the case. The crafting is very surface-level(and extremely annoying to level). The buildings have very little functionality other than to make your villagers do what they already do, better.Overall, the experience was a bit underwhelming. It was too much of a simulator(and not even a good simulator at that) and not enough of an interactive city-builder, like I thought it would be. I actually bought this game because I played Cities: Skylines and felt that too much based on the simulation and less based around fun, but in the end, this game left with a similar feeling.TLDR: Fun game. Cool art. No depth. Very little content.If I could reccomend a couple things to the developers:-Add more character customization. Instead of trying to build more into the ""job tree"", give each person with that profession a separate talent tree that gives each character some identity and gives you a reason to have more than one of them other than just that their job isn't being taken care of.-Add more functionality to buildings.-Increase villager cap and allow for more space to build on and allow towns to be converted into cities.-Add more tutorial information. Almost all of the stuff I had to learn how to do, was learned via videos. The tutorials taught me very little about how to play the game.P.S. I will be keeping an eye on this game with high hopes that it will be improved in future."
76561198159353430,Recommended,253250,16970606,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dank_Panda,Pro: Fun.Con: Bugs.12/15
76561198043131528,Recommended,253250,17723647,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Russell,"I recommend this game, straight off, reason why? You can do litterally anything you want to, you can build a castle, you can have a smaller settlement, with a small guard. You can build a larger army, you can raise a group of traders, you can role play this game. However there is one downside and the downside that unfortunately all games have. It's called memory leaks, it's called lag, it's called performance, of course this is in alpha, so if you want to get the game be ready for bugs, i sure hope the devs are dedicated to this game forever, i know i will be playing this a lot, but when the game crashes, i need to find something to surpress my emotions after that point, cause it's the only reason i can't play it. Memory stacks up after time, and it causes it to crash in the end, so i reccomend it in it's future, that i HOPE it will be an amazing game."
76561198006571736,Not Recommended,253250,23385432,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,col.s.ward,"The best description I can give for this game is that it is like Minecraft if you controlled an entire town.This is a fun game at first, but I don't recommend it right now because the game is far too content light for the price they are asking. The devs are also slow to add content to the game, so their support for this game is quesionable give how long this game has been in early access.Also, the UI can be clunky in places and your townsfolk while mining can trap themselves and die. The game tries to notify you when they're about to die, but it's usually too late. I think they should be able to build ladders themselves and get out of the mine without having to send one of your other people over to build a ladder to get them out. Also, your townspeople will literally work themselves to death if ask them to carry something back to your town from too far away. It seems like these people could say something like ""I'm not strong enough to that"" to prevent accidental deaths or a UI indicator of how far they can go out to carry stuff back without dying. These kind of things are very annoying but you can get new villagers to replace them fairly quickly at least.You can make buildings for your townsfolk, but I don't see a point to it other than you like to build things. There is no weather cycles or seasons yet and the towns folk have no issue with sleeping in beds outdoors and eating outdoors. Buildings take a long time to build and they don't seem to be worth this investment in survival mode. Walls are okay, but monsters tend to bust down your gates rather quickly. The maps are very wide open in places, so the option to build bigger wall sections would be nice.The classes your villagers can become are cool (there's about 10 or so), but there really isn't a lot they can do and many items are there just for cosmetics. Some classes feel much more fleshed out than others currently. I think this feature will be great once it's finished.Still, the game has a lot of charm and I had fun with it while it lasted, but the game in no way feels finished, so buyer beware, it may be a while before this game is done!"
76561198000813362,Recommended,253250,29062947,Posted: 6 January,all,alco,a nice and calm strategy game that lets you build up your own town and defend it against some minor enemies.Likes it allot.Just some minor buggs that doesnt lets you see some of the costom walls you make sometimes.
,Recommended,253250,29075260,Posted: 6 January,all,✪ Dankth Lord Kushington,10/10 would lose to goblins again.
,Recommended,253250,16294074,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Wolfie,"Cute City Management GameThe game is just cute and relaxing, allowing you to choose from ""Normal"" Or ""Sandbox"" mode, it is sure to fit for casual gamers who just want to craft and enjoy the game or peoples who want a little challenge from random enemy spawns.The game on its state seems to have lot of potential in growing further, but it still offers a wide variety of things to do to keep the game going for hours.Good:Solid Gameplay (Its super easy to learn and get into the game)CuteLong lifetime (Keeps you playing for hours)RelaxingNice musicBad:Minor unbalance issues (easy to make money by selling items)Error messages/bugsIn all of its glory, the game is really worth the money and when all the bugs gets sorter out and updates have been made, its going to be even better.I can higly recommend it even now on its ""Early Access"" state."
76561198030308054,Recommended,253250,29972617,Posted: 16 February,all,Savage Princess,"I love this game but right now im so mad at it.  They updated the desert people (good job) so now it has more buildings and stuff however i''ve now gone thru two towns and each save won't load the UI, also they werent' finishing the building completely like a window or door, or even not at building.buy the game when its on sale btw. I've had this for about 2 years now"
,Recommended,253250,16250666,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,RayThatOneGuy,"Hopefully the bugs get worked out quickly. I enjoy the game but bugs like the saving UI freesing, and when all of my citizens become idle make impossible to play without restarting. Im also looking forward to the multiplayer feature, expanded maps, more classes, and more enemies."
76561198130716621,Recommended,253250,16243857,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Cerf_Blanc,"So, I played the game during 13 hours and ended with 13 hearthlings, 5 sheeps and one pet fox (and a hecking huge amount of everything, especially food). After 13 hours, I started to feel like I did everything. But the game is in EA, and is really good at this point. I highly reccomend it to every city-builder/town-manager fan, but be prepared ! The bug windows will drive you nuts ! At first you'll be softhearted because it's an alpha, it needs time... But those red windows spam so often it quickly becomes unbearable ! I wish there was an option to disable them... We don't understand why they appear anyway...Other bugs to repport :- some scaffoldings stay for ever, same for some ladders- road placing is an easy way to get a red windows party (it's soooo bugged)- some items tend to desapear...- Probably more but minor"
76561198153372255,Recommended,253250,20717038,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Bullynator,"Amazing game, cute characters, nice graphics, bugs everywhere.For being an early access game I say it's great. The devs do a good job updating the game regularly which makes me want to play again and again, sadly I can't keep playing with the same town for long because the game either takes a lot of RAM slowing everything down, or the building system would stop working in the middle of designing a custom building and delete what I've created. Sometimes the farmers won't farm, instead they haul other items letting my crops to rot. I play mostly this game on peaceful because it's relaxing, also there's no monsters jumping at you every minute or so. Enemies should have a spawn area farther away from the settlement because they can appear besides houses or inside the mines which sometimes is annoying. BUT STILL I RECOMMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE ITS FRICKING AWESOME, and cute, really cute."
,Recommended,253250,28257515,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Justin Hinds & The Dominoes,"update 6 months later: i deleted a building and the whole thing came crumbling to the ground instantly!! custom buildings get built completely and properly!!! things also run a lot smoother and in general feels way less clunkyoriginal review:Awesome little city builder with a pretty good system for constructing your own buildingsits one of those games that gives your AI villagers decent autonomy, so you dont really have to micromanage them.the devs are active and as time goes on, ive noticed my little noobs can build more complex structures without bailing half-way through the construction.there are still a few minor issues, but two main ones that ive encountered pretty consistently:- its still difficult, if not impossible, to delete a building design once youve started it, and once youve started the design, its there for good. so if you try to design a building in the middle of town, but mess up on like one of the walls, your better off restarting the game from your most recent save. itll be quicker and actually work, rather than trying to undo what youve done. And sometimes scaffolding will remain forever because your little nubs think theyve completed a building when in fact they have not even come close to it. so the design/construction system def still needs some work.- youll start to run into issues once your little village has a couple dozen citizens. everything will start to slow down simply because of the complexity and demand on your little nooblets.that being said, the devs have been great and every update seems to fix a little bit more. my village can last nearly twice as long without me getting fed up with a stuttering population!so yea, id recommend it but only for like $20 max. wait for a sale, unless you want to support an early access game with active devs ;)10/10 critters stuck on the roof"
,Recommended,253250,24656688,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rick -iwnl-,"It's very cool! I like your game, the best game I've seen. I would really like to have you coped with the project and look forward to multiplayer... please don't drop the project. I was very worried two months before the New year, when you left to rest. I was afraid that the game was abandoned...I hope the multiplayer:To be able to play with friends in the mode ""normal,"" except that each player had their own group of settlers, and everyone can build cities. But I would like to play is become as one of the leading creates a server, choose the hash map and the place where it will be located, and the players, where they will be located. To be able to trade with other players and help them in the battle against evil and fight with other players.I hope you read this because I love your game.Your fan from Russia, sorry for my English."
,Recommended,253250,23990131,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kooki3,"Started this game up around 10 PM, ended up playing it all night t'ill 4 AM. This game is very addictive. Think of it as Minecraft, but now you get to control all the miners in the game and set up tasks for them to do. From building hoses to making tunnels it gets very addictive.Only thing I don't like is the progression ladder. To make a blacksmith you need a carpenter, to make a mason hammer to then make a blacksmith hammer at lvl 3. It takes a while to move up the progression ladder and can get a little frustrating setting up the basic professions. Also at this time there are lots of bugs that get your players stuck but there are console commands to move them out when it happens. In the 5 hours I've played I encountered maybe 6-8 bugs/glitches so just a fair warning it is still in alpha, BUT playable."
76561198000342758,Recommended,253250,24163675,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ļeroy jenkins,Every time I play I lose 6 hours of my day.If you only just meet the min system requirements you will most likely have to restart every hour or so.After 6 hours this game was using just shy of 10 GB of my 16 GB of ram and over 3.5 of the 4 vram on my GPU. This was with max setting. After a quick restart it dropped down to 4 GB ram and less than 1 vram.It is still early access so you cant expect it to feel like a fully polished game. They have alot of work to do before this is a finished game but is fun with what is there so far.Will be buying a copy for the wife. 9/10
,Not Recommended,253250,18178443,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sickjin,"Great game, I would completely recommend it, except the ""Idle Bug"" makes it unplayable once you have more than 10 citizens. For people unfamiliar with the game, the LUA/Pathfinding increases in memory usage until your citizens stop moving, building, or completing any actions, so the game comes to a complete stop. It's happening to pretty much everyone in the community, people are complaining on the forums, and in a recent Twitch stream the game developers have stated that fixing it ""isn't a priority for them"", instead they want to add staircases(?). With the current development cycle it will probably be a couple years before this is playable and I can fully recommend it."
,Not Recommended,253250,18331242,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TweAk,follow this game but dont buy it yet
76561198015456313,Recommended,253250,29218581,Posted: 12 January,all,hellbiter88,"This game is so great. It's fun, cute, but also challenging at times. The dev team is extremely receptive to feedback from players and maintain regular contact with their fanbase as well as transparency. When this game was first released, it was very buggy--as to be expected in alpha. And while bugs still remain, the foundation is becoming quite solid and gamebreaking bugs more and more rare. Stonehearth is beginning to take shape into the epic and memorable game it was designed to be, and the love and dedication of this team of devs really shows.Although it is Early Access, I feel like it's one of the better EA titles out there, and I strongly urge those interested to buy it and show support."
76561197988290128,Recommended,253250,25481255,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sithmedic,"It's a good game that is starting to have enought features to keep the game challenging and fun, as well as replayable. Lots to do in the game with your people management.It has a few things that it needs to work out. There is a strangely sharp dificulty curve when you get to mid-game when the enemies go from trivial to world endingly strong with no middle step. Would be nice to have the game scale better.I would also like to see a dual class system for the people in some fassion.I would also like to see other villages. For example: an enemy village that can be ally, neutral, or eventually and enemy village that are not goblins. I think it would be interesting to have more variety of enemies/difficulties.TLDR?Fun game about building a village and fighting off monsters. More features and ballancing needed, but currently fun and replayable.Cheers"
76561197991666138,Recommended,253250,16215943,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mikakitty-Chan,"I LOVE this game and it's only in alpha. If the game is this awesome at this point, I am super excited to see just how much more awersome it'll become. At first I was hesitant to fork out $25 for a game this early in developement, but after reading the shining reviews of others, I was like, ""well okay. why not? I adore these types of games"". and let me tell you, I have not been disappointed. There was a bit of a learning curve in the beginning, but just googling the game for faqs fixes that quickly.  Keep up the good work and keep the updates coming! You guys are doing an amazing job!"
76561198065566234,Recommended,253250,23117505,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[SWAG]Permarin1,"I haven`t played this game for so long, but i have played it long enough to recomend it.I usally dont write a review for games on steam, but whit this game im making the exception, i know the game could use some more improvements, but it is still in early access, so from my point of view this game is awesome.It is a medival time minecraft/city builder, and if you do love building, dont skipp on this product, yea sure check it up, watch some vids on it, get some more info on the game, what can you do in it that you like, is this really something for you, if it`s not for you im not forcing you to get it.The devs sayed in the info box of why early access, that the game will be 8-12 months in early access, and in two weeks the game will have been on steam for a year, so it`s not long untill the egg cracks and a new life begins, because that's exactly what will happen when the game finally crawls out of early access. and i do see the bright future for this game, as i hope you will."
,Recommended,253250,17023707,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,SkepticDK,"I really enjoy this game! There so many opportunities and only creativity seems to be the limit. Im looking forward to every update the devs spit out - and the Alpha 11 seems VERY promising! :)I do need some way to control the Heartlings, like ""Go to"" and ""Priority on this job"". Stuff like that. That being said, this game gets a huge thumbs up - and I cant wait for the next updates!"
,Recommended,253250,16994342,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,tyjaay1021,"Great game with sooo much potential. I still would recommend it, but I keep finding it nearly impossible to play. There are still so many bugs that need to be fixed. I love the game, but there are a few cons that make it unworth it in this stage of the game. You cannot make a single mistake with building, or you're screwed. You cannot destroy buildings. Why? I don't know, it's not implemented yet. Also, there are COUNTLESS bugs that I've encountered in game. Not just tiny bugs-the bugs were so bad I had to make a new game a few times. Still, great game with tons of potential. If they add in the ability to remove buildings, and fix the current bugs this game will be more than worth it!"
,Recommended,253250,16273145,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,"TL;DRA great Village building game with mechanics similar to Minecraft, Banished and Dwarf Fortress. Well worth the money asked. Developers are HEAVILY involved in development and community relations, along with consistant and crisp graphics.The community of Stonehearth show how amazing this game is, and how much potential the developers have.---------Where do I start on this brilliant game? I've been watching this EA game since Alpha 2, and have finally decided to buy it. There are hundreds of pros and minimal cons. It is well worth the money asked for (you could wait until the summer sales heil gabeN) Or you can spend it right now!Pros:- The DevelopersThe developers are heavily community focused, implenting features people think would suit the game, as well as fixing game breaking bugs that are encountered. They do frequent updates (Around one every few weeks) and keep the community informed with ""Desktop Tuesdays"" where they show off new features being implented- Beutiful GraphicsI don't often judge a game by it's graphics. But this is an amazing exception. The graphics are smooth, clear, and crisp, it often reminds me of Minecraft (minus the 16 bit textures) due to its simplicity. The graphics are consistent, and don't randomly change with updates.- The CommunityThe community is very well knit, and are welcoming of new players. You can often find them helping new players settle in to the world of Stonehearth, and help solve problems with bug fixes.Cons- CrashesLike most EA games, there are lots of crashes, there are a few crashes here and there, but if you remembered to save, you're in luck, they've recently added an autosave feature, which is absolutely brilliant, to make up for these crashes. They can be often caused by new features (the 64 bit update)- Steep learning curveLike Banished, it's going to take A LOT of tries to hit the ground running, but after learning why and where you went wrong, it gets a lot easier (my current ""village"" is on 40 hearthlings) and eventually you will end up with a small town.- AIThe AI in this game can be, at times, tedious, often when you mark a place to be deforested, they cut it down, but refuse to transport it to a stockpile (knowing me this will be the problem on my end), but eventually they get around to it.CONCLUSIONI believe that this game has a HUGE potential, and that the developers are prime examples of what should be the norm in the game industry (I'm looking at you EA) The community is one of the huge aspects of this game, there is some mod support, but sadly most are either broken or outdated. This game is well worth the £19 asked, with many features still to come."
76561198110039295,Recommended,253250,17776794,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mad_phoenix,"Currently in Alpha 11, StoneHearth shows promise. This said, It is in  ALPHA, and there is bound to be glitches. There is a pluthera of content, easy to learn controls, A cute and innocent atmosphere, and other appealing aspects. But, If you are playing the game for around a hour, without pausing and saving, the HUD will dissappear, and you cannot pause and save, making the only move you can make hitting the red X in the top right corner. It is a great game, but an autosave feature would be greatly beneficial."
,Recommended,253250,16355882,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,frcrash,I love this game! even though its in alpha i think its worth the money can't wait to see the completed game.keep up the good work.
76561198220836696,Recommended,253250,26280686,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Flyboy5678,"I love stonehearth and got it before even alpha 13! I recommend this game for all but I would like to note one issue for the developers. I can NO LONGER LAUNCH THE GAME. Io pathing error. Though this has said to only be a problem on my end as my friends were able to play, just not me. I would love assistance with this, but neverless, THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!"
76561198016204254,Recommended,253250,23182665,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Kinswald,"An awesome game that is coming along nicely. There are still some bugs but the dev team seems to be constantly at it and putting out updates. I love the way the game is progressing and it seems like the dev team is trying really hard to call it complete when the game is actually complete, not just cut and run after so much time."
,Not Recommended,253250,23627797,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cursive,"I want to love this game. I want to play it forever and build forever, but I am pretty frustrated overall with the quality. It doesn't seem to be getting any better over time and the same annoying flaws keep popping up. Removing a building almost never works if the workers get other order in the meantime. I'm not sure how the workers decide what work to do when, but their whole scheduling mechanism needs a ton of work. Likewise, if a building recievs orders, especially ones that contradict previous orders, the newer orders should take precidence, such that I won't be constantly stuck with half-complete building that I cannot force workers to finish nor remove...Likewise the whole grid-selection mechanism is clunky and hard to use. I'd like more control over the selection, and maybe be able to edit and confirm it before workers start digging a tunnel straight down and getting themselves stuck."
76561197992681922,Recommended,253250,23326573,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SirLogiC,"Really solid game. Along the lines of Dwarf Fortress or Gnomoria, but with actual real graphics, a nice UI and refined mechanics. Don\'t want to play it atm because there seems to be so much more content that will only make the game better. Had this for a while and the devs are still updating and adding content, just is quite slow. I just want to experience the finished game in all it\'s glory."
76561198142653687,Recommended,253250,23973372,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,YummySmallToes,This game is super fun and you can legit spend hours playing it. The updates only make the game better and it's worth every cent.
76561198123713110,Recommended,253250,34322133,Posted: 17 August,all,Lord Hawk,"So I just wanted to start by saying that i have a lot of games and very few of them have recieved a review from me. This being said I would love to see you guys put a time lock demo up so more people can try this masterpiece in the making. This team has captured lightning i thought lost to an age past. I get reminded of Final Fantasy Tactics every time I  change the classes of my characters and of Legend of Zelda when i see them battling with critter and their health heart ticks away. Of course you are a voyeuristic-god/commander of sorts, working behind the scenes to orchestrate a (hopefully successful) batch of misfits into building a settlement. Planning and guiding your Pixel Peeps to Glory and perhaps something tastier than a Turnip... Lets get started ^.^Positives (of course from my viewpoint._.)+ Active Dev Team (might i add awesome)+ Craftable sandbox world+ RNG/algo Map maker/Character Gen (works great for the design!)+ Settlement/Town builder+ Peaceful and Combat modes.+ Pixel Voxel build system. (allows you more options for customizing your settlements buildings and underground mines)+ Class Changing and Character Growth+ Cuteness (im a man o.k. but damn if i dont find these pixel peeps and their interactions with each other adorable.)Alas onto the not so great part of this ""review"" ( or opinionated $%#@, whichever you prefer. >.<)- Population Cap (..... why would you do this to me?....)- Stability issues/ CRASH REPORT! (yes save often folks, after all your world could be secondsfrom DOOOM!! [p.s. Dont save after doom {p.s.s *DOOOM!!* I know i know why not just correct it but oh well here we all are... --_-- } strikes because youll find it sticks around.])What id like to see> Tools to better control troop patrols. (maybe another set of flags or station tile [or both] to make troops hold and wait for a set time [5 sec/10/20/30/60sec] for better route control and coordination within larger villages/towns)> Mod Community Support ( This game can be truly Epic given time,drive,support,and MODS get us to the modern and future era in no time >_< [i can just picture them now in space hat and pewpew shooters])> Horses or Large Poyo mounts ( hope thats not copy writed by someone else....)Last note and a personal one to the team: Thank you for this awesome game and all of your hard work."
76561198059930396,Recommended,253250,30441884,Posted: 11 March,all,Abanon,"okay starting off with i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. but there are some things in it that are so annoyingly painful i straight up quit due to lack of control. i understand the ai needs its own personality and the npc's need to do their own thing, but when i have to keep my hearthlings in my base with the alarm because whenever i take it off they want to run out into a goblin camp and loot that log of wood, even though i cancled tasks in that area, i dont get a choice in their decision, so 1 by 1 they run out to loot something random even with haul, mine, job, off they refuse to listen, and because they go out to loot, my 2 footmen with 1/4 health decided to back him up and they all drop dead. would really enjoy a ""no enter"" zone for your characters to avoid (or even better a no civ zone and a no anyone zone) i like where this game is heading, but the ai is to off on its own to make it a game worth playing anymore. i still recommend this game to people because i can see how good the potential is in it. hopefully things get sorted out. good luck"
76561198038907271,Not Recommended,253250,20481902,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Porridge,"The dev team for this game are very good - the best ive seen for this genre of game. Development is promising, and the game itself is continually growing. I love this kind of game, however, in its current state, stonehearth is probably worth between $5 and $10.The game is very easy - I've so far been able to repel every attack, destroy every enemy base etc with two soldiers (I might have been overdoing it adding the second soldier, too!).Building is very bugged - I've had to cancel innumerable buildings as my villagers couldnt construct certain things or have gotten themselves stuck whilst trying. Being able to watch individual pieces on your building be placed by your citizens is cool but has lead to so many issues when actually performing this key functionality.Progression is basic and unfulfilling - you are a fully self-sustaining within 1-3 days of in-game time. Sure, this might not be a problem, as the game may intend to focus on thriving rather than surviving. However, thriving is impossible as the game cannot seem to handle having >12 citizens (at such numbers, you will see a lot of idling, and citizens with professions flat refusing to do their allocated job whilst there are other things to do - and no, the citizen management screen does not resolve these issues).Keep it on your watchlist, but unless you are looking for a very surface-level experience, steer clear until further down the development cycle."
,Not Recommended,253250,24349140,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Novalisk,"If you are into city buidling games, farming,  creating your own army, job management, etc, this game does a very well job presenting the genre of city builders.  The art style has a very cartoonish feel, at the same time giving the game its own charm; style that cannont be replicated by any other city building games out on the market right now. There is a lot of flexibility on how you want to manage your new village/town/city/empire and however you want to play it. With the plethora amount of new villagers coming into your town, you will find that there are many jobs that you can assign each Hearlthing. Build your own army to fight off hordes of Goblins and other such monsters. Loot from your enemies after you slay them and use the resources to help further expand your empire. There are also a variety of landscapes and even races of humans you can choose from; even more hours to explore how you want to play. While the idea of all this sounds great on paper, Stonehearth manages to crumble all those dreams.Yes you will have fun playing this game and yes you will enjoy the many hours playing this game. However, the one thing this game suffers greatly is the amount of bugs and gamebreaking bugs this game has. It gives Early Acess the perfect meaning of unfinished game, but somehow manages to make it even sound worse. The major bugs I have encounter mostly revolves around trying to build houses. More specifically customized buildings you try to build are very much broken and have been since the start of this game. Builders will continue to remove and build ladders to reach higher areas of the buidling, and be in an infinite loops doing this. Sometimes they will continue doing this until the building is destroyed or if you somehow make the AI build other buildings instead. Also you cannot destroy certain buildings, it doesn't even explain why it cannot be destroyed. It could also be because the way customizing your own building could be broken as hell.One of the most essential mechanic of this game is broken and that's where I draw the line. A game that focus primarily on creating buildings is broken. Instead of the developers trying to fix this, they release more updates on combat and focusing so much into that. It is quite sad actually, made me not want to play this game for a while. I even contacted the developers about this bug, and they know it exists, they just dont want to do anything about it for now. Many other players also complain about this same exact bug. The only answer they gave me is to use console and to type in commands to instant build and instant destroy. Using a game's console to play a game, to even enjoy it is quite appalling to even hear, but that is the ONLY way to play this game without ripping your hair out of your head.I've had a few problems with combat, but it mostly had to do with the Battle music playing in an infinite loop. Other than that the combat is fine and I have no problem with that. Farming, Smithing, Crafting, Etc. are all fine as well No problems there. StoneHearth is a great idea, I really really really really want to say this game is a Great game. I wish, but this game is not great, this game sucks, this game is garbage. this game needs hate rather than love to show the developers they need to change and fix their game. I always look at this game every week to see if there is an update, JUST MAYBE SOMEDAY THIS GAME WILL WORK PERFECT.Don't buy this game until the bugs are fixed, don't even recommend or even mention this game to anyone. This game has the potential being the New way of playing city builders. The Next grounbreaking sim city game, it has that potential, THE DEVELOPERS NEED TO CAPITALIZE ON THIS GAME. I know this game has the potential to have a large following, just fix the game."
76561198011553969,Recommended,253250,29894929,Posted: 13 February,all,markbrad,"In essence a dumbed down Dwarf Fortress with goals. And, to be fair it does it very well. The progression system in which you have to level up your villagers in order to give them tier 2 jobs keeps you engaged, as does the ability to get goods from traders in order to complete quests.Certainly worth the money but buyer beware! It's early access and alpha. Game is reasonably stable but locking and memory leaks are common. Don't buy unless you're willing to accept these in this unfinished state.Some current bugs are very annoying. Building not getting finish even though you have all the construction elemnets, down in some case 1 single window. Also some quests rely on certain items which you have to buy and traders never have any (or in my case 3 sunflowers when you need 4. And in 15 hours of play no one turns up with the forth!).Overall it'll be a great game when it's out of alpha and patched up."
76561198070635737,Recommended,253250,24097539,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Retro050,"Insanely buggy but insanely fun. This game is mostly about building a gigantic city and surviving onslaught of increasingly difficult waves of ennemies.Sadly 90% (not even joking) of the custom buildings I design cannot be built by my hearthlings due to poor AI code, and combat commands are wonky.The rest of the game is still well fleshed out and you can work out the building problem above with the console.This game is going to be solid when it gets out of early access!"
76561198002734836,Recommended,253250,25876929,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,JoshuaJC,"Game really draws you in.  I bought this game very early on, and I enjoyed it but many problems.  Now much of these problems are fixed, the game goes much faster, and it has a good story forming.  Very enjoyable."
76561198141582294,Recommended,253250,20808986,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Thomas,This game still has tons of bugs and lags when you have a lot of people. However if you like city builder games this is for you on the other hand i do not agree on the price due to the fact it is still early access and it is not worth 18.99 however i think 12.00 would be better.
,Recommended,253250,26298188,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Macrobyte,"Altough this game is still in its alpha fase, it has a pretty cool gameplay and it is really fun.Now, as all games still under development it still needs some improvements, but it's on a wonderful track to become an awesome game."
76561198105101222,Not Recommended,253250,23751284,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,iSagan,"Too many bugs to play a file reliably. You build a pathway, some times it bugs out and can't be removed. You try and build under ground to reach the tunnels/dungeons, the camera can't turn the proper angle to create proper tunnels. Constant bug notifications pop up on your screen, some times crashing the file itself. Buildings still don't function properly. The soilders bug out in the middle of the fights if they try to haul. If your civilians all have 'mine' set on, they'll get stuck in a hole forever. Miners can't reach directly above their heads, causing them to get stuck forever if you don't click in a methodical order. If you don't do clean mining strips then you'll have messy blocks sticking/floating out and there's no way to fix it. Sometimes you civilians stop building, mining or doing a task with no reason.The most annoying thing by far is that these games always fall for the same issue because the developers balance this game by being ""arm chair scientists"" rather than playing their game legitimately (without cheats/commands). This is a problem in every single game like this I've played, whether it's Banished or anything else I've unistalled. This problem amplfies the longer you have a file, and the more you develop a file. Your units need to eat, and sometimes while they're half way in to completing a task or walking to location. The result is an endless loop of them trying to complete/reach the location before ending up getting hungry and cancelling it to walk back to the designated 'eat spot'. This is a completely fatal issue, there's no way to combat this until the developers add in proper inventories so your peoples can hold some food in their bags. Assuming you manage to dodge the bug fest and end up creating a big town, the civs will get hungry just by travelling from one side of the town, let alone exploring tunnels or hunting mobs on the map.Stoneheart is the only game from this genre that I enjoy and look foward to seeing developed. It's zelda-like elements and potential make it endlessly replayable once the content rolls in. However once the developers start ACTUALLY playing their game and realise their are some fatal bugs/issues like the 'Food Loop' they completely give up and open up the mod workshops *cough* Banished *cough*. So lets hope it doesn't go down like that. However, this game is pure Alpha, or even closer to Beta. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,253250,29897842,Posted: 13 February,all,Spacyskeleton95,"I LOVE THIS GAME ITS ENJOYABLE AND I LOVE SPENDING HOLIDAYS ADDICTED TO IT! also a few ideas for a new update i suggest adding a PRIORITY feature where you can choose what things need to be done firstusing a tab next to the move and undeploy menu but for non placed objects and non finished jobsfor example you want them to mine but they are collecting items you could set the priority scale up for the mining and they would stop what their doing and mine i think it would be a good ideaanother good idea is improving water physics and adding multiplayer with friends and online modein the update for water it would add  an upgrade for the weaver allowing them to make sails and later upgrade to a traderthis could allow you to trade with friends townsthe carpenter would make a boat and then he sails can be appliedtheir would also be cannons for the ship to defend itself from water based enemys such as sea monsters , vikings and piratestheir would be nautical based clothing for the trader made by weavers and they will have cutlasses and flintlocks made by the blacksmith(cutlass) and engineer ( flitlocks (require gunpowder that will be dropped from pirate ships))the traders work by giving them items to trade and you can set the price ( with max and minimum prices) and when set off they can trade to players in online mode (singleplayer but allows you to access trading with online players) it will show the name of who is selling and you must be online and active to buy things when your traders are out,then you set the destination ( pick random player or online friends who are playing the game)set the trader off and soon they will return ( a day or 2) with money and other itemsif attacked by enemys or online players pirates if the fail to defend (sink enemy ship) they will loose 70 percent of items and  have a 50 percent chance to loose hearthlingsthe surviving hearthlings (on low health) and a few items will arive back in a row boat and will be hungry.players pirates work by sending them off, you will get alerts telling you that there is a boat if you choose to attack it you can steal some of their stuff once done you can retrieve the items for money (depending on the value of the stuff)i hope you consider my ideas and impliment them into the game!"
76561198324216314,Recommended,253250,29516947,Posted: 27 January,all,dyl3rturd3n,"A little slow, but otherwise very fun and pleasant."
,Recommended,253250,23379158,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,BlackPheonix256,This game is amazing but a few bugs for instance my houses are often left unfinished but overall an amazing game
76561198018403499,Recommended,253250,33913432,Posted: 30 July,all,SRCisMe,"Stonehearth is an excellent base for a more involved game that may someday spring forth from the seed it plants.I have owned this game on steam for some time and off and on come back to try various updates.The core of the game is solid, construction needs a lot of work but the developers are already revamping that.I tenatively recommend the game because even as it exists in an incomplete format it makes for an enjoyable game in its own right at this time. It feems somewhat like playing with digital legos.The game just doesn't go anywhere at this point, it is fun to manage a growing town but the games layout and intent is clearly to be something a bit more and that always scratcches at the back of my brain while I play.The hardest part is being patient and hoping that the game will some day reach a version of its full potential."
76561198218136252,Recommended,253250,26170219,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Imperius [USMC],I love this game. I love what is happening with it. I sincerely hope that the devs don't follow in the steps of other devs and just trash it or forget about it.Please keep the updates coming.
,Recommended,253250,28954508,Posted: 2 January,all,Im DawDaw CS.Money,"It's a really good game for this stage, i wish for more jobs for hearthlings but i guess that will come once it gets to beta and then full release. I bought it on sale and it was totally worth it."
76561198170219758,Recommended,253250,34911919,Posted: 12 September,all,robcl1983,Very cool city builder. Found out about this game on Splattercat's youtube. Custom building is a cool feature and it is pretty addictive. Raid mechanics keep it interesting.
,Recommended,253250,31063735,Posted: 10 April,all,ElectroBro,this game is fun and is very calming in peacefull mode. the art style is basic but its all that is needed it can be a bit confusing but otherwise it is really fun.
,Recommended,253250,16640572,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Supreme Leader,This game has definatly become one of my favorites. building up you towns to drive out goblin invaders is a blast.The game is slightly buggy but nothing game breaking as long as you save once every few minutes you should be fine.
76561198032048689,Recommended,253250,23051928,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Archenemis,"I actually wrote this, hoping to try and get some sort of suggestion out.. The game itself.. Is pretty nice, however.. You've got to admit that it has loads of flaws in it.. And one of them starts to shine through best when you try and play in hard mode. Makes it (almost) impossible to get off to a good start in that game mode, and will really start to have you wondering exactly how stupid your hearthlings are...Anyways.. the game needs some sort of way to prioritze things.. No.. I'm not meaning the little switches that say ""This person should do farm, while this person builds."" I'm meaning ""Hey you stupid piece of meat, go pick up that herb. RIGHT NOW so that I can make an Herbalist or a potion."" Without a way to give some sort of priority to what your hearthlings will gather.. Those who like to setup their villages to have a lot to do, won't usually have very much fun in hard mode.. If you try to plan too far ahead, the game will punish you greatly. As there doesn't seem to be a way to instruct your hearthlings to even drop all of their current queued projects.. And that is probably the most simple way to fix the issue.. It would suck to have to command your hearthlings to get back at it.. But It's better than having all of your starting hearthlings die, because you instructed them to build a house and they don't want to stop building that house to go get a herb until they're dead...For crying out loud.. I told them to go gather some wild herbs, and had a farmer working on growing some herbs, and he ALMOST finished growing the herbs by the time my gatherers brought the herb into town... But to my surprise, they STILL WOULDN'T GATHER IT!Either the AI need improved to recognize that a lack of items is bad, and make it so that getting items that are currently set at 0 is more important than carrying back the wood that you have 500 of or there needs to be a way to prioritize certain tasks.. Like by holding shift and telling them to gather this item.. They know that is more important to do than anything else.. Or even a way to over-ride it and say ""This needs to be done first."" Alternatively.. Like I said.. a way to tell your hearthlings to stop EVERYTHING. could work as well.Maybe some of this is already in the game and I'm just not seeing it.. But before a hard mode can really be explored too much, little simple things like this really need to be fixed.. Even if there is a way to clear all commands.. A priority system would go leagues and bounds beyond it.. and make the game feel more professional as well."
76561198036189681,Recommended,253250,16226431,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rufus Demetri,"This game is amazing. I usually don't spend a lot of time on town managment games, but I was surprised at how addictive this game is. the vox style really gives the game some charm, every charecter is important in some way or form, and it's really noticable. doing simple things like building doors or making improvments to buildings feels really accomplishing, and the game, even in it's dull moments, still keeps my eye.the onyl cons are: it runs on lua script, so once things start to get hectic, expect the game too go through some hiccups. there are a lot of bugs (early access, duh.) so don't expect the best user stability ever. the game also doesn't hold your hand, so you may have to go through some guides or figure out how things work on your own.this game has a lot of promise, and I would love to see it's full form."
,Recommended,253250,18006266,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,💣ALLAHU AKBAR™💣,Stonehearth is a fun micromanage city building game. While you are trying to grow there are raiders that while gradually grow in size. I have only been playing for a small amount of time but to me the game is extremelly entiretaning. I have only had a few problems with the game likeAfter being raided i could not pick up the wood or other items that they had picked up after i had killed themAfter mining for a while for some reason i could not gather any of the ore that i mined so now i just have a giant pile of iron ore that i can not even touch.There are some more problems but none are coming to my head. I do recomend to anybody who likes micrmanage city building game
76561197990697473,Recommended,253250,20796726,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Demanocus,"Well, great game in theory. In reality not so much at this time, as an example, promote a warrior, promote two more warriors, one forgets he is a warrior, starts staying ""safe"" in the village while the other two run out and fight. Overall, yes it is alpha, the game/sim seems to have no real purpose. Merchants sell things that really have little use. Mobs are easy to dispatch provided you can get the warriors interested.Skills are ""okay"". Altogether, great idea, poorly executed (atm), slightly boring after 10+ hours of play, seriously boring past 30+ hours of play. replay ability...mmm not sure it is there yet.Needs challenging mobs, more itemization of loot, more pretty much everything. Perhaps at some point they will introduce it. For now, it is not there. If you want to test and play knowing the game is far from finished after months of development, go for it. Honestly for this specific genere, not alot of choices out there at the moment."
76561197973339644,Recommended,253250,20863627,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,decker_,I've been enjoying this game imensily.  Looking forward to the full release (few bugs annoy me... but its E.Access so all good).
76561198046863401,Recommended,253250,16860219,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,killerdwarf88,"So Far I Love this Game. Dont Listen to others saying steep price for little content i dissagree completly anyone remember TITAN FALL, paid 60 for it and played the beta was hyped for it thinking great beta didnt realize that was the actual full game. Anyway this game is well done and being updated at a steady pace. For those who say it crashes there computer i dont know what they are running but mine is a amd build old build Phenom 955 3.2 Quad with a Nvidia GTX 560 ti 2gb DDR5 and 16gb DDR3 at 800mhz none of my build is overclocked and it runs the game on perfect settings. Yes bugs appear as you can see with any alpha game has not crashed yet though. I stream this game to Twitch and Put the Videos on Youtube so while streaming and uploading if it has not crashed my game yet then i say good work to them better than most triple AAA titles anymore. For a ALPHA GAME its fun and well worth the investment. Pick it up and Support the 3rd party DEVS that put their heart and soles into these titles."
,Recommended,253250,16709219,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lordarticus,"First off let me say this: I DO recommend this game, because it's proof of consept is so grand, and it promises everything I have always wanted in a base-building game. That being said the price of $25 is a little steep for a game that is barely playable. I have put about 20 hours into it off steam, and will surely put more.If you are  reading this i am sure you understand the game is in ALPHA and is pretty buggy, however the devs are great at talking to their community and are squashing bugs constantly,There are several Game breaking bugs within the main mechanics that make it unplayable.The building UI is a great idea, however the coding isn't right on it yet, Walls not being build, crashing when creating a big building, hearthlings not building a roof for your house for virtualy no reason. there are ways to make buildings with multiple walls, but most of them are tedious, requiring manual wall building, planning and erasing to get the building to work right, that is if you game doesnt crash on wall building or just make it so that you can not plan buildings anymore without save scumming.Other than the bugs, there are features that are not present (some that they plan to add) that i belive are needed to round out the game and make it playable. I will list them here in hopes of Dev eyes and to establish discorse :D-Stairs (they have already said its on its way, but without them it is hard to make multiple floors, ladders are visualy unappealing and dont support multiple hearthling travel)-Manual Job Prioities (I wish that hauling wasn't a top prioities unless i set it as such)-Underground Walls and rooms (Though possible, it is tedious, anothering on their to-do list)-Better Mining Interface (Wish i could change all three tunnle dimentions)Those are some basic things that i am sure they will add, but without them currently it makes this more of a proof of concept than a game. Here is a list of some otherthings that i belive will make up for the lack of depth-Hearthling Personalities (Other than 3 stats, there is nothing that seperates one hearthling from another, making the game a bit shallow)-Diffrent Starting Zones/Biomes/Varity (These are already on the To-Do list, right now there is almost no varity in starting zones.)Really i had intentions for making this a long review and listing out everything i want to happen in this game in hopes of others seeing it and influencing the game, however it is just to soon to tell, they have so many good things planned for this including Multiplayer i only wish i didnt hear about this until it came out of early access, i yearn to play it everyday in its complete state.So should you buy it? Yes.... Support these great devs."
76561198059888740,Recommended,253250,17013137,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Artorius,Thought I would buy this game and play it for 2 hours get bored a refund but instead i played it got hooked on it and cant stop playing it. Right now this game is like a 7/10 because yiou can play it for like 6 hours on one city before it gets boring  but in the future they are working on mulitiplayer and loads of other content so later i think it will be 10/10 no questions asked. But my advise would be buy it now so when more updates come out potentially increasing price you already have the game and dont need to pay more.This is an Idea of what they are working on:http://stonehearth.net/roadmap/And this is the community suggestion page THAT THEY ACTUALY LISTEN TO unlike other games:https://trello.com/b/4XvM0SUd/stonehearth-community-roadmap
76561198009421981,Recommended,253250,20797990,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,pathogen71,"Oooooookay!!! Here is my review, I'm very torn over this game and its for this reason. BUGS. The game isn't ""broken"", even in pre-alpha. It is a very playable and fun game IF you can make it long enough without a UI or engine crash, Bear with me as this is kind of long, but very worth the read if you want an HONEST review of the product youre buyingPros:*SUPER FUN- Ive played many RPG's, RTS's, etc. but this game is one of the most mind numbingly addicting games I have ever played.*Complete Sandbox- Like Minecraft, but better.*Ranking Systems- Hearthlings rank up in their profession, giving them cool perks.*Versatility- Plotting out farmland, building houses around designated land, etc. You build YOUR town how YOU want. To a point at this stage in the game.*GEAR- I love love love the armor and weapon progression for your soldiers*Custom building- You arent stuck to templates, although they are provided.Cons:*BUGGY AF- Remember, it's still in alpha. However, nothing is more frustrating than getting so far into a game then recieving a pop-up ""UI Crash"" report. Seems to happen every hour. Villagers glitch into walls, they wander off miles just to collect random sh*t on the ground, usually dying in the process. They sit and DIE when being attacked. Guards don't wake up from sleep to respond to threats.... this is a big deal when invaders come at NIGHT only and all of your guards are sleeping. Needless to say, the bugs make the game frustrating as hell at times. Once, my entire village got stuck in defense mode, starving to death looking out for enemies that weren't there.*LACK OF EDITING- after or during building process. This is probably the single handedly most frustrating aspect of this game. If you design a massive, beautiful building, spend the time and resources to build it, then realize you fuzzed up, youre SOL. You have to tear down adn rebuild the entire thing, which can take the better half of an hour.*Villagers forget/refuse to do assignments. Sometimes it is simply because they have a long checklist before they get to that particular assignment. However, many times, they will just stop building walls, digging caves, or collecting resources. And no matter how many times you remind them, they will sit there and do nothing instead.*Mining is sloppy. There is no realistic ability to build UP inside caverns, you have to always dig down.... which is annoying to say the least.*Lack of defensive features...This broke my heart. Sure you can build a mkaeshift stone wall. Sure you can build a really tall building and call it a guard tower, but in a game where you are attacked by zombies and skeletons every night, this game NEEDS operational wartime structures. Maybe a tower your guards actually post themselves in, or a palisade where an archer <--also much needed--> can be stationed. Especially when you go to war with the goblin chieftans, they attack, steal, and raid you every chance they get. It would be nice to see more organized troop and defense structures, as well as a more convienent way to get up to different floors of buildings.Overall, I still think this game is amazing. Please don't be turned off from my review. I refuse to sugar coat it for you. The price tag is too high to lie to you. HOWEVER, I stand by my opinion that this game is beautiful, the soundtrack is wonderful and overall this piece has some fantastic potential. I will continue to play this game, and I STRONGLY urge you to support the development of this game and buy it. The devs care, releasing updates and bug fixes periodically, Buggy? yes. Lacking? Barely, but yes. But its still in alpha!  My rating comes to an 8/10 in its current state! I think this can and will quickly be a game to watch though, as long as the community continues to support it."
76561198077170092,Recommended,253250,20819045,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,leeto89,"A very engaging city building title, Stonehearth offers many hours of fun. Being an early access title does mean that there will be issues, don't buy the game if this is a problem for you. If your are interested, but unsure just follow its development. That said the game is very fun. From my very first play through I played for 15 hours because I was so captivated by this game, bugs and all. The development team has done a very good job of weeding out said bugs. After my initial play, I too set the game aside with the intentions of returning once more progress was made with performance and gameplay. Well the devs came through! Many of the frustrating bugs I was dealing with have been fixed and on top of this many optimizations and features added. I am playing the current unstable branch (Alpah 14) at the time of writing this review. Irregardless, I was very happy to see that the team behind the game is very active unlike other titles I have bought.The game is very simple: manage and provide for your hearthlings and watch them and the villiage grow. This simplicity is nice, but there is more depth to be found if you just look. Town building is very fun and very customizable. There is a set pallete of default building schematics at the start, but with a little imagination and creativity there is much you can do with the tool to design your own buildings. Also modding is being actively encouraged for the game by the devs.Many of the negatives in some of the reviews have been addressed, atleast in the ""unstable branch,"" though that is not to stay new ones won't pop up. Again this is early access and with that in mind buyer beware. If you choose to buy this product look into it before doing so. In my short time so far with the game I have been impressed with the pace of development and the game itself. The forums for the game are active and the devs stream weekly on twitch, just check out their site.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase and look forward to he future of the game because it does look very bright. If you're on the fence, do your research, watch lets plays and see if this is really something for you. If you enjoy city building this game is very fun and relaxing, just give yourself time to get acquainted."
,Recommended,253250,16870325,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,nexionly,"Awesome game, love the way the people just do what they're supposed to, no micro-managemnet here. Just good city-building, resource-collecting fun!"
,Not Recommended,253250,16452732,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Currently Dying in a Warp Storm,An awesome game but I feel it can be frustrating for people who have just bought it as it has its fair share of crashes but nothing (for me at least) that cannot be resolved by the devs' fixes found in the forums. I love the customization aspect of it which I feel games like Folk Tales were really lacking. It has a slight lack of features but pay this no mind to this as the game is in early access. Now on to the reviewShort ReviewPretty run of the mill soundtrack/sound effects 7/10Graphics are in a plain yet charming style 8.5/10Gameplay lacks in features but considering its early acces state a 9/10Overall 8.5/10[EDIT]Do NOT buy this game if you have an AMD PC just look at the forums and all the people that are having problems right now (I am having this problem myself) I repeat DO NOT BUY IT UNTIL THEY FIX  THESE CRASHES (I absolutely love the game but it's really f***ing annoying)
,Not Recommended,253250,17147545,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,DangerousDD,"As of right now, the game is still unplayable and consists of lots of bug. I will not recommened this game because of that reason. It is a good game and if I just bought it to help it's progress and support it. This game might just need another kickstarter IMO.I really would like to see this game prosper. I could really use a lay back casual game"
,Recommended,253250,28927490,Posted: 1 January,all,Sedrick,"It takes a little time to get a feel of what you need to do but after that Ive been having such a blast building and crafting trying to make the next days goal.  You are the overseer giving your Hearthlings orders, you dont control any of them directly.  I can not wait to see what they add to this already amazing game."
,Recommended,253250,33789967,Posted: 25 July,all,TheMightySkwiz,"Put a good amount of time into this game, I'll keep this short and sweet.This game is relaxing, this is my after work game that I play when I don't want to fight mutants or wage wars, but just build things and watch.If you like City Builders you'll love this."
76561198140970199,Recommended,253250,21008275,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Blackpanther140,Best most fun town game ever!!
,Recommended,253250,20958911,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Pvt. Jackson [2RB],"I think this game is very deserving of a review, and heres why...IT'S FUN!Plain and simple thats all you need to know. Its fun. This game is amazing. I love the mechanics, the music (Oh lawdy the music) and now there are TWO people to play from which provides a wonderful challange to the game. This game a come a long way from when i first started playing it.My only gripes are the combat system. Peasants are suicidal. They run head first screaming ""MY LIFE FOR AIUR"" and then get ♥♥♥♥♥slapped by a skeleton. Aside from that, buy this game if you loved Warcraft and Minecraft, because thats what it is!"
,Recommended,253250,17256212,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Chaosta,"Absolutely amazing game. Even on my crappy old computer, runs smooth. My new favorite PC game.:))))"
76561198033058437,Recommended,253250,20355250,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Mikee,"Long way to go, but even if i looked at this game in its current state, only consider all the bugs that it has polished, i would give it thumbs up. So since there are regular updates and fixes i have no reason not to recommend this game.Not all is great but i believe that it will be polished on the way.Digging up and down is badly done, needs re-thinking. The whole way how to look thru the ground in various heights is pretty badly made making it very difficult sometimes to see what you need to see when you ve been digging quite a bit.There is no way how to place dirt blocks back, they make no drop, no resource, so if you accidentally dig away something, you can only ""build"" a piece of stone back, but in x-ray view you will always see it there. There is no way how to make the your folk stop picking certain stuff up. So if your warrior dies in a gnome camp, your minions will keep running there to pick up the sword after the dead body, dying one by one. Sometimes they appear to die for no reason just like that, since the game doesnt tell you what happened you are just left wondering. I only played two games but there seems to be some sort of randomisation in various jobs position in the job tree, sometimes its the potter that is below the mason in the tree and sometimes its viceversa, this left me quite confused. The building system as a whole is a bit strange, i managed to design my stone tower, placed it on the ground and ordered start of construction, but nobody did anything and i didnt know why. There isnt enough of information about things, sorta ingame wiki. What does affect the sattisfaction of shelter? Food? Which food is the most sattisfactory?Optimization is another issue which surprised me. When you town is population 15+ the game will start somewhat lagging. Sometimes re-loading the game helps, sometimes it just stops on its own, its weird. But on my high-end PC its defo not a HW issue.There is a whole lot of things id like to see improved and i have no doubt that they will get improved. It already is very pleasant to play, has nice music, nice graphics, nice gameplay. Its very similar to game called Gnomoria, only with nicer graphics and heading in a little bit differend direction, direction that i like more."
,Recommended,253250,20288106,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The_Bloody_Killer,I am addicted to this game. it's just awesome!
76561198160898651,Recommended,253250,33957594,Posted: 1 August,all,MushyShroo,"This game is the definition of amazing.To be honest, at first glance, it seems like an average rip-off of an 8-bit Civilization. But I assure you, it's not.Starting off, the selection of biomes is sweet, as it makes the gameplay alot more open and interesting. Not only that, you can choose the selection of character types- which is also cool.Then, you proceed to make your little village, along the way you can assign someone to play a certain role.This concept is very cool, as you can do many different things with it, like for instance: Make a guard tower using the ""Free Build"" selection when construing, and station your soldiers there.Sometimes the controls can get confusing, but overall its not that hard to understand, as eveything takes some practice.The battles and exploration are very nice as well. Lets say that there is a goblen hut nearby, I could triumpantly march over there and claim whats mine. That'll teach 'em for killing my farmer.As you advance it gets REALLY good. Unlike most games, the part where you get ""Overpowered"" is just the beginning. All of that hard work, will certainly pay off. Your wonderous kingdom will shine under the sun- shaped like a square. Also, it is interesting when facing the endevours of dealing with day-to-day things that keep you busy.This game is all and all an awesome adventure to partake in, even when you ""Beat"" a playthrough, you can simply start a new world, with new people, and new biomes.The exhilarating possibilities truly never end."
,Recommended,253250,16249096,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Seldanas怖い黒人,"For those that enjoy semi-retro graphics and likes to support independent developers, this gameis 100% for you, it is inspired from masterworks such as Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft and adds toboth of them through smooth and enjoyable gameplay."
,Recommended,253250,24446855,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mr. Mangix,"The short: A fun, cute, and refreshing civilization builder in the essence of its age-old predecessor: Dwarf Fortress.The long: As a avid fan of civilization sims and a old school fan of Dwarf Fortress 2, I bought Stonehearth on a hunch that it might be a aptly port to the 3D plane. In return, I was award with a different experience all together. Normally, I am a hard skeptic when it comes to Early Access titles and new wave Indie games. I am proud to say that this is a, currently, diamond in the rough.One of the first things I found with this game is the adorable graphics and artwork, which really appeal to its style. Everything looks nice and has a charming nature, even in the enemy designs. Gameplay-wise, Stonehearth serves really well as a civilization sim. Everything seems to mesh well together and controls are extremely easy to use. While earlier I ran into problems with the building controls, the recent alpha stage has fixed most of these problems and makes building and designing an awesome experience. Progression is very straightforward and aptly spaced parallel to your own speed. Combat, while simplistic, is easy to follow and pushes you to focus your troops into more diverse roles as your settlement grows. All in all, a very entertaining experience that makes me hopeful for a quality game the more it develops.While the current stage has not as much content as some would hope for, the team working on this has been effective at maintaining an open discussion with its playerbase. They have also been very well timed in releasing updates on development as well as new alpha builds, which is something I hope to see with any Early Access game. As with games of this nature, the time old expression of ""What do I do?"" comes to mind for those who aren't well versed with games such as Dwarf Fortress or Gnomoria. However, the game is very easy to follow and figuring out your way is not as hard as such games mentioned.Basically, if you enjoy games in the nature of Dwarf Fortress, but aren't ready for the complexity of such a title, Stonehearth is the game to play. Adorable, addictive, and a fresh take on civilization sim."
,Recommended,253250,24346099,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Fadoni,"I have been following Stonehearth since Alpha 10 and after 17 hours of game I feel confortable enough to share my opinion with you guys. I'm going to do a list of Pro and Con, I hope you enjoy it.Ps:. Remember this game is in ALPHA stage so I can't avaliate everything, because it is constantly changing.Pros:- Game is constantly updated (weekly);- You can follow the game's development in Stonehearth's Website, Twitch Tv or in their Youtube Channel;- The team is always helpful and you can contact them in their own Forum or in Steam's Forum;- The game has an original cube style which is kind of criative and cool;- Stonehearth is pretty complete for an Alpha version;- The game has gorgeous graphics for an Alpha state;- The animations are pretty good;- We have nice bosses and monsters;- Building mechanics are good and you can basically create everything you want;- You have a lot of crafting options ( Carpenter, Blacksmith, Herbalist....etc). Therefore you need to update them;- The furniture of the game is just amazing;- You have three different difficult modes (Peaceful, Normal, Hardcore);- The game is always challenging although you play in normal mode; < Disregarding the Peaceful mode.- Hardcore mode is really amazing and challenging; < ( my favorite part )- You have a nice story although it's kind of silly;- The combat in the game is really nice. You have 4 different classes in combat ( Tank, Ranger, Cleric, DPS );- You have 2 biomes to play ( Desert, Florest ) and they are creating more + season system;- You have at now 2 different ""races"" to play;- The game's community is active.Con:- The game still having some bugs(Buildings/Combat), but it's in Alpha stage. It will change with the time;- The music is nice, but after a while it feels monotonus. I hope they put more soundtracks soon;- The combat's system is really great, but their auto-attack make it harder to play. I hope it's just a question of time to their change it;- The ""races"" seems predetermined for each biome which is a pity. Maybe they can change that;- The citizens also delay a lot to build something;- By the way, the game is not really optimized which means more work for your hardware(>> RAM <<);- Water bugs <<< It's really annoying but I bet it will change with the time.It's everything that I could see about this game. The game is fantastic, I personaly love it. I would recomend it for almost everybody. But remember, this game is Alpha Stage which means that you will find bugs. I recommend this game for people that have patience and understand that this current stage is going to be improved slowly.Ps:. Before you buy this game give a look at their website and on their development map. So you can catch up what they are working in.My Opinion:The game have a great potential for turn the best sandbox construction game after Dwarf Fortress. I personally had a great time playing Stonehearth. Building your own castles, Keeps, collecting resorcess, constructing a solid economy and defending your town against strong Trolls and goblings is pretty nice and cool guys! I had played other games before Stonehearth such as Towns, Craft the World, Terraria, Timberstone and Dwarf Fortress. I can assure you guys that no game is like Stonehearth. No game mix RPG + RTS + SANDBOX so well as this game and this is because I love it!Ps:. Remember this review was wrote in Alpha 17. So, the game can be better or worse after some updates.Ps2:. The game is on development I can't review it completely for that."
,Recommended,253250,26483611,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Some Guy,Ive been playing this game for almost a year now ive seen lots of improvement and i like where the game is going.Keep it up !Its been another 9 months or so and I have continued to see constant Improvement wow I have high confidence this game will be a great hit when it is done
,Recommended,253250,31721016,Posted: 13 May,all,Red,"I really love this game. It's like banished, but this game has charm and doesn't want to kill you so much. It has combat but it's just relaxing to play. The music is very nice, dare even say beautifull. Only critisism I really have is the peformance. It takes a lot off work for my computer to play this (I don't have a gaming PC but I hear it from other reviews too.) and that kinda sucks. It's still in Alpha so it gets a pass. Other than the occassional bug it's one of the best games I played in a while.Only thing I would recommend to change is the building. It's controls are awkward and making a house can be hard."
76561198118658385,Recommended,253250,31985605,Posted: 26 May,all,phantom,pretty good with more coming for it try it out but it does get old this will likly be fixed further on buy if you want to suport and/or try it out or help with the games progress otherwise just wishlist it and check back everyhere and there till release high hopes :)
,Recommended,253250,16640973,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lowrater,"Stonehearth, is a stoned survival and exploration game in a epic fantasy world, where you settle a town of hearthlings while defending agens invaders.The games layout, animations and sounds are really great, specially the way we can build the houses and duplicate our buildings on the ground, for each pieace. We can design everything from: Window, floor, door, roof, flags, fire, beds, and more. On the path while playing the game, people will visit your town and you can sell / buy upgrades. The atmosphere of the game is really nice, and you getting hooked really quickly.Be aware! They need some fixes aswell. Please keep in mind that this is Early access, and it's not finished. Check out my and others suggestions here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/253250/discussions/0/594821545179359856/Don't be a fool and think it's not worth it because of the missing features or sometime crashes with 5.273 error messages.If you search a relaxing and interesting stone, exploration and survival game in a fantasy world with invaders either in creative or survival mode, then this game is for you.Here is some old gameplay footage from june:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvsldnDo158&index=1&list=PLxDx_O1l8oBtKptsAJew1pUOgkfYyOYh6"
,Recommended,253250,24374688,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Reno,"Named village 'MurikaBuilt a wall, and made the goblins pay for itMade 'Murika great again.10/10 would wall again"
,Recommended,253250,16433219,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Korg the Lesser,Great game and fun to playThe developers are actively updating so there's even more to look forward too!
76561198098109116,Recommended,253250,21087979,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,StudMcRushin,"Great game. I recommend this game to anyone who likes creative sandbox games and even the casual RTS gamer.Its alpha, so obviously there are bugs being worked out. None of the bugs are game breaking and most can be fixed by simply saving and reloading. They also make console commands available as a work around for some bugs.Its great for releasing your inner creativity. Think of building something in Minecraft or Terraria, except not having to place each individual piece yourself. You design the building in a design mode and when you are finished editing you hit the build button and then your people do all the work. This makes building larger more complex structures much less time consuming. There is a building template saving feature so that your creations can be saved for other games. If you make a massive structure simply save it and you can copy paste it to another world, all you need is the materials.The combat is fun as well, but can be turned off if you wish to play in the sandbox mode. Being able to assign units to gaurd (footmen) roles and creating/finding better gear for them to use. The game gets progressively harder to a point then seems to level out and nothing can defeat your footmen. But again its alpha and the combat was only just released so its basically there to be tested and tuned.Multiplayer has not been implemented yet but it is planned in the future and I believe that this game has some great potential at some fun multiplayer gameplay."
,Recommended,253250,16165428,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CptCuddleMuffin,"For playing it for only a short time at this point I find the game amazing, I love these types of games and this one has been made so good!! Fantastic Job :DI'm in love <3"
76561198080698498,Recommended,253250,16165497,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,StarxStone,"I spent a small amount of time playing Stonehearth and with a brief summary can say this game is the future Gnomoria. It does everything a simulation civilization survival game should do. It has a bit of leveling up, looser micromanaging, customizing buildings, unlockable classes, and a better feel of the open world. When your Hearthlings get hungry and you ask them to harvest berries, they don't starve themselves on a job and wait for another job class to go do it, they stop everything and grab some wild berries. I will say Gnomoria has a leg up in terms of making your own classes and uniforms but I'm sure as this game progresses it'll have the same options if not more that Gnomoria had to offer. The music isn't half bad and is soft however it does keep reminding me of the little mermaid...It is an EA and like all EA's theres errors but to have the game working on the day of steam release is a first +1 for its score, having a few options +1, having a save and load function +1, having most of the key features working in-game +1, having a balanced and playable gameplay +1, and finally I only encountered 2 bugs that have already been reported the headless bug and the red error box when making a custom house, neither were game breaking or that annoying due to being able to move the red box and the heads stay on if you zoom out. So for me a personal +1. I also want to wrap up by saying a huge HUGE THANK YOU to both the greenlight voters and the developers! The developers I thank you for stepping up to the plate WHEN YOU FELT READY, taking time to process your game and release it almost stable is a huge hat off to you (even though I don't wear hats).The price is a bit of a shock to those with lower paychecks and what with the economy the way it is don't be to embarrassed to wait. This game has great delivery, great promise, and a great dev team so far from what I can tell at least. I'll wrap this up by saying Steam needs more Indie dev teams like this who wait until the game is stable and has most of its key elements already in game."
76561198052463354,Recommended,253250,16689713,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Fëanor,"I sit here in my desk chair, 3am on a cold Scottish morn. Listening to the gentle hum of my PC as I watch my little hillside hamlet of Edoras expand, 4 houses, a public feasting building, a guard barracks, a blacksmith and a completly filled food storehouse. Every little hearther is happy, at peace and happy in life as we press further into the hillside, ever expanding, handing out food to passing merchants - we have plenty- in exchange for fancy chairs and rustic fire pits for the long houses. We gather to eat and jest, then sleep in simple beds with roaring fires to keep us warm.This is simple. Peaceful. This is Edoras.Ok, I'll be truthful, i was expecting a quick hour or so to get into it, set up farms, housing... basic stuff then just steam roll it for a half hour then refund it cause i wasn't enjoying it.But no, Stonehearth has this... charm to it that i just can't pinpoint. Maybe it's the building system - you have a few preset designs and the rest you can build using a fairly simple but effective system of drag selections and semi voxel based building -, maybe it's the constant strive to better your town and lure more hearthers (little voxelly pixelly villagers) into your town for workers.Maybe you just enjoy the sense of wonder of seeing your town flourish by your hand.Stonehearth is probably already worthy of a release, i don't even begrudge them £18.99 because the game is truly extremely fun.BUTOne problem is... The AI... the hearthers are a little... single minded, monkey see, monkey do sort of thing. Like place desings for a house... they start building. Good. Place designs for another hosue and a... idk, a storehouse, and sometimes theyll  all flock to build the storehouse and begin construction. So that house you placed first unless you reinstate the build order, will become last priority. Not bad as such, just a little... irritating seeing half built buildings (storehouse and blacksmith in my village) being used and slept in with no roof, half a wall missing, and no door.. :pPersonal peeve and i'm sure others will feel the same way..."
76561198192300979,Recommended,253250,16736336,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jamie_251,"Although this game is a bit buggy, it is still a lot of fun.... Just don't mine to much at once. Great game!"
,Recommended,253250,19745712,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Pegleg_McMuppet,I love how the game combined two game genre; Survival as well as an RTS. You gotta foresee ahead on how your Hearthlings will fare when certain scenarios arises. The game is somewhat glitchy but tolerable. You'd soon forget about it and eventually get hook with the pace of your village.
,Recommended,253250,20410446,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,saxtot,"Great time burner and the devs are really active and efficient, what more do you need?"
76561198303669409,Recommended,253250,29107739,Posted: 7 January,all,angrycyclops,This is a beautiful little game that is as addicting as Minecraft with as much potential. I look forward to its success.The graphics are by far its greatest charm but the RPG elements coupled with its RTS essence really make it unique.
76561198007901880,Recommended,253250,29039304,Posted: 5 January,all,SunGod,"For months I looked at this game on Steam and thought to myself, ""Hey, that looks kind of neat, seems kind of fun, and I think I'd like to try it sometime, but there's probably other stuff that I'd rather play first, so I'll just wishlist this and maybe get back to it when it goes on sale again someday.""Well, after maybe six months of that attitude, I finally broke down and bought Stonehearth. And played it. And played it. And still play it. And I love it. Now my attitude is more like, ""What in the heck was I thinking when I decided to wait so long? This game is cool!""If you like the 8-bit type them to games, and love the simplistic visual style of old '80s and early '90s games, then you will love this game. It might LOOK simple and basic, but it's actually a VERY engrossing game! But be warned: if you have a life and responsibilities, such as a job, children, spouse or friends, this game is going to start competing with their time. It's THAT fun.I love it. I shouldn't have waited. Would definitely get re-addicted again. Just one more block. Just one more block. Just one more block...9/10"
,Recommended,253250,29672731,Posted: 3 February,all,24spencer,"This is a very satisfying game with a rather cute artstyle that scratches all the itches that towns left me with.Essentially, you indirectly command a small village of settlers to build up a town, attract new residents, and defend your town from raids by wolves, zombies, goblins, kobolds, and all sorts of similarly nasty monsters.The game, unfortunately, can be quite straining on your computer when you have a lot of villagers, but since I've started playing, the game's performance and optimisation have both improved dramatically. When I started playing, the game would get completely bogged down at around 20 villagers and they would stand around doing nothing until they starved, now I can have 30 villagers comfortably and the game only gets a little clogged after playing for several (8+) hours with that number of villagers.The developers are also very communicative and active and chat with the community regularly to take suggestions and feedback. If you enjoy citybuilding and sandboxy games then I really can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,253250,16537565,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,J102y,"Aslong as the Devs keep updating it and don't leave it for the great Early Access Graveyard, Stonehearth has ALOT of Potential, and hope to see it progress.Pros:--  Its a nice game visually, Despite being voxel.-  You can make your own buildings (needs more options than just Wood and Stone though, like making the floor out of linen and having it any colour you want)- Plenty to keep you entertained for a good amount of hours in its current state- I'll say it again, this game has so much potential in the long run.- Like Banished, another great title, but more forgiving, and no teen pregnancy.Cons:-- Occasionally, the Hearthlings can be moronic- Combat is a little lacking, Most of the time 1 Footman equipped with a Boneclub can scare away a group of 4 Goblins- No way to remove ghost furniture when dumb Hearthlings don't Place the item thereOverall I've really enjoyed what Stoneheart has to offer so far, and hope the Devs keep working on such a fun little title, I hope to see the Magma Smith and Geomancer and Bunny-Human pictures from the Loading screens ingame one day."
,Recommended,253250,16820669,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Bill^s,"Amazing game, already spent 30 hours playing and Ive only had it for three days. Developers are smart with their updates and make sure the players are happy before they make a move."
,Recommended,253250,16878184,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,itsBINXbro,"I have a few things to say about this game. It has become one of my favorite pc games ever. No joke. It has unique gameplay and a very nice plot. It even has story progression for once you get to about the second in-game month, goblin camps start appearing. The game itself looks very well made and polished but even for this game, it has got PLENTY of cons.First off it is highly buggy and mainly when designing or building a house. Sometimes building the second story wall makes it two layer and overlap leaving it unable to undo or do anything otherwise without restarting the game. The AI could also use incredible amounts of work. They don't build under bridges of any kind and they need to be specifically ordered to do so or they will never get anything done. There is a feature that needs to be added single-handedly and that is making it to where the AI always run back to headquarters. Everytime there are mobs coming out and chasing after my Hearthlings, do they go towards the footmen who could kick some goblin♥♥♥♥♥ Nope. They run out to the woods to dig their own harty graves. That's not all for I have had to start my game over far to many times due to the poorly-made engine failing from doing simple tasks.But the reason why you see this thumbs up on this review is that this game overall has massive potential. And since I adore early-access games so much, I have gotten used to these bugs. But, then again, when the developers ditch the game to run off with the thousands and millions they make, then it is a big thumbs down for me. But greatly enough, they are still updating it. Maybe a bit slow at times, but they are still producing the game towards better recreational fun. I do reccomend this game and it is worth every penny you buy it for."
,Not Recommended,253250,17617261,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Yuki,"I do recommend this game for those who like fort/citybuilding games. The building mechanics are very creative, and the AI is very good, you never control a villager and they follow your orders pretty well.Yet I have to say I don't recommend playing it at this stage. In only a couple hours the game gets unplayable; the villagers freeze, lag a lot and get stuck and then many engine errors occur.It's a very promising game and I really like it, but I couldn't play it for a long time before it breaks. Considering this, the price is quite high for the current development stage."
,Not Recommended,253250,17716412,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ShakeZoulah,"I want to play this game but have spent more time trying to get it to run correctly than actually watching it crash on me.I would verify that your drivers are up to date, that you have above minimum requirements, and that your computer is malware free. After this point I've read on the forums it is a possibility that is a gamble for x64 users and AMD users since we happen to be the ones getting most of the issues.The game runs for me for about 5 minutes and then It freezes. Not during the same actions or anything either.I also tried reinstalling and running on x32 with no luck.I'll wait until the next update to reinstall and try this game out... hopefully."
76561198031345165,Recommended,253250,24095158,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Microbe,Dwarf Fortress meets good graphics.Easily in my top 10 games ever.Can't wait for it to finish!
76561198072600492,Recommended,253250,24055985,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Sal_T,really fun and addictive game to play. still in early access but making great progress!
76561198056618847,Recommended,253250,23798983,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,samlog,"i love this game it is amazing, it runs smoothly, the way u can make a city of your own design makes it one of the best town building games on steam. Theres only a couple of things that could be added to make it perfect- make it moddable and have a mod workshop to get custom mobs and items- and secondly make it multiplayer because i think it would be awesome to be able to play with friends and either have wars with them or make huge cities- and bigger worlds cause they seem a bit too smallBut still this is a great game and i recommend getting it"
76561198163186154,Recommended,253250,23882016,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kellergees,"I really recommand this game as it is full of elements that I really like. Every map in this game is different and can be chose randomly; I can design and build any buildings in any style; Interesting and various occupation transfers.BUT! There are a number of bugs need to be fixed. Most of the bugs don't effect the performance and don't end up game-crash they are simply annoying...In general, Stonehearth is a good game and have a great space to improve (especilly needs to FIX THOSE BUGS!)9/10"
,Recommended,253250,28953521,Posted: 2 January,all,Artex,"A pleasant mix between minecraft, Trove and stardew valley. I cannot wait to see where the dev leads. An absolute treasure for city building/management/rpg genre."
,Recommended,253250,24103443,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fletchr,"Bought this game expecting to return at the 2 hour mark, that was 8 hours ago.The game was slow at first but after a bit of research I caught on to the mechanics fairly quickly and build a nice little town with a booming amount of resources. The ability to create your own buildings and really design your city is much different than many other city builders.TLDR: Easy, Simple  yet very intuitive city builder that keeps you busy!"
,Recommended,253250,34308655,Posted: 17 August,all,ubQueenWarrior4,"I do enjoy this game a lot! The one part I really have an issue with is always filling up the inventory because built houses are still considered to be in the inventory which I don't think it should be if your going off of how other games use the inventory. I personally play on easy with no attackers because I'm someone who enjoys the design element and finding things in the game, but overall the game has worked great for me, I do have a custom built computer that I built myself and my computer can run it no problem. Like I said my only issue is how the inventory is calculated which I think should be changed on whether the item is in use or not! But that's just my opinion."
76561198048227661,Recommended,253250,21008438,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sid,"Fun game to pass the time, pretty simple but enjoyable. For EA game this has ton of potential it already feels like full game with a few things lacking far as content, has a similar feel of prison architect but ever so slightly. For the price tag it's worth it and since it's not done I hope they'll give it some much needed filler. :)"
76561198031353211,Recommended,253250,30573232,Posted: 17 March,all,maythorne,"I bought Stonehearth a good while back and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Took a break for several months.  The updates are excellent.  It's more challenging on hard mode, with lots of additional content.  Highly recommended."
76561198012821328,Recommended,253250,21239476,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Unfettered,"Only five hours in but I'm having a TON of fun, and it's only in alpha.THE QUICK VERSION: Do you like Gnomoria (or Dwarf Fortress)? Do you like Minecraft? If you answered ""yes"" to either of these, you'll most likely enjoy this game. If you answered ""yes"" to both, you'll DEFINITELY enjoy this game.THINGS TO LIKE:+ The building system is the most robust of any citybuilder I've seen to date. You not only get to lay out buildings for your Hearthlings to construct (very intuitively, in my experience!) but you get to place furniture within and without at your whim. There's already a great deal of different types of furniture and decor your Hearthings can craft.+ The music is excellent. It's rich and well composed, and it gives the game a very quaint feel.+ Game generation is simple but fun and really makes you feel like you're having an impact on your game before it even starts. You roll a set of Hearthlings, each with their own stats, and can even name them. You also get an amount of gold to spend on a selection of items to start yourself off with. You select your options in storybook form when the game asks you to pick between two types of Hearthlings (one medieval-ish group and one nomadic, desert-like group), two types of biomes (temperate or desert), and two types of game (either you can be raided by enemies or you can't). Then your map is generated and you select where on that map you want to settle. Each region has access to different resources.+ Trade events. Just about every day, a trader will come by offering different deals. You can buy or sell certain goods from some, some will ask you to make them x number of items then come back after a set amount of time to trade you something agreed upon for them... It keeps things fresh and gives you new ways to get resources you maybe don't have access to based on where you settled.+ Hearthling jobs. There are several different jobs in the game and they all feel useful. Every Hearthling starts off as a basic laborer, who can only gather resources, haul them, or build. With items (most of which are constructed by the various crafting jobs), you can promote a hearthling to any number of other jobs such as Farmer, Carpenter, Tailor or Trapper. Every job has levels that increase as your Hearthling performs that job and gains experience. At each tier, a new ability is unlocked. These range from increased speed to the ability to randomly create high-quality furniture that takes on a finer appearance than the base item being crafted. Many jobs are also laid out in a tree wherein you must have a Hearthling of level x in one job to promote to another. For example, Cook requires Farmer at level 3.+ The ability to save your building designs for easy placement later.THINGS THAT NEED WORK:- Currently it's very difficult (possible though!) to build a second floor that functions. I'm sure this will be ironed out as the game plods along in development, though.- A few of the job abilities aren't implemented yet, but this will definitely be remedied later just on nature of the status being ""not implemented"".- You get occasional errors when trying to do things, pretty much always in regards to building. They haven't crashed the game for me, it's basically just the game telling me the engine didn't understand what I was trying to do.- Sometimes the building bugs a bit, but all that generally means is that you have to cancel building and start designing from the start again. Bit of a pain, but with trial and error, you'll get where you're going, and this is sure to be ironed out in the long term.FINAL VERDICT:It's already an incredibly addictive game for me. In its current state, I'd rate the game a solid 7.5/10. It has the potential to be at LEAST a 9. If for whatever reason you trust my opinion, I'd tell you this game is worth the buy right now. It's one of the sharpest alpha states I've ever seen for a game and there's already so much to enjoy and lose hours in. Five hours in, I've only scratched the surface of jobs and the like and I'm still going strong. I can see myself easily logging over 100 hours in this thing."
,Recommended,253250,35113945,Posted: 21 September,all,Keem Fortress 2,"Stonehearth is great. I have had many hours of enjoyment out of the game and for it’s price, it is excellent. Its key gameplay mechanics are very intuitive and fun, such as combat, construction and managing your civilians. The graphics and graphic styles are nice and aesthetically pleasing. It sounds very nice, especially the soundtrack. The community is nice and fairly active, especially on the forums. The devs are active and so far have made some very good decisions. The difficulty is a nice balance between super easy and impossibly challenging. Furthermore, the UI is lovely and minimalistic.The main problem with this game is bugs, and bugs there are! There are also come inconveniences with the building editor which punishes you for mistakes that are easily made, when the punishments are not, to my knowledge, intended.Personally, I would rate this game a 7 or 8"
76561198065254978,Recommended,253250,23556408,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,alasdairtaylor2403,Exciting game to play with ever evolving features and a wonderful dev team.
,Recommended,253250,27429183,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chaqibrahim,"This game is really good! (for me, at least)It's not like minecraft, or any other sandbox-survival game.In this game, you don't control a single person, but you manage citizens of your town.A lot of class to choose, each of them are unique.Worker, carpenter, farmer, footman, etc.You REALLY have to manage all of your citizen.Building houses, crafting items, making food, guarding city, mining, and more.Sometimes I find myself very confused because of too many citizens (hearthling) to control.It's very unique for me to play a game like this.And, oh yeah, the artworkIt's the best!You will find cool and cute artwork at the main screen and loading screenSometimes I open the game just to see the artwork LOL"
,Recommended,253250,16847476,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,BigBabyDuke,"This is fun village builder/manager. The emotional attachment to your villagers (hearthlings) is a bit to much though. The Goblins raided my settlement, Campton fought bravely... I cried for 3 days."
,Recommended,253250,25593628,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,matt,"I, ehrm, ""test drove"" this game prior to Alpha 18 and saw it's potential, but hesitated to purchase it due to some lofty bugs and general lack of late-game content & optimization.I was very pleased to discover how much progress was made with A17 & 18.  These two patches alone convinced me it was time to support the devs by purchasing and recommending the game to others.  I wasn't sure you guys could/would pull it off, but this game now feels great to play for being in such an early stage.  Keep up the hard work - this is a gem awating it's final, glorious cut & polish!!!10/10 would stone my hearth again."
76561197961239574,Recommended,253250,29616625,Posted: 31 January,all,Mando,This game has more love put into it than many 70 dollar games.I recommend this game and i am hooked.This is probably most everything i was looking for. i thought i could only sit in it for about 2 hours but my gametime just piles up.This is a game you SHOULD buy. tweak the graphics a little by gooing down shadows and increase how many citizens you can have and just enjoy.Downside that i found is gear. you should be able to choose what guy has what gear.And the world needs to grow. and the hearthlings.Apart from that its just plain fun.
76561198054817076,Not Recommended,253250,19471379,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,thelyzardiam,"If you quite like sandbox games where you build and mine, this is not the game for you. I am completely aware that this game is in early access and that content has not all been fixed in place, however there are other games out there that do the same thing, but better and cheaper. The price tag for this game is steep, $25. I managed to play 8 hours, while most of that was just waiting for the little villagers to complete their tasks, and the game was pretty much over. This game is worth $5. If you are looking for an interesting game to play that are similar I would reccommend Gnomoria, Craft The World, and Banished. Totally worth the money. You can get both Gnomoria and Banished for $27. Go that route, I should have listened to Tom."
76561198137221212,Recommended,253250,20830710,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TuRbInAtOr,Very fun only bad thing is bugs (Due to it being early alfa). A  componst heap would be jealouse of the bugs in this game.It has alot of potential
,Recommended,253250,28728618,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[MTMG] ZoomPower,"Stonehearth is much like a city builder, but with some RPG/Adventure elements in it. The goal is to keep your Heartlings, or citizens alive by finding resources, building houses and defences and fighting off invaders.When I first got into this game I had a hard time getting used to it. There were many game breaking bugs that got your Heartlings stuck or buildings that could not get finished. Most of the bugs have been fixed and you won't run into any for the most part. The ones that do are often easily shrugged off.UiThe game is quite easy to get into. The UI is quite easy to handle and you can easily access any information you might need. Important events like raids, level-ups or traders will pop up and notify you of their arrival. You can ""slice"" the ground  so you can see your mines underground and the same can be done for the buildings (although this might need some improvement for buildings with multiple floors).BuildingBuildings can be made in any way you want as these can be build much like Minecraft block by block. After you're finished editing your building you can let your Heartlings build it for you. The game also offers some blueprint for you when you don't feel like building houses yourself and these too can be edited to your liking.When building starts your heartlings will get everything they need to build the structure bit by bit. They even build scaffolding to make the building making it cool to see your buildings being build from the ground up.ProfessionsYour heartlings will be able to be given specific roles. Like a carpenter, a farmer or a footman. This will allow them to level up in this respective tree which in turn will allow you more to make and progress your town further. Each role has their benefits and are overall very well balanced out. You will mostly want to have all of them every time.ChallengesWhile supplying your town with supplies is not hard all on its own, it does get a bit more exciting when enemies start appearing. Having to call back your citizens to the safety of your building while your footmen, knights, archers and clerics move in to take care of the threat. Combat is really fun, even when it's this simple it still gets you to hold your breath sometimes when its a close call for one of your soldiers.StoryThe game does not have much story going on yet. But it is easy to see the potential the game has and the devs are working on the story as we speak. Which brings me to the next part.DevelopmentNow, many people have been complaining about how slow the game has developed over the last months. And I can't blame them. But one thing you must keep in mind is that the development team is a small one. Personally I still back the dev team as they seem to actually care about the game.My overall opinionI like this game. Quite a bit. It is a bit like minecraft but more strategy based. Which I like. The game's theme is great. Very cute and playful making even the biggest fights look cute and huggable. The game still lacks some contend but even now I would pay my 30 bucks for it and think it money well spent. I love the system of the game and the way it works. The UI is simple and much to my liking. My only real downside is that I too would wish for more content being thrown out more rapidly. I give this game a 8/10. Some might say this is way too high. But you just cant deny this game is a lot of fun and still has a whole lot of potential. I hope the game gets some big updates in 2017 and I feel like the devs will deliver on this. My advice? Buy this game! Support these developers. It's small companies like these that make the greatest games. If given the chance."
76561198019710895,Recommended,253250,33548269,Posted: 14 July,all,Lamar Davis,just amazing a beautiful art style fun gameplay a huge opportunity to let your creativity flow and helpfull and passionate devs with a sizeable amount of money behind it could not recomend it more!
76561198155812323,Recommended,253250,34512688,Posted: 26 August,all,Beef Sandvvich,"I got this game a hell of a long time ago and is still in Early Access?! How much more AMAZING content could the devs add? Theres poyos (chickens), trolls, swords, a building system, what more could you want in a game!?"
76561198045984210,Recommended,253250,34486255,Posted: 25 August,all,Miss. No Fairy,"Stonehearth is the cutest fantasy building simulator I have every played! It has a storyline og events happening throughout your play, and challenges too. The options are many, and the game allows you too be very creative when you're building buildings. The leveling system is great, the music is catchy and sweet and the graphics are super cute. :-) I have played this game over 90 hours and I'm not prepared to stop anytime soon! What's also very positive is that the developers are very active with updates, it is clear that they put a lot of love into this game, and that they care about making it the best they can. I have only positive things to say about Stonehearth. <3"
,Recommended,253250,23122982,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,FoxEDogE,"The devs put their heart and souls into this game, and it shows! They're always adding in new and intersesting features and complete a new alpha release every month or so. It's nice to have a game where you can build whatever you want while defending it from the various and expanding array of monsters. I love the RPG elements of needing a previous class in order to advance further. Or a different class is needed to craft the necessary tool to level up a hearthling. Alpha games have lots of bugs you say? Fear not! Many of the game-breaking bugs or annoying bugs that I experienced when I first bought this game are all gone or at least are being addressed and steps are being made toward fixing it."
,Recommended,253250,25611364,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Tmd429,"What can I say? This game is just a ton of fun. I soaked up 4 hours playing this when I first bought it. If you like town/city builders, and like to manage colonies and the like, then this game is right up your alley. I thought that the art style would bug me at first, but to be honest, it is kinda nice. You don't get caught up in the graphic nature being a big point in the game, even though you can make some nice loking buildings and stuff anyway.Stonehearth looks like Minecraft, but plays very differently. It is in a top down-ish format, so you aren't controlling a single character, but rather managing what the colonists will work on. I won't go too much into the mechanics of such a game, as it isn't the first to do such a thing, but it is worth noting that you don't have IMMEDIATE control over what the colonists do, unless they are doing nothing at the time.This is an amazing game. I can only assume it will get even better, and it looks as though the devs intend to stick with it, fixing some annoying bugs already. If you are on the fence, I'd say just buy it, give it the 2 hours to decide, and if you don't find yourself completely wowed by it, Steam will give you a refund.You really can't go wrong here."
,Recommended,253250,25696050,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Alexm188,This game is fun to play. Can't wait for multiplayer though
76561198154835993,Recommended,253250,25614842,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,_Kronus_,This is a great game love the design the graphics. But sometimes my game will crash or it will glitch out this makes me very unhappy but over great game
,Not Recommended,253250,23557870,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Carsonlee04,This is a good game for the first 2-3 hours. When you start making building that aren't already built in can be extremely frustrating. If you want to upgrade a piece of furniture in your house you have to destroy it and rebuild it from what i can tell. If you want to make a vertical mineshaft you can wish some of your hearthlings dead. Sometimes random items get in places you can't get. This game has good potental. It could be a great game if the building management was much easier.
76561198066710473,Recommended,253250,29026337,Posted: 4 January,all,Teutonix,Less than 2 days after buying this game I managed to put in almost 24hrs of playtime. That's just sad
,Recommended,253250,19499916,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bear,"as buggy as it is right now this little game is somewhat addictive. Dev's are releasing constant updates so there's usually something new every week or two. it'll be hard not to burn many hours on this builder... even with all its bugs...EDIT: the devs are committed to this one, I genuinely believe this will be one of few early access games to be seen through to completion.If you enjoyed any form of base builder game, you'll like this. if titles like dungeon keeper, cultures, settlers (and many more) make you feel a little nostalgic then one day this game will too.Only thing to consider if you're thinking about buying, dont be dissapointed if you get bugs - everyone does at the moment. be prepared to search the forums for console commands or common problems. it is still alpha so its not without its unexpected complications"
76561198141508214,Recommended,253250,31849711,Posted: 19 May,all,tom62,"I was waiting for this game while it was in greenlight, and I bought it the day it came out. I have loved it eversince, and I really think it is worth its price. there is one thing that I would like to change, and that is to make it so that the hearthlings don't build around them. This is a problem because sometimes the hearthlings will be stuck in blocks. An example of this is when I built a 5 block wide wall, 5 of my hearthlings built them selves into the wall and I had to destroy the whole wall. Other than that, the game is amazing!!!"
,Recommended,253250,19125159,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,› MrDrayth,"Rewrote this Review due to new updates, current Stable: Alpha 17, but Alpha 18 is playable and looking good too. Previous Review had 4 of 7 Helpful votes.Short Version: It's still a Dwarf Fortress/Gnomoria style game, but less focused on deep digging and more on exploration, crafting, and building. Class System is simple but interesting and more unique than simply assigning jobs, and much more user friendly than most. Don't let the simplicity fool you though, you can pour some fair time into this if you like these kinds of games.Since my previous review, it's still in Alpha, but has resolved or at least lessened alot of the Optimization issues, with more tweaks focused on that to come - judging by the dev blog and their videos, they genuinely care about fixing this, and they should since 2d Dwarf Fort lags up pretty bad once you have a big enough population going, imagine how bad it's going to be in a 3d game like this. Smart focus on their part, one of the rare devs that learns from others' issues, unlike every MMO dev out there.The AI is much better now, though still a little prone to bad decision-making. You can somewhat ""control"" their pathfinding by building Roads, as it favors those almost exclusively unless no road exists to follow nearby. The Building issues I had before seem resolved for the most part, though I'll still find a ladder or scaffolding stuck floating and undestroyable without using the Console.Combat has advanced by leaps and great bounds since my previous review - many more weapon/armor options, as well as 3 new classes: the Knight, with heavier armor and 1h/shield focus, bonus defense/stats and buff auras for his allies, as well as Taunt skills to protect the squishies - the Archer, your standard ranged attacker who can either slow or burn enemies based on their Arrow Quiver equipped(and double-shot at max lvl) - and most importanly, the Cleric, a Healer Monk who can do melee dmg and defend himself but puts their first priority as healing any nearby units with damage, both directly and through a passive aura. I make 2 groups of 1 of each class and it protects my bases pretty well + deals with the Story armies nicely.The Mining system is a little more controllable now but still not as fine-tuned as I would like to see, and usually see in other games of this kind - there's no Ramps or Stairs to be dug, and manually digging them up doesn't usually work because the AI prefers to build and use Ladders instead of stepping up/down 1 block steps.Overall they're making nice strides in the right direction, and I'm eager to see more.Bonus: There's already a decent-sized Mod community, and they make some pretty good mods so far, from whole new classes and items to entire Biomes(The Archipelago one is awesome)"
76561198057093526,Recommended,253250,19519986,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cornayes Silver,If they panned out a lot of the bugs this would be a magnificent game
,Recommended,253250,34152997,Posted: 10 August,all,FieryUmbreon🐾,This is the best early access game I have played. There are few bugs but most can be solved by using simple console commands.
76561198074230120,Recommended,253250,33832039,Posted: 27 July,all,oliverleytens,"If you see from where they start, this game is is quite fun."
,Recommended,253250,16223681,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Azural,"Cry 'Havoc!', and let slip the dogs of Lua!This game is so much fun, you really have to play it to understand.  There is a simple elegance to building caves to hoard more food then your villagers will ever eat...Obviously, being alpha there are still some issues.  My advice, SAVE OFTEN.  You will grow to hate the blue lua process bar as much as I do...Yet I'm still playing it...Commeeeoonnnnnn day 24!"
76561198042662150,Recommended,253250,20964833,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Beven,I love this game.
,Not Recommended,253250,16533556,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Baulmada,"Great game for alpha. yes bugs, yes some people have crashes, thats all expected. But i'm afraid for myself personally, that after night 10-15 I've run out of anything to do. You build houses, and then........ um..... well thats it. Even on the ""survival mode"" you can get by the entire survival mode with 1-2 warriors. Or just build a wall or a fence and you've outsmarted the game.Only thing i've found lately to make it a bit more challenging, is to increase the number of goblins or undead attacking me to keep it difficult. After about day 15 or so the workers kind of stop caring as much about getting things done, they also seem to get confused with where their food is even when theres a stockpile next door to them. I'm personally having a hard time with the food concept of the game, and NO I dont want it to be a sim. But why do I need 18 acres full of food to get one more person? No one eats much but for some reason I need SO MUCH FOOD. I feel like this game doesnt have any point after you made your first couple cute houses and made room for all the food you will need to get more people so you can...... so you can have more people to.... to build more houses.. well you get the picture. Can't reccomend in current state or for that price. Look forward to see what's on the horizon for this game. I hope it doesnt end up like Castle Story."
76561198285822351,Not Recommended,253250,33407396,Posted: 9 July,all,Odin,"Stonehearth, damn...This game was so fun in the beginning. But it's unplayable thanks to the many buggs and broken system.Examples*Can't kill an enemy, it has no health bar and it won't die. You have to open console in order to 'kill' it.*Making structures/houses/etc. Can't delete walls if placed and sometimes can't even build when finished. 'Engine Error'.*When an structures/houses/etc is in building progress, sometimes won't even finish building. 'Engine Error'.This game has so much potential, but is in the current state not worth 25$, or even buying.I strongly recommend not buying it until It's finished, if ever will. But the game has been in EA for 4 years already and has not changed allot since.Buy another game with your money."
76561198119688514,Not Recommended,253250,23681850,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,gkjwkal2,Stop while building a house.It makes me sad.I can't proceed any more. And the new have no choice but to begin. Only a letdown have invested.
,Not Recommended,253250,23626681,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ye' old apple,"Don't buy this game until all bugs are fixed. there are so many bugs its not funny.Whenever I play this game for more than at least a few minutes, it just pauses and stops responding. the game looks real fun, But with a bug like this that stops you from even playing it, i find that this early access game is really expensive.4/10"
76561198014558445,Recommended,253250,32793171,Posted: 25 June,all,Mial,"Great management sim/city-builder game! If you have played Gnormia or Dwarf Fortress, you will like this game. From what I've seen, it has a great developer team and supportive community. I have thus far played in Alpha and have not encountered any major issues. This game has a lot of potential - can't wait to see what else comes out.Overall, 10/10!"
76561198063022782,Recommended,253250,33124616,Posted: 2 July,all,Princthess,"This game is very addictive, the 17 h I've played I've played obsessively. Looking forward for what's in store next!A small list of improvements:1. In this game you can play as two type of tribes, one who's home is the forest biome and a second who's home is the desert biome (you can put the desert tribe in the forest biome and the other way around too). What I'd like is more type of tribes and more biomes, but it seems like something that would be on it's way in the future prolly. A biome and tribe I'd like is like a elven tribe in a fairy forest biome!!2. More types of classes/professions, again I think that's on it's way but for now it's not there.3. More quests/stories/interaction with traveling strangers. A lot of the time it feels like it's just your tribe that exists in the whole world despite the npc travelers and enemies. Maybe some neighboring towns that you can befriend or make enemies with?4. You can't really do anything with water as far as I can tell and I'd be neat if you can have fishermen and boats and stuff. Maybe some merfolk?5. I played as the 'forest tribe' in the forest biome and it's very easy on normal difficulty. I don't mind it that much but it can make the game feel kind of flat, it needs more depth somehow.6. Seasons, as of now there doesn't seem to be any (unless they come super slowly because my town has been going for quite some time)."
,Recommended,253250,31802474,Posted: 17 May,all,Zombie,"I played 5 hours so far. And I will be damned. This is a great game.If you enjoy micro-management, creating your own village and turn it into slowly into an Empire. Not forgetting the cuteness of this game is overwhelming."
,Recommended,253250,19170280,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,AuroraTheReckless,Stoneheart has alot of potential!
76561198111395268,Recommended,253250,30343879,Posted: 5 March,all,Polska-chan,"Stonehearth... Seems like a rips off from Trove and the name like a rip off from Hearyhstone but, it is far from a rip off. It is indeed similar to Gnomoria from what I've seen but it differs greatly. This game has great potential if only few more things were to be added. Right now it isn't worth £18,99, I would say a tad less but at the same time I understand that a game like this is expensive to make and constantly add things to it as well as making a profit. I have quite a few hours on this game and if I was to say that I don't like this I would be lying because it's greatly enjoyable if you're into these sort of games. At the start of the game you choose whom you wish to be and where you will start but either way you are thrown into the deep end of the pool if you don't chose your map to which favours you're gameplay etc. Normal in this game can be rather at the begining so I would recommend starting at peaceful before being use to it. Anyway the game is still in early access so not much can be said but the fact that if you know that you will enjoy the game then buy it but bare in mind it's still not 100% finished and it may take a while before it is but I enjoyed it, I still play it and I would most defenitly recommend this game even though it is a tad bit expensive."
,Recommended,253250,23631667,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Gamer Guy Alex,"I love this game. Sure, it has some bugs and glitches that need to be attended to, but overall, the pros outweigh the cons. I love the music that plays, beautifully composed, and the frame rate is on point for the most part. The only thing is that the game doesn't have too much content right now, so I would recommend buying a later build."
76561198058384400,Recommended,253250,23694550,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Best Guy,"Stonehearth; the strategy survival game that isn't to be confused with Hearthstone. Now this is a great game and although it still lies within the grasps of ""EARLY ACCESS"" it has much potential that i can see it achieving in the future. With a very proud company stood behind it (Radiant) it is always improving, updating and upgrading your experience.However there are downsides to this game still being in early access. One being that the game still has many bugs which torment you throughout gameplay. One of my examples is the building bugs, now to begin i must say when i first saw this game i invisioned in my mind a huge expanding town with tall walls and a vast amount of buildings. Needless to say when i started designing and trying to create my own buildings i came up with one of the greatest problems. Buildings are at this point (alpha 16) really difficult to design without your heathlings (Settlers) just simply giving up mid-way. Now this is an issue that the company is working hard to address and you can see they are via their YouTube channel but still makes me suffer when trying to play this game how i want to play it.With other minor bugs that still annoy me throughout playing i still really enjoy this game and i love the abilities it has right now and is still improving! This game has so much to it and just to summarise:- Lots of different skills and professions- Tons of dynamic and varying enemies- Beautiful unique graphics- A world to explore and settle within- Over 100 items and resources to useI only have about 20 hours of gameplay (as of writing this review) but hope to get many more out of new alpha releases and maybe one day we will see this game be complete after its polished as this game could be great but falls short due to bugs and problems. Maybe consider supporting the creators to keep working on the game and give it a try.Would recommend! :)"
76561198060611359,Recommended,253250,17486125,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sir_ Hudson,this game is a very good fun game worth the £18.99 ive been folowing tis game sice the kick starter unfretently i cudent suport the kick starter but it made it and im fully saporting this game %100 worth the money ive got one hickup with the game when you get you litile hamlit gets biger it begins to get awfle fps lag but its only crashed one and im on a prty bad laptop im away form my gameing pc but im being to ramble so bad thing is fps lag when thay get biger and 1crash so very welloptamized game very good fun i will give it 10/10this is a altha so you will need to fogive bugs and litile ireatasons
,Recommended,253250,23793281,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nickstonem,"I've been at this game for a few months now, coming back to it every couple of weeks.  And, everytime, I end up spending hours upon hours lost in the this little world, building, growing, and exploring.  I can't wait to see what is in store for the future of this game"
76561198038860279,Recommended,253250,23735404,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bastiaandegoede,"Is a nice game to play with, if you love city building. :)"
76561198047104163,Recommended,253250,20481846,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Criuss,"Great, but wait until they fix bugs..,"
76561198095094750,Recommended,253250,22988105,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,厚い少年,its a great game whit a lot of potential but right now it has a lot of bugs its in a alpha of course but i think its gonna be a great game
76561198267639791,Recommended,253250,23408698,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Rubicon,"I was a little hesistant buying an EA game, due to the majority of them being riddled with bugs right from the get-go, but I am glad i bought this one, great overall game, you will loose track of time. There are annoying bugs here and there, but STILL well worth buying."
,Recommended,253250,23905443,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SpooperGuy,"Its pretty good so far, but the bugs REALLY make it hard to play. If this game looks intriguing (Which it is), then wait until the game has entered beta, or at least until later alpha builds. Still recommended, though."
,Recommended,253250,28897841,Posted: 1 January,all,Kawaii Thuggin',Haven't had this for 24 hours and I've already invested almost half a day in it.
,Recommended,253250,23453715,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,iMP,"The game keeps getting better, and the small annoying issues that bugged me previously are now fixed :)Having loads of fun with the game, and there's been a steady stream of updates. Definitely worth the price if you enjoy these kind of games :)"
76561198318941862,Recommended,253250,24424122,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,H_K_Hellion,"I think this game is amazing. If you are a person that likes a good city builder,resorse magenment or just a fun game to waste time with get it.it's worth every penny-One thing is, that sometimes the AI is a little stupid.(probly because it's in alfa) xD9/10 I love this GAME! :)"
,Recommended,253250,19382250,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,HawtBigRed,This game is fantastic! The bugs are extreme but there are workarounds. Everything runs well until about 3 hours in when you start to need at least a 1k dollar gaming beast just for it to keep chuggin.DO NOT GET THIS YET IF YOU HAVE A WEAK PC!ONLY GET THIS NOW IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER THAN AN AMD RADEON R9 270 OR NVIDIA EQUIVALENT.
,Recommended,253250,29287291,Posted: 15 January,all,Mega_Zawesome,"Stonehearth. Not to be confused with the card game Hearthstone nor the novel Stone Heart by Charlie Fletcher.It's a medieval town building game where you control what your settlers, also known as Hearthlings, do, somewhat.It has a Sims-esque overhead view where you can position the camera to watch settlers eat, sleep, mourn over the fact they ate a turnip raw, or plant the camera into a nearby mountain and see how fast you can scroll out of the mountain.Enough about the camera, what about the gameplay?It does have strong points, the Hearthlings can farm, mine, deforest an ecosystem for a chair, or be threatened by goblins about 1/3 of their height. Hearthlings don't fight back when attacked by monsters. Oh, sorry, they do. They just have to have another Hearthling be killed in order to do 1/4 a heart of damage. Sort of a human shield metaphor going on.The only ones who will fight back before wimping out because they were attacked are footmen, knights, archers, and walking bandages- whoops. I meant clerics. I thought this supposed to be a town building game, not a DnD set up.Before I continue, I'd just like to point out that the ""heart"" I speak of serve as a HP bar, when there is only one heart.The combat is interesting, albeit unforgiving if you are outnumbered. Enemies will group up if Hearthlings don't kill them fast enough and they will chop at their health like a chef to a carrot.Speaking of carrots, there's farming. It is quite smart to have a rot system on raw ingredients, but from what I know, cooking the food will eliminate rotting and make it an MRE, essentially. But before your Hearthlings can have a nice serving of cold soup, you must have a cook because it seems like the Hearthlings were spoonfed and never learned how to roast a carrot over the campfire you are given from the very start. Oh yeah, there are levels for jobs as well, still leaning to the DnD metaphor, since the Hearthlings get buffs and skills from leveling up. Extra damage, more recipes, being able to herd sheep you pulled from your bum.""Ok, it looks like I need an archer and a knight since these footmen are getting destroyed by a sentient stump.""""Hold on there! Your footmen are only level 2! They need to be level 3 before you can promote them! Just have them walk in circles around that small farm plot for 4 hours!""""That seems easy, 4 hours ingame isn't that long, it's 4 minutes.""""No, I meant 4 hours in real time.""So I may have exaggerated there about leveling up. The Hearthlings level up their job by, er, doing their job. Farmers farm, Blacksmiths smith, Soldiers stare at dirt.Some Hearthlings level up faster than others because of their special buffs. There are 3, but based on value, the only ones worth having are Body and Mind. Body (health) is pretty straight forward. Mind makes your Hearthlings level faster and create better versions of items.I didn't really understand that. How does a carpenter take the materials to make 1 chair and create 2, while one chair is of higher quality?The higher quality furniture doesn't have any other use other than having a nicer look and a higher gold value. Trading in this game is similar to other games; Vender sells item at a fixed price, you can sell the same item for half. Sometimes you can get specialty deals from wandering traders. While some are good, the others are asinine. Some come along the line of ""I'll give you one twig for your 54 baskets of pumpkins!"" or ""I'll give you 40 steel bars if you show me a smile, you heartless being!"" Before you can make this transaction, you must wait a period because, I don't know, the trader has to preform a broadway play or something. Which makes sense, they make a deal which can be done in a minute or in 5 days. Sometimes you can get a trade for something from the other band of Hearthlings, which is nice if you hate seeing the same stalks of yellow vegetables. I couldn't say it WORKS yet, let me find out later, I got an offer for watermellon seeds and it just seems like it took my corn.Deforestation is also an issue. They fixed that by adding farmable saplings. ""What? Now it's both DnD AND Minecraft?! It's just a rip!"" And that is why those who point out things like that shouldn't make reviews. Wait... Anyway, be prepared to either have a sapling farm that makes 1 sapling every harvest, which isn't a lot, or 200 every harvest, which is just a tad too much.While writing this, I realized this review was long. Before I end this and rethink my life, there are a couple of things.Do I recommend it? Yes, I do. I'd recommend it only to people with beefy computers.What did you mean ""control the Hearthlings somewhat?"" Hearthlings act like they are their own AI, they run to get a log of wood that is guarded heavily by wolves. They destroy ladders from construction of a building while a Hearthling or 2 are still on the roof. Which, in return, they die from lack of food and things to do.What's a good starting point? Stay in the forests and on ledges, you can dig a trench and monsters won't attack your town (it actually does work based on it's pathfinding)."
,Recommended,253250,28769582,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,"Herbie ""The Champ"" Fully Loaded","First off, I love this game. I completly understand that its not finished, and still needs a lot of work, but gosh dang do i love this game.This is the type of game that I can get lost in. Sit down and turn on some music or a movie and just play for hours on end. I find this game very relaxing. well.... at times it can be relaxing.The only problem i have with this game is the frequency of attackers when playing in normal or hard modes. i find it hard to get thing done and make progress at times because im all ways focused on my army and possible attack routs.over all I would give this game a 8/10 as it stands right now."
,Recommended,253250,26319303,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,weeb,"Amazing game. Having a ton of fun on it so far. However, I've had to completely ditch a few of my well-built worlds because of bugs. Sometimes I have to restart my world because it bugs out and my hearthlings won't build a building I've requested them to build.Also, I wish there was a way to make seperate rooms in a building. I mean, you can with freestanding walls, but the freestanding walls have ugly columns and if you connect it to a corner, then it makes these ugly columns. If you could hide the columns on the freestanding walls it'd be good.Other than the massive amount of bugs (only because the game is in early access right now), the game is amazing and I enjoy it a ton."
76561198148123027,Recommended,253250,26464463,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Reed Knight,I've been playing this game for little while now and in the seemingly short time I've been playing I've seen it grow and develop quite a bit. I hope it continues on it current path!I highly recommend this game :)
76561197997828517,Recommended,253250,29091365,Posted: 7 January,all,Sir Piecemaker,"A charming game that allows you to build a village, manage your workers and thrive. Though in early access, the updates are fairly frequent and as is, it's a very relaxing, satisfactory game.A definite buy from me."
76561198013337509,Recommended,253250,23461789,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Jestinu,"great game just needs a few bugs worked out, very addicting.. in turn makes it hard to play when something doesnt work. but all in all 8/10 when buggs are fixed might even go higher. the road map has multiplayer on it if this happens it will be a lot of fun to either team up to build a string of friendly citys or even a pvp style could be fun."
76561198012195421,Recommended,253250,21579250,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,wannannas6,"After 11h, i can say this: Wonderful game! there are a few miniscule things that bother me, a.e. you start a game and have no clue what to do or what things do, but when you get the hang of it, it's really fun!Things that I'd love to see are multiplayer modes, and more hostility from monsters :) Also I'm still having trouble with filling up accidental holes that i've dug.. but probably my fault :')My overall review: This is a must have!"
76561198056446482,Recommended,253250,29154874,Posted: 9 January,all,TiltToWin,"An absolutely amazing game, let alone being in alpha, the playability of this game is endless. Each map can be different, each town start up will be different and the uniqueness of the citizens really makes you think of how you develope the town and make it prosper. The combat can be very tough but the squad tactics makes every battle fun. A must have for a sandbox developer game to where you can poor hundreds of hours into and not lose interest."
,Recommended,253250,27796925,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cytokinin,"So... Stonehearth.It's Early Access, and noticably so. Bugs, the fps drops lower the further you progress, your Hearthlings don't respond to commands, yada yada. Still, these bugs don't ruin the experience. Lower your expectations, it's not a fully completed game.The -in my opinion- biggest problem with this game, is the lack of difficulty scaling. Normal mode starts slightly difficult, but it gets too easy very quickly. There is a hard mode, but it suffers the same fate, except that it starts out very difficult.Once you've set up your farms and hunting grounds, your walls, your houses, there's not much that can hurt you anymore.Monsters don't destroy structures, which is both good and bad.Good, because given how clunky and weird the building system is, having walls get holes in them would be annoying to repair, unless hearthlings do it automatically, and then it becomes pointless.Bad, because they don't destroy anything. Put up some picket fences around a goblin camp without them attacking? Good job, they can't do anything to you now.With having said all this, the blue thumbs up might look strange, since all I've said are the negatives.But now that they're out of the way, I've got to say, this game is fantastic.The things that work, work really well.Having multiple combat squads, for example. Easy to assign, easy to control, incredibly satisfying to attack monsters from multiple angles, with seperate squads. Mining is easy, and the slice system is a godsend (and a necessity) for making multi-layer mines. The x-ray mode (it's not for finding ores easily, don't worry) is also fantastic. Being able to see your structures without all the other stuff in the way, it's great.And there is so much more good to be said about this game.Hearthling (they're the settlers, for clarification) professions are nice, and really allows for a personal story. Have a Trapper who has been there, doing the same work, for al the days he's been in the village? Let him retire, by making him a Shepherd (not saying all shepherds have easy lives, just that the hearthling ones seem to be in no rush, as they slowly walk through your village)!Maybe your farmer has farmed for so long that they've inevitably gotten exquisite knowledge about what they're doing?Promote them to a cook, and let them fill the metaphorical stomachs of your hearthlings!So, do I recommend this game?Obviously. But I also recommend patience when playing it. Everything won't go 100% perfectly, but if you work past the bugs, you'll have a fantastic time."
,Recommended,253250,29154147,Posted: 9 January,all,jrizzle8769,"I want to love this game sooo much. It has so much going for it. There are just a few flaws in logistics that are keeping it from being perfect.The AI is terrible - My workers are currently all standing around ""idle"" while I have crap everywhere that needs to be collected (ores, wood, wool, farm goods). There is no way to direct them to do what they are supposed to be doing.  I end up having to use the cancel option to permanently delete the items even though some are super rare. Amazing when i tell the workers to delete the item they are all over it....There is no way to edit the land once you have mined it. If you make a mistake...oh well...i hope you are not OCD like me. I currently have the grass layer near my village floating in the sky because either i made a mistake or my workers did not do as they were told.Finally, once food starts going bad in your storage it is a nightmare. Your workers do not remove this rotten food on their own accord. You must manually delete each basket of rotten food. Im at the point now where I literally spend a quarter of my day scoping out the food storage to remove these rotten baskets.This game is definitley on the right track but I would still wait until release to see if these kinks will be worked out. If they are this would likely become one of my favorite games in this genre on steam.TL:DR- AI needs work- Need an option to turn off rotting food or make workers remove it on their own- Need a few more land editing options in case you make a mistake (or your workers)This is a great title and I hope they continue to improve these imperfections. Giving it a thumbs up for encouragement to the Devs!"
76561198049569326,Recommended,253250,18195625,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Senpai_Slime,"Great game lots of potential. And as people have said this is in ALPHA not BETA not FINISHED! ALPHA, expect bugs/crashes/shenanigans. this game will be something great, just give it time."
76561197996360610,Recommended,253250,28745939,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[SeT] ReVenge1,Good game.Good way to spend time bringing out the lil architect inside you.
,Recommended,253250,28731224,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SlashConno,"I have played for about 53 hours, there has only been a few bugs but that's what you would expect with a game in alpha, but everything else is amazing. This game is one of my favorites."
,Recommended,253250,28713068,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DamianK2,Great game! I cannot wait until this is out of alpha and there is less bugs!
76561198090346867,Recommended,253250,26627471,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,sorvirin.daoc,"Nice game, get crafty and have fun"
76561197991178476,Recommended,253250,17131463,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AutumnThree,"I really do love the concept of this game.  The game has settlers left in the wilds to fend for themselves.  They slowly start to learn the basics to create their own city and a home for themeslves.At this point, though, the game is not ready.  The bugs are hard to get over and the game has not been updated to handle 'end of game' content or what happens when you level.  I build a place for everyone to sleep, to eat and then I'm pretty much done.  I have everyone collect resources, but really this only happens sometimes.  My blacksmith or Mason level up to create new things for my settlement, but I'm unable to impliment them, I don't see a reason to use them, and I can't make my own due to glitches.Now I don't want you to stray from the basic game.  Despite this all, as I frist stated, the game is headed in the right direction and I hope it continues that way.  If the developer can pull this all together I think we'll have a huge hit on our hands a game I won't be able to stop playing.I do think the game is worth a try!  Watch out for the goblins!"
,Recommended,253250,23454140,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BJSwensen,"One of the greatest Alphas I've ever seen. Period.Want to hear the details? Well, my fellow offspring of Rayya, sit tight for my story will be a long one.It's hard to begin describing what's so good about the game.Is it replayability?Great community? (and believe me, I don't treat these words lightly)Catchy art style?Responsive and responsible team?Warm and fuzzy atmosphere of cuteness?Before Alpha 16 Stonehearth, while interesting, was a barebone system. Now it's a game, and with the new hard mode it's challenging exactly how you want it to be. With multiple military classes and new difficult enemies able to break through your doors you get yourself dragged into the turmoil of battles trying to keep your little sandbox settlement safe.What games does Stonehearth resemble? Suddenly, Dungeon Keeper. There is no dungeon, yes. But the same ""indirect control"" and ""build your town"" principle is still here, and voxel retro graphics gives you the right nostalgic vibe.Thanks to Stonehearth I have discovered Discourse - a free and open-source web 2.0 engine SH forums are built upon.Thanks to Stonehearth I got myself deeply interested in voxel graphics. And finally installed Blender.This game is built with love. But more than that, it is built with extreme mod-friendliness in mind, that, I won't fear to say, I've never seen before. Information is in an easy readable format. For every task, there is a free software available. If there is a downside, it's that skilled programmers are yet to turn their attention to the game.For those who like looking at a pros/cons list (I'm one of those types), here's one.+ Already playable and very enjoyable+ Watch and influence development through Discourse forums, Twitch streams and Trello feature lists (with voting for feature priority)+ Easily moddable (including translations, many are already available - check the forums)+ Quite playable without any mods (unlike that dragon-slaying bestseller RPG)+ Nice, if somewhat simple, 16-bit stylized voxel graphics+ Create building templates, then share them (or not)+ Nice music+ Active development (unlike some other titles, Stonehearth is an example of an Early Accessdone right)+ Rabbits- BugsBe ready for them. This is, after all, an alpha. While there is backward save compatibility now, I recommend starting a new game with every new major Alpha release. Some bugs have workarounds. Sift the forums. Stick to stable builds if you don't want to risk and make in-depth testing. Report bugs to the forums.- Lacking pathing and priorityThe cause of unfinished buildings in 80% cases is that hearthlings can't get to the next queued block with current scaffolding. Try building more ladders manually. It gets better with every major alpha, but still has issues.- The price is arguably a bit too highI'd like to mention separately some things that are planned, butnot there yet:- No water physics- No weather effects/seasons- Some classes are missing (namely Magmasmith and Geomancer - yes, you will be able not only do digging, but raise mountains as well). As of Alpha 17, Engineer is in development.- No multiplayer (it's late in the dev queue). I'm amazed how playable the game iswith no multiplayer yet.- Diversity of items is comparatively poor. Will be fixed, but the eyes of the devs' right now remain on gameplay (which is, in my opinion, totally justified). So no Cthulhu... yet. Can be somewhat fixed with mods (but still no Cthulhu).- Building mode is still limited and lacking (gets better with every major Alpha though)- The number of biomes is currently limited to 2 (will be more). You can try fan-made ones.- The number of playable races is currently limited to 2 (will be 3 or so)You may think the review is full of flattery. Your right. Make your research, see for yourself. All and all, with no revolutionary things in the box, Stonehearth can still be your heartwarming casual pleasure. The source of modding frenzy. Or both.The choice is yours."
76561198254655212,Recommended,253250,28441415,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,trevor.thelen11,It's a really fun game but obviously needs work which I get cause it's in alpha. One thing I really want improved is the camera especially the camera when looking up and trying to place blocks. It's really hard to actually build like this and I would love a fix. The other problem with the camera is when you try to rotate around something it freaks out and sends your screen flying. It's just really frustrating when trying to build a statue or some sort of monilith because of this. It took me almost 2 hours to finish a statue that could probably only 45 minutes or so. Good luck Devs you have my support!
,Not Recommended,253250,21673958,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,hx_danke,"I have no idea why the AI becomes really bad again. It was quite good. It might be due to the new features added into the game. But plz plz plz make sure no stupid AI bugs, which are extremely easy to be triggered, exist in the game before updating new features. The workers always, always, always ignore my orders of construction or destruction of a building, wandering around and doing nothing. However, the indicator on the right bottom corner says 0% idle, which is not true. I encounter such stupid bugs all the time, which completely ruins the gaming experience. So I decided to change my comments to the game to negative AGAIN because of the AI bugs. Yes I still recommend this game to friends, but no positive comment until such stupid bugs are fixed. BTW the new job types are pretty cool tho."
,Recommended,253250,19860899,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheProfessional,First game of this genre that I've been able to get into! Definitely worth checking out.
76561198067407001,Recommended,253250,20171767,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Benghazi,"Bought it awhile ago its a really fun game with combat, building and survival. In the future you should add Multiplayer where you can team up or fight each other"
76561198054263050,Recommended,253250,33164340,Posted: 2 July,all,omnilith,If you can deal with the bugs of an early development game and enjoy resource managment city builder games this game is well worth the asking price.I have enjoyed this game more than some of the supposedly finished city building games that I paid more for.
76561198029414925,Recommended,253250,17380675,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,MORPHEO,"Well,well,well ... what to say...One of the moust promessing games i have seen so far, but still just that, promessing...As far as i have known, i have been following this game for almoust 2 years, and i can´t say that a lot have change since, sooooo ...  if you are hoping for all the media arround ( big stunning monsters, castle gates, two or more floor buldings with a seemingly inside staircase, red or personal castle banners, pre-made hudge statues, easy interface, small stockpiles, large maps, easy mining, more than a handfull of different jobs, large castles and towns, people coming and going from/for & out of town, and so on ... u can forget about it for the time being )Aldo... if u are willing to look at the great potential, u are enough open-minded, patient and u can forget about comparing with other games such as "" banished""...This is your game... see how things grown, times changes, and little by little enjoy every single game news, a game that promeses freedom, ever changing, allowing u to face unespected challenges, from goblings and orcs trying to still your hard works fruts, or blackmail you, wolfs at the orthers of the enemy, misterious messages left giving you nice and strange quest, merchants with all kind of proposals, growing your own food, making your own tools and comodities, and thieves from hidden camps... Even zombies and skeletons as night walkers will come over ...So remember till a long way to go... a loooooooooooooooooong loooooooooooooooooong way to go... almoust bug full... but still a real diamond on it's way to glory, ready to outshine it's competitors... ;-)..."
76561198265678441,Recommended,253250,33191881,Posted: 3 July,all,Njol,"I like the village building in this game, although, the building is a little problematic if you see a flaw you want to fix after allowing the building to begin because, i havent been able to edit a custom creation after starting it's build..."
76561197986695815,Recommended,253250,32965824,Posted: 28 June,all,genin32,"Stonehearth is a good game that has the capability of being great if it can conquer the glitches and bugs that persistently frustrate the players. It is a real joy to just sit back and watch the Hearthlings build at your grand ideas, only to have that feeling crash when a building just ceases to be of concern to them; or when trying to save, having multiple UI fail windows pop up and the menu screen being unaccessible (a few of the bugs that have hit me during play).All issues aside though, if you like city-builder/management games, do yourself a favor and pick this one up.  It is well worth the time and frustrations you may face."
,Recommended,253250,20077691,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,charlez54,One of the best games i have played this year. I tend to play this game whilst watching some netflix or some youtube videos as a background thing because of how painstakingly long it takes for your civilians to complete their tasks. One of the its a graet game but the ai in the game sometimes bugs out and just idles even when they have tasks assigned but these flaws aside great gameplay.
76561198028096440,Recommended,253250,23821988,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Timi,"Amazing city builder and survival game, despite a few bugs here and there it is a solid strategy game.And for a game still in alpha it has quite a good bit of content, I look forward to see whats in the future for this."
,Recommended,253250,29270219,Posted: 15 January,all,Informal Informant,"My OpinionStonehearth is fun game of Village construction and management. As the Devs said, it does remind me a lot of DnD or other fantasy worlds and universes. The Hearthlings all have their own streangths and weeknesses, but if you have too many they do start to seem quite similar. The building prossess for buildings, wall, canals, and bridges works quite well, allowingyou to build something simple and quickly, or complex and intricate over a period of time. The only issue with it is that on occasion the Hearthlings seem to stop building for no reason, causing you to have to save the blueprint and start over from the begining of construction hoping that it doesnt stop again. Rarely, they might accidentally trap themselves inside a buildings walls and starve to death because of this. Its more annoying then game breaking, but it is something the devs need to fix.The world that the Hearthlings can go to build a new home is quite diverse. Ore dominating the mountains while plants and fertile land dominates the lowlands. It cause you to have to think about where you settle at the start, as you dont want to send your Hearthlings too far from the saftey of your town. Goblins, Orcs, Entlings, Stoneling and more roam the forests and mountasins to attack, set up camps, and steal your stuff, providing quite the challange to defend your Hearthlings and stuff.Pros+Nice art that compliments theme of game+Monsters provide challange untill later game when you have a decent military and can deal with everything thrown at you+Animations on Hearthlings and Monsters make them have personallity and express feelings+Easy to use building system that is an, ""Easy to learn, difficult to master"" type of thing+fun and easy to come back to gameplay+Really helpfull devs that actually care about their work and the issues their players are havingCons-Building is buggy at times, but it is still in alpha, so this isn't as bad-Hearthlings are utterly stupid and keep putting themselves in dangerous situations sometimes and not at others with the same command issued to them-Mechant stalls only seem to get the basic merchant types and not special or more specialised onesFinalFor a game in Alpha, it is incredibly far along for what it is. Many of the games core mechanics are implamented, and the game is a blast. I personally cant wait for Multiplayer, Magmasmiths, Geomancers, the Expanded story quests, visiuallised travaling merchants, Transportation options, the Rabbit clan, alternate planes, Dwarves, titans, more construction parts and decor, the combat system expansion, and all the other stuff the Devs are planning on adding over the versions. Stonehearth is game game I would reccomend to everyone."
76561198127297151,Recommended,253250,32321921,Posted: 10 June,all,Matyy,Very good game :DIt relax u and it s easy to play
76561198163636324,Recommended,253250,26481805,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Slimes💚,Great game. I recomend it if you enjoy city building or sandbox gameplay. This game has a lot to offer and more to come.
,Recommended,253250,26531514,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SergantByron,"I love this game, it'll keep you entertained for hours as you build up your town and train your men. Lots of crafting and expansion to be achieved in here. Weither you're building houses or carving your base into a mountain, or just building walls and defenses or training a small army to be undefeatable, you will not get bored here. Would highly recommend this game to anybody,Now for the down side: You only get 20 citizens through the game play so doing the combat quests can be a little hard if you dont strategize, also sometime the path will break when placing an object and an error message will pop up. But that's honestly all I have to say bad about it."
76561198065891683,Recommended,253250,28832294,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Slate,"This game is a big success for an Alpha stage game IMO. The game overall gets a big 4 out of 5 stars from me. The graphics are amazing with the 8-bit look alike 3d animations so it's a fresh look to me having never played a game with this style graphics before, I'm sure there are others similiar to it somewhere. The first playthrough you will have the time of your life unlocking the new job/combat classes you can assign to your settlers so it's alot of fun unless you die of course. In terms of combat you have your standard healer, melee, and archer classes so its definately nice for an Alpha stage game. The reason I'm only giving the game 4 stars though is the fact that the actual combat is pretty much bland and non existent in variety. The events are cool with the different camps that pop up at times but in terms of the actual fight there are no mechanical differences between enemies with it just being a slug fest till one party dies. The only mechanical difference is the ogre units that have an aoe with everything else being just a single target like your own units have. Once they can delve into the combat and give the user a variety in weapons like maybe an AOE mage you can assign and give enemies more variety it will definately have 5 stars from me."
76561198039513845,Recommended,253250,20923335,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,cuddycaverns,"god awful cheap enemy spawns in my town center , always while my troops are out fighting some other attack, and only after i spent hours getting established. kill all my settlers then tell me theres an attack after. f u stonehearth"
,Not Recommended,253250,30318308,Posted: 4 March,all,BatsInTheCave,"When I first saw the trailer for Stonehearth, I was immediately attracted to its style, town management and building mechanics. It reminded me of Banished, a game that I also enjoyed, so I decided to buy it. After the dozen or so hours I put into it, I was found quickly bored and frustrated because of three mainly reasons:1. Population GrowthThe rate at which I was gaining citizens was painfully slow, as in the game, you to have a certain amount of wealth to attract the next villager into your town. This is what I also find annoying about having to start new saves as it was a set back to my previously impressive kingdom that I grinded in another save file.2. A.I. PathfindingI cannot count the amount of times I would have my villagers refuse to build ladders for a newly dug mine. This might seem obscure to a person who has never played this game, but when three of your citizens in your already small town (because of poor population growth) are stuck doing nothing in a mine, the town's productivity is gone and the game grinds to a halt, and it's frustrating! I then have to try and speculate to why they were not building the ladder that would get them out of the mine, so I reloading the save, deleted the ladder's blueprints and then adding them again and it starts to make me feel like a moron who thinks turning their computer on and off will remove a virus!3. Creating buildingsAnother aspect that I thought would be fun was the building mechanics of the game. I was quickly shown otherwise as I was swiftly discouraged from using their complex and bizarre building system. Its hard to describe, but think of trying to build a house in the Sims, but with no clear formatting of what should go where and having to place every single block at a time. Maybe I such at building, I don't know /:However, for the time I did play, it was fun. I enjoyed the art style of the cuboid people, living in a cubic world and eating cubic food. I also found great pleasure when mining. Finding that first gold ore was overwhelmingly satisfying.I do believe that these problems that I have issues with will be fixed in patches that will better polish the game's flaws. But so far, the biggest problem that stands is that THERE'S NOTHING TO DO! You can grow your town, but for what purpose. The newly joined villagers will be turned merely into food workers and with nothing the military can fight or do, besides monsters that almost three shot your workers, there's no overarching goal like finding new and interesting technologies/problem solving situation or anything of that matter. If you are not a scrub at the game like I am, comment on what you can do in game please.I truly hope I haven't offended any veteran of the game, but I'm just hoping to inform problems that a newbie like ""I"" have faced."
,Recommended,253250,32903931,Posted: 27 June,all,Halmonvereher,best ts a good building and colne game
76561197983265212,Recommended,253250,35072129,Posted: 19 September,all,Sargeras,Okay so a bit of a Plug for a YouTuber first.I was watching BreadHeroDan play this game and fell in love with it before even playing it.Seems simple enough and in its Alpha stage yeah it is.What I have liked so far;- The Pixel Art Style looks great- The game is not clunky even though is looks like a Minecraft Civilisation game- The UI is easy to navigate- In its Alpha state it has a lot of things to already think about given it has elements of Stronghold and The SimsThe only issue I have is that the map size could bigger with more to explore but again this is Alpha build so hopefully this will change in time.
76561198105615009,Recommended,253250,35205441,Posted: 25 September,all,Ralleren,"This is a really great game. I've only experienced very few bugs. Unlike what some of the other reviews say, you can save and it works fine."
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,253250,18281558,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,GameKitten,"I can not recommend this game anymore. Building is broken and the devs decide they rather include traits than fix the building issues. Hearthlings just stop building. There is a lag issue with larger towns so, they have 20 set as default. The lack of content has been going on for far too long. And they decide to add traits with so many other things that need fixing."
,Recommended,253250,29502964,Posted: 26 January,all,|DanDo|Grzegorz|,I like this game
,Recommended,253250,17105586,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,K3,"From all of the building games I played since the last few years r great but this is the greatest on1 i played yet, there r still gltiches and bugs need to be fix over the years but the game itself is good it :)"
76561198038472200,Recommended,253250,23371312,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mdurham88,"Good game, continuous updates that improve it."
76561198010546094,Recommended,253250,25929022,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Manny,"TL;DR - If you like sim/survival games à la Gnomoria, Craft the World, etc... This game VERY worth it.This is one of the best Dwarf Fortress clone on the market at the moment. It beats games like Gnomoria out of the water mainly because of slick UI and easy to navigate Z axis for depth mining.There are bugs. But nothing extremely game breaking at the moment, the devs seem to be doing a good job of cleaning up their code.As some people mentioned, VERY CPU intensive. I've noticed that it seems the game has a memory leak problem, it'll run smooth for a few hours, but after 3-4 hours straight in one settlement, it starts to frame lag. Closing the program, waiting, and restarting fixes this. So at least it's not something permanent even if you have 30+ settles and a lot of business on the screen.I love the Tech tree idea, I hope it will come with a lots more jobs and advacements.Building design is HARD! If you're new, don't bother with it, take the default buildings and run with that. After a few games you can start banging your head on the design thing. It's not intuitive, that's the biggest problem, but once you get the functions, it DOES get  quite easy.Pros- FUN! The game might not be feature complete, but it's a hell of a lof of fun- Slick UI and non-confusing X,Y,Z in 3D environment nagivation (not easy to do imho)-Crafting! Gosh I love crafting, and this has already quite a few recipes. Could have a lot more, hope it gets more, but already very satisfactory- Sound and music: bravo- The two different tribes and map types give interesting variation in gameplay.- Some jobs are retro compatible, e.g. cook will keep faming. Which is a very cool feature- There are small quests and bigger mission types to get your town marked with township and such, so keep on going even if it seems you are at the end of progression, some nifty things are coming your way- Nice graphicsCons- Seems the mobs are very scripted, completely not random. Depending on your difficulty, you will always get the same waves at the same time. There are random mobs and spawns on the map, but by now I can already mark down when the first 5-10 invasions will happen in a Mid or Hard game. Takes away from the excitement.- Some bugs. Most annoying at the moment for me is that after level 6 or so while digging, mining highlight do not sticky. The task seems to be set in, but the yellow marker doesn't show. Hard to keep track of where I clicked.- Current soldier AI is not very good. I've had my soldiers die because they completely split up when attacking, specially when chasing Archer/Ranged type enemies, and they end up dying 1 by 1 even at high levels because they just don't work together. Lots of micromanagement needed on your troops which can be annoying.- Some parts of the game are no obvious. Where do you get sheep, or Poyos? Still need to find it out...Suggestions- Give workers levels too. They work so hard, and get nothing for it, poor things. But seriously, it would make sense to have your base workers be able to gain levels and maybe advance in things like: harvesting, mining, hauling (inventory expansions, etc...)- Priority system for the regular worker tasks (see Craft the World)-Allow remapping of the keys! I can't tell you how many times I send my damn tribe in alert mode because I am trying to turn a furniture piece to the left before placement, whoever took R as the alarm instead of ROTATION never played these games before :P- It doesn't seem to have any benefit to level up a class to the max before promoting your Hearthling to the next job. Would be cool if some bonuses would stick. Specially when it comes to the military, as a Knight level 1 might get trampled even if he was a Footman level 6 before.- Would be nice to be able to set patrol areas for your soldiers, instead of having them just marching in the base camp all the time- And on/off switch for soldiers would be great. If not walking/training, they could function as regular workers- Training area for soldiers/archers etc...- MORE MAGIC! Love the cleric, need more- Babies! Marriage, love, interactions, old age?- Fishing!- Multiplayer would be a blast, but I guess quite hard to do with Co-Op mode?- Dyes for clothes, more clothes with bonuses for the various jobs- Bit more functionalities for pets, don't even notice I have any most of the timeSpecsWin 10intel i7 479016 GB RAMGeForce GTX 980"
76561198294458185,Recommended,253250,26271921,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,nikkolai0404,10 of 10 best game
,Recommended,253250,16455220,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheMerchantofGames,Extremely addicting.
,Recommended,253250,29228338,Posted: 13 January,all,-LordOfPoi-,"Could do with some optimization, but other than that, great game!I think optimization means making it work better on less good PCs, tell me if I am wrong."
76561198128870817,Recommended,253250,16271899,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Young Guard™,Had my trapper become friends with a fox. They had their whole lives set out. Until they went into a hole without a ladder. They starved together in that hole.11/10 would starve with a fox again.
,Recommended,253250,28773071,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ranger Kodia,"First off this game is wonderful for an Early Access game. Yes it has its flaws, but what game thats this good doesn't have bugs in EA? None.Overall good game.Pros:+Casual game (you can play on peaceful mode with no enemies.)+City Builder+Building DesignerCons:-Sometimes Hearthlings just stand around and not complete a buildings construction.-Needs Coop or some sort of Multiplayer."
76561198196135769,Recommended,253250,17051342,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zivalent,Great game!
,Not Recommended,253250,17618355,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,✪ Trulla,"The game is very beautiful , but it fails with new update.. :("
76561198082961349,Not Recommended,253250,18163776,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Vectna,"This seemed like a very enjoyable game. Combining the freedom to build of Minecraft and the nature of group survival. However, after playing the game for a few hours and exiting, the game would no longer launch. It would seem after looking into methods to repair that this is a common issue and I hope the developers can repairs this soon. Overall, enjoyable game with no playability makes me advise players to stear clear of this game until repaired."
,Not Recommended,253250,18411367,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ondaly,"i cant start a new game :(  ""Stonehearth Assertion Failed"""
76561197995529463,Not Recommended,253250,18355440,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nire,"TL;DR= Wait to get it- give it a few more updates or wait until it's on sale, and then try it. It's going to be a super-fun game when it's finished. :)------I really, really want to love this game, and there's SOOOO MUCH POTENTIAL! Especially if they fill in the ""talent/job trees"" and optimize the graphics a bit.""Why I'm downvoting"": I'm usually really comfortable with games with lots of bugs in it- I can generally find a run-around and it's not a big deal.However in the case of Stonehearth, several of the bugs are completely game breaking (Not finishing building construction, villagers idling without reason, crafting tables not working (GUI reloads not working), etc..) and due to one reason or another I've found I've had to start a new game every 2-3 hours or so.  Which is frustrating when the game is pretty much all about resource gathering and village progression/development.When it's finished/optimized, I will absolutely re-throw my money at the developers wholeheartedly."
76561198011878571,Not Recommended,253250,19373498,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BiCurious George,"I enjoy this game for the first 30 or so minutes but you can tell it's still a work in progress. One major issue I have problems with is after about 30 minutes of game time it slows down and starts lagging. I'm not sure of the reason for this, I assume it's because it's loading more of the map into RAM as I explore. So i find that the more of the map I explore the slower the game becomes until it's basically unplayable. Once this issue with lag and RAM hogging is resolved it would be a great game and I will recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,253250,18321713,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sociopathy <3,"Although the main premise of the game is good and creating a village even better but the countless amount of bugs like the one that happens when i tab out the game crashes and countless other glithes. The final nail in the coffin was the price $25, this game is not even close to worth the price"
76561198088569283,Recommended,253250,17919788,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[PK]Bernie_Sanders,I'm able to play for quit longs hours. I meen if u need an objective or goal go play fps. Other then that its a city builder to. Make new different styled cities....
,Not Recommended,253250,16806122,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,𝒜𝓇𝓂𝒶𝓁ℴℊ,"This game has potential but as of right now I think they are asking for a bit much when it seems they don't have that much yet. The game is super laggy just a couple of minutes in to gameplay even on a monster gaming pc. And the gameplay engine seems very un-optimized when it comes to queing orders of building or crafting. For some reason they just refuse to make stuff for the longest of times and blacksmiths focus more on building than cfrating what you ordered and so on. Doesnt seem to be other players as of yet even ai is only limited too some random single or up to five unit squads attacking, but no bases or ai players to attack or loot. Very small map too. Still I am going to put this as a positive review because of the potential and what this game could be. Please dear developer, don't screw your fans over. You have asked a high price and received it, please live up to the expectations that come with it.But no updates in a long time and to many bus for me to recommend."
76561198121139581,Not Recommended,253250,23712740,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr.Pibb,"Im sorry this game is so amazing, theres just too many glitches to make it worth 24.00. The game is very well made with its mechanics and gameplal, just atleast every 5 minuets I run into a game breaking glitch. The most popular one ive found so far is when workers just stop doing there tasks, for examample one time I spent a good 10 minuits planning a new HUGE portion of one of my villages, clicked ""start building"", everything was going fine, then all my workers decided to sit down and have lunch. Once they were done they just stood. No matter what tried I couldnt fix it and had to restart. I found this glitch happens 70% of the time whenever you build anything, weatheer its a small 1 person cottage to half your village this glitch will happen. I really really want to give this game a big thumbs up but I cant do that until the developers fix these game breaking bugs and glitches."
,Not Recommended,253250,19896601,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Z17DK,"Before you play even though the reviews are very positive, make sure there is a sale before spending $25 or so.The game somewhat acts alot like Rimworld and Minecraft except you cant manually control your civilians.Bugs Ive encountered: missing heads, or head is where the torso of the character is, Stop building and working, no tutorial even though it takes around a hour to figure out how things work. For me after and hour of playing, didnt even save the game yet, a UI error appeared and the game broke, it was somewhat playable but i couldnt open my building tabs or job menus.... this was truly a waste of $25... ive read the reviews and watched gameplay... i reccomend you buy this when it is fully developed or when they lower the prive because this is more of a $10 game than it is $25... But hey add some things and it might even be worth $14.99 but not $25, even if everything is fixed and done it wont be worth $25, thats just a ripoff."
76561198084348865,Recommended,253250,21736484,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cypher,"When I first got this game I opened it up and started a world, Five minutes later I cant stop, 4 hours later at MIDNIGHT I tell myself ""you must go to sleep"" I agree to do so and then get right back to it tomorrow. Next day I play ffor about 5 hours straight. In short if you like to play city builders, managment games, ect this is sooo addicting. Admittadly it has a few bugs and I cant make multi-floor structures but other than that I love this game."
76561198181641090,Recommended,253250,23818855,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jansson.alex.m,"Early accessIt's rather fun, and you loose track of time. I easily get bored, fast, and even if I restart ""my journey"" with these hearthlings over and over (because something in the game didn't work out like I wanted to) I don't get bored - I can restart the game 10 times and it's as fun as the first time, tho it does say something, that I have to restart it 10 times...The good-It's easy to understand how to do things, as there are no instructions or learn-how-to-play-guides in the game.-Fun animations and rather good design. It's like a better version of MInecraft with more characters (several Hearthlings)-It doesn't take time to acheive certain goals you set. There are no goals in game, but if you want to build a huge castle and whatever, it doesn't take forever like in other games.-You don't just like your hearthlings, you love them and care for them.The bad-Remove buildings and other functions doesn't always work, and it seems some of it will never work. Delete a building, sure, but only after you exit and then re-enter the game --- delete or add a specific furniture/object in an existing building, no way José, you better had thought of what you wanted from the beginning!-You don't get to pick your hearthlings - they are diced, and you can't keep the ones you like and dice the rest... Same with map. Everything is random, and maybe that is good, but I like to pick my people and places.-No goals, red thread, main story. It's just  a sandbox... Maybe that's why I keep restarting the game, the biggest challenge is the start-up, after that it's too easy - even in hard mode.The ugly-I have found myself spending more time deciding on what group I shall have and picking the place, when that is done, I exit the game cuz I've been on it for 1,5 hours already...-If things go sour, it's easier to restart than to fix the tragedies... ""Oh no, almost everyone died! Meh, I restart it.""All in all, the game has room for improvement, but even like it is, it's ok. Minecraft gives me headache, this doesn't.***Added 67 hours into the game***The Ugly-I stand fast about the dicing and rerolls for the pick of hearthlings, yesterday I sat 1 hour just choosing the group. Now THAT gives me headache! Why not a sum of stats that I can hand out?-I have also found out, I have no idea what stats is best for each job. I mean, the herbalist, is that really some physical work or might it need high mental abilities figuring out recipies or is that ""I'm one with nature"" and need spirit? I understand with the trapper that if I don't want ""pets"" it should be a hearthling with low spirit, but does that mean that it wont spawn as much critters around?-67 hours in and I still can't figure some stuff out, does curtains buff the mood, what job requires what stats, why does the lake empty as soon as I build a mote?!***Added 165 hours into the game***I still play it! Some things have been sorted out but I will still nag about the dicing of the hearthlings. I Just added the mod for archipelago... It's definitely something to check out.Still recommend this game and tho I replayed each scenario several times with the hope of different outcomes - I still love it."
76561198010904344,Recommended,253250,23723967,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,VedQiilaan,After a few hours of play i think this game is very promising but has bugs which has caused me to quit towns multiple times. main game breaking bug is when the workers stop building a building leaving scaffolding and a half made building in your city with no way of deleting the half done building. Once these have been fixed and further content is added i see myself spending hours designing cities and defenses.
,Recommended,253250,27417869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,无名圣骑士,有的时候你会幻想一个游戏完成时会是什么样子，那时候可以后悔的大概就是自己没能感受到开发它的乐趣。
76561198018259154,Recommended,253250,32956186,Posted: 28 June,all,Chista,"I really love this game a lot, the game keeps being interesting even if I start over a lot. The graphics are charming and the story is a bit of a challenge, but not frustratingly so. There's a few mods that allow slightly expanding the gameplay options already.My main gripe is the low amount of items that can be carried, and the wrokers being slightly slow even with upgraded armour. I'd mod these things in myself but sadly, I dont quite understand how it works yet.If you're a patient player it is definitely recommended, though if you like things to go fast, this might not be for you."
76561198071793373,Recommended,253250,17045240,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,OOF,"I saw this, and I saw the video, and thought it would be cool. I bought it, and instantly thought that maybe it was to complicated for my peanut-sized brain, and to be honest, it is pretty simple. I love this game for that..."
76561198083118806,Recommended,253250,23621086,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,kwharton61811,"This game is fantastic and ever evolving and improving. Even in the few months since i've bought it, its just gotten better and better! Highly recommend for those who like the genre"
76561198159439471,Recommended,253250,29953450,Posted: 15 February,all,✪Alucard,"This game is one of the best, challenging,and fun all in one. The game allow your to build amazing building with its free building system. The game is also challenging in the ememies of course they get harder the more your grow your town but there is actually there is a story in the goblins and the hearthlings (names of the people) when you get in late game they send whole armys of goblins attacting your town. So now the things i don't like about the game....at it current build the game is laggy but i know its just because the game is in alpha so i can past that through now (just seen its in aplha 20 and they said in alpha 21 there gonna fix the lag). Somthing else that i thing is just because its in alpha is somtimes the actual game engine breaks XD and you gotta to delete your town and start over so yea. So do i think you should buy the game well yes but at this momment its up to you since it is in alpha its still have alot of problems and will still get more and more content. So if you wanna wait till the game is fully released i think its ok but like i said its up to you if you wanna buy it right now."
,Recommended,253250,27155859,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SheldonTheMagicalFlyingTortoise,"I wanted this game ever since it was announced and showcased, sadly during the kickstarter I didn't have the funds. I really can't wait for multiplayer :D (I already have some friends who I could play it with) it's awesome :D"
,Recommended,253250,21033352,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KR ALUCARD,I have played this game for a while now and it is amazing. There are so many ways this game can improve and everytime it just seems to do so. I have had so much fun exploring each map and seed and building new building and designing cave homes and designing mines and everything i could think of the bugs are so minimul if present at all. I reall suggest this game for anyone who likes/liked Bansihed or games along those lines. The only bad point for me is thatfor me the maps you chose and settle in the area is a little small for me. But apart ftom that this game is worth the money and time if you are willing to put it in. in my eyes this game has an easy 9/10
76561198107722817,Recommended,253250,25837467,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ConLogic,This game is excellent to play for a half hour or any length of time.The progression is well balanced and the options of sandbox mode with almost unlimited seeds are great.The evolution of enemy NPC's can be difficult when hitting around 20 hearthlings when the ogres start hitting the town.Well over 100 hours and still gunning for more.8/10
,Recommended,253250,22900164,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Binary Delusion,"I didnt think it would amount to much but its the sims meets mincraft in a very basic way, Which sounds bad but really its got some charm to it its a nice little sit back and relax game you can play while other things are going on which is nice it doesnt need 100 of your concentration but when you can focus on it you can get alot done. the coding has a few issues still. workers will get stuck and not move then die from starvation so it is a work in progress but where it is now is saying something good for its potential"
,Recommended,253250,23091931,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,>>>PigeOn_LateRaL<<<,"I've had this game for about six months now. Enjoyed it a lot ! This game is brilliant and is kind of  defining a new game ""genre"" with it's unsual mix. Minecraft, Final Fantasy Tactics, real-time strategy with complex economy and yet... a significant touch of RPG. You really have to try it in order to understand the thin line on which the devs are refining the new concept. One of the best thing is probably it's adaptability. The game let you choose without asking or inteferring if you want to focus on building peacefully or on the adventure and the fighting... or both. You don't have to developp and max every job tree available, yet you can try and face a really interesting challenge.BUT... I'm beginning to be bored. Maybe it's the fact that the game developped so fast during the first months... now the last 2 alphas we're about the building system. But everytime I come back and try and lunch a new game to see if the bugs in the building system got rid of... I just face the same fact : those scaffolding are driving me mad ! It's still impossible to build a decent 10x14 blocs, 2 floors house without having those staying on the stairs inside or on the walls or on the cliffs or...whatever... Are the devs going to clear this bug definitely one day ?"
,Recommended,253250,23199812,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,mahnammejehf,I would recomend this game LATER ON. It needs SO much work but is a good game. The AI if buggy AF. I had 3 workers (my only workers) Idle while some guy needed a ladder to get out of a hole and needed to place the weevers workshops. So guy died and i quit that save. AI first devs. PLEASE fix the AI first.
,Recommended,253250,23013568,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Zaylen99,I am in love with this game!!! If you have been thinking about getting it and have the money support the devs! This game is going to go places I just know it. Sims city with a RPG feel can't get enough will be playing for a long time to come!
76561198054594073,Recommended,253250,20753042,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,UselessPotato,Addictve and Adorable
76561198151669258,Recommended,253250,26508138,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Deflix,Amazing game!
76561198121052572,Recommended,253250,23387847,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cdnrednek77,"Great game but could you add multiplayer so like there could be like one world and multiple tribes that can defend, attack, trade and build together?"
,Not Recommended,253250,19537656,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Shadowprints,"Fun in concept but garbage in reality, the AI is crap and often abandons jobs or mining sites for no reason and you gotta struggle trying to figure out a way to get them to clear that piece of land or finish building a certain building. And often they will refuse to remove the structures no matter how many times you command them to remove it. Only hope at that point is to start a new game or have a village that looks half abandoned.So it's all inconvenientWhen the game actually works, it works well, but until it's updated futher it's not really something I'd reccomend, the games description and screenshots hype it up a lot more than it needs to be, as do the reviews. The game will be fixed in a matter of decades, early access games have a habbit of not being completed or living up to the real potential or hype, like most kickstarter campaigns.tldr; gay game"
76561198151573774,Recommended,253250,19353318,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ShakespeareGirl14,"A cute little game. The art and play style are very endearing very quickly, and it's a good way to spend a few hours relaxing. My only real complaint is that ATM, it's somewhat limited and repetitive. I hope to eventually see some greater variety in building types, not just living and eating spaces, and maybe some more goals you have to meet in order to gain your next villager. But overall, I'd recommend this even if you don't like Early Access games. This is one that gets better and more interesting with each new build."
,Recommended,253250,23115125,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GeneralCDJ,"I've been playing this for some time and have seen it grow, I'm pretty sure they have one of the best concepts and the developers regularly post and update."
76561198008544275,Recommended,253250,21058426,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,demanchild117,Can't wait for updates!
76561198046690305,Recommended,253250,25008831,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,JokarGirl,"I have played stonehearth every now and again for a long time.If you asked me when I first got the game I would have said no, but the game has come a long way!This is in the core exactly what you'd want from a settlement city builder.You choose how you want to play, do you want to be creative? or create a strong military and fight monsters?The gameplay is great, and the building tools have improved a lot! There are still ocacional bugs and script errors, but it is way better than it used to be. Though I still hope for more optimization in the future. My computer is a decent pc, but since I have had a lot of problems with it because of age I'm not sure if this is true for other people. But around 20 villagers I start to get a fair bit of lag. I am sure a better computer would allow atleast 30 or 35. But don't go hoping for a massive village of 100 people with tons of activity.This is a slow paced relaxing game, that can be either challanging or creative, depending on how you play."
,Not Recommended,253250,20315812,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,iiTzAvinli909G,"Its a okay game for sure but the game don't do the stuff u want them to do.1st thing those little people don't is carry almost anything or everything to storage I have finish my buildings, digging,  hunting, and farming. But they they just leave it behind fastforwarding or use using normal speed 15 days later barly any thing is in storage I got the space but more than 7/8 is not in storage.2nd issue process of making custom building. You see the list builds there only 4 options and want to make a better build so making it and guess what u want to remove a piece because it looks or mistake (this part already placed were u dont want to undo) guess what can't and forced to deal with it or remove the whole building build it again. Part 2 of 2nd issue Okay everythings done you have just finished build but wait a sec weres the finish build button aprently the game doest want the keep the button hay game make sure that button is always avliable.3rd building there are 2 issues in building that seen constintly they build it but then won't build it even though i haven't pause(and of course this is after days of waiting) then forced to cancel it and rebuild it again. The part 2 of 3rd issue is that when they build they put up those ladders and wooden platforms right and they dont remove it so i got a build with stuff that i cant even remove.This is after 14.7 hours of game time and this issues i've encontered so far the game crashing seems to be a issue also but its not to constint. So develpers work on the game more."
,Recommended,253250,21513574,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,???,"Several of the helpful positive reviews used the word Metroidvania to describe this game, and that set a certain expectation. I was very quickly disappointed, as the gameplay is basically ""exploring"" empty cooridors with the occassional environmental hazard or upgrade until you reach the next boss. What these reviewers meant by ""Metroidvania"" was true in only the barest sense: get new weaponry -> use to open path to next boss."
76561198237053180,Recommended,253250,21351044,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BDWayne,"Its a great game, but can there be a steamworkshop for this so the game can be better."
,Recommended,253250,17423833,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,i got my old skools and thrasher,"Very good concept for the game. I enjoy playing it.However, this game still needs a lot of work. I understand it's and early acess game and am glad that the devs are working on it. Some problems I have are the fact that some buildings have random logs on them, the landscape is really harsh (its a sharp cliff everywhere, no hills). The townspeople sometimes forget what they are doing and just go do something else. I know these will be fixed though and strongly urge everyone to buy this game!"
76561198038468252,Recommended,253250,19978259,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ScaryBear,It's a really satisfying and cute village management sim. I just wish I knew how to optimize the performance better. I don't know why it's so intensive. Still a great game.
76561198191849530,Recommended,253250,19848346,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jj,its a awesome game but for some reason i think it might be a bug my game is saying not responding i have a hp and its a pretty decient 1 i can play ark but it keeps saying not responding and i can still hear music
,Recommended,253250,20047425,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Icemonkey™,"I feel it needs a bit more of a tutorial to fully get a grip on how to play, but after that it's very good at its current state. I just hope they keep making updates until its done, unlike most early access games. (Please devs don't let me down)"
,Recommended,253250,29107081,Posted: 7 January,all,"New Player, Be Nice","TLDR:Game I thought I wouldn't like because I've never played Minecraft, but ended up falling in love with it. This game is really amazing and it's still in alpha/early access. 8/10 and worth the price even in Early Access.My Impression:My first impression of Stonehearth after watching their presentation video was that I didn't think I would enjoy playing it. Although I have never played Minecraft, the graphics reminded me of it. I never really got into Minecraft because I prefer single-player games and because of the graphics. I paid $19.99 for the game during the Steam Winter Sale, and I thought I was probably going to refund it due to the game not being worth the price. I decided I would buy it during the sale and if I didn't like it I would refund it. I was wrong, I love the game. DansGaming also had the same feeling as me. He thought it was going to be a mediocre game and was only going to stream it for a bit. He ended up falling in love with it as well.Positive:+ City builder but with a mix of RPG elements and character classes+ Unique party system to manage your civilians easiers+ Multiple races and scenarios to play with+ Crafting and building system are near perfection, well done+ Fun quests and random encounters+ Different modes if you want to just build or battle enemies while you build+ Relaxing gameplay+ Great soundtrack+ UI is aesthetically pleasing+ Overall extremely well polished for an Early Access titleNegatives:- Optimization could be a bit better, depending on how high your citizen setting is at (I found my sweet spot at 22 citizens), performance can be slowed down. Fire effects also slow the game down.- Using the house builder at the moment is very unintuitive and not easily done- Could use more built in premade buildings- Bugs, things you would expect in an early access title- No steam workshop for building blueprints- No cloud saves- Added some suggestions to the developers at (https://discourse.stonehearth.net/t/suggestions-after-playing-about-15-hours/27403)Very Good Game:8/10I have refunded many games on Steam before. I am often very skeptical of the prices developers list their games at, but I can say that this game is worth it's price even in Early Access."
,Not Recommended,253250,20370868,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TOG | Egovice,"I Would love to recommend this game, as it has a lot of potential going; but really the AI pathing is terrible.  It has the dubious honour of being the first game I've had crash since upgrading to windows 10 (3 times) - wait for it to eventually (hopefully?) get out of early access."
76561198010067865,Not Recommended,253250,17829763,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Skywalkerdk,"I really like the idea of this game, and i know it's still in Early Access, but there are currently several dealbreakers. To mention a few:- 64-bit lags my PC up, have to force it to 32-bit- Music is stuck on combat for some reason- In-game bugs, AI faults etc.- I have a 'random' crash approximately half an hour into the game almost regularly now- Several GUI errors, clicks don't go where you want them etcI really like it, and if these errors were weede out, it would be a much better gaming experience... Too bad they are not. I feel it has been launched in ""early-EARLY-access"" perhaps.."
,Recommended,253250,30983725,Posted: 6 April,all,Crash,"Looks deceptively easy, but it's actually quite challenging.You'll definitely lose track of time playing this game"
,Recommended,253250,16655893,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Count Wulfric,"This game is much better than any part of The Settlers, to say more, you can have Your own Dungeon Keeper, and a lot more here. Don't care about alpha stage, it's already great and full of content, (much more than ""fully"" released Banished).Im playing from late 80's and can recommend this great game! 10/10Go dig and build, manage and defend, harvest, grow, live and prosper!STONEHEARTH is great game already."
76561198083312337,Not Recommended,253250,29609539,Posted: 31 January,all,auox,"i like the game but do not buy it right now. the ai is horrible. they dont finish building, if i manuly place windows or doors and put them a bit off i cant pick it back up, beacuse the ai wont put down doors for some reason. i woud like to see them work on the ai and stop working on new stuff. i cant even explore the whole game beacuse buildings dont get finishd.Also the building not finshing has benn around for 2 years and they still havent fixed it"
,Not Recommended,253250,26020749,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,thancock223,"Man do I want to like this game... I mean I really really do but... I just can't recommend it in its current state at its current price tag. There are some good things worth mentioning about this game like the music and the design your own buildings aspect. But you just sort of run out of things to do or things start feeling repetetive about 8 hours in. Most game destroying bugs are fixed at this point but for $25, I would at least wait several updates. Spend the extra $5 and get Rimworld in the meantime."
76561198286093277,Recommended,253250,31997870,Posted: 27 May,all,Jsandtrooper,It was that city builder game that brought it to a whole new level
76561198011597778,Not Recommended,253250,20263735,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Noosebrother,"I might change this with further updates but as of now i wouldn't reccomend getting this.When i bought this i thought it would be a bit like a minecrafty version of Rimworld but its not really.It's like rimworld but 1. the ai storyteller isn't trying to actively kill you ( a plus ) and 2. the building is realy realy horrible.Everything and i mean everything is made using that new building button, so you end up with roads counting as a building.Don't even get me started at making 2 floors or more.. i can't figure out how to make stairs at all, even though you think it would just be block on block right? not in this game.So what i do is i go into the mountain and make cave dwellings. this works rather well. Untill the lack of optimalisation kicks you in the teeth.All in all it looks nice and it's fun to play but until they do some major optimising and some work on the building aspect i say go play Rimworld instead. It's not threedee and looks a lot like prison architect ( and last time i checked also still in alpha ) but at least the reason why your settlement dies out is because the game actively kills you not because your computer is getting strangled."
76561198105994780,Recommended,253250,19557859,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Garzionium,Great potential. I definately want to see this game become amazing. Its what I've always wanted in a game.
,Not Recommended,253250,20104854,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Blockatiel,"This game would be pretty much perfect if your hearthlings couldn't get stuck while building.  Even the basic, pre-designed dining hall gives them trouble.  What a horrible flaw for an otherwise fun game.  I'm extremely disappointed, and I'm getting a refund.  Maybe I'll pick this up again when they've fixed this issue, but no sooner."
76561198121400420,Recommended,253250,32501085,Posted: 17 June,all,MikeRobe,"Tentative recommendation. If you're willing to overlook the exceedingly long dev time, Stonehearth is a decent builder game with some light action.You start off with very little as either a desert-peoples or a feudal-peoples,and can pick a location to match. I've always liked city builder games and Stonehearth really scratches that complete control over the process. Well, sorta. You draw up blueprints that you can make from templates or design completely yourself (my favourite part) and then give your workers orders to build them. The AI is a lot better than it was, and now will only never finish a building 1/15th of the time.Occasionally you'll be distracted by goblins and kobold attacks, which you'll fight with an archer, footman and cleric and go back to building. The content noticeably peters out as you play and you're left with very little to do apart from expand and beautify your city. That said, watching things get built is like a drug, it's very easy to just watch and watch and watch. I do like this game, I really do - there's just not enough content for a 4yr old game with a sizeable dev team.If you like building games and your favourite part of Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom was building wonders, you should get this game. If you're looking for Dwarf Fortress, probably not for you."
,Not Recommended,253250,30919075,Posted: 3 April,all,Hr.Odder,"Fun to play, but to soon in development!"
,Recommended,253250,34465825,Posted: 24 August,all,The Abby,Biefy PC? Alone? Sandbox/Adventure? Yes this is for u.Not for me tho
76561198048617223,Not Recommended,253250,30577821,Posted: 17 March,all,Ultermarto,"I got this game months ago, since I wanted something relaxing and sandbox-ish, and this game's charm and city-building/adventure mechanics looked really great. Back then, I had a bit of fun trying to build a village, but found things quickly messed up with buginess, especially with the building editor. Fair enough, I thought. I'll come back to it later.It's been months, and the devs still haven't fixed up the building editor. You can't even undo or delete structures. If you make a mistake, it's permanent. This game has been on the market for almost 3 years, as of writing. Building is a central mechanic. It needs to be playable in this regard before the developers even think about adding other content.Keep an eye on it if this is the kind of game you enjoy, but I'd advise against spending your money on it as of writing."
,Not Recommended,253250,29913152,Posted: 13 February,all,UNDERWORLD_WARLORD,"Still very broken at some points. Truly a fun game but has many issues that can break the game and force you to restart. They just added a new feture where you hearthlings will be knocked out instead of dying so you can try to save them. I was not far into the game and had 3 troops while playing on normal. Out of no where can this enemy that was really tough but they game through more enemies right away and all my troops were knocked out. My hearthlings couldnt do anything. With this new update it seems like hearthlings, even troops run away more. they get hit when they run away and then im left with 20 hearthling knocked out and unable to do anything. Also any enemies that survive the battle just linger around so if i get a new hearthling, it will get butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the enemy in a second.Great game, just too many issues that break the game, like the difficulty not making any sense, hearthlings not working anymore, too many powerful enemies attacking too early. One game it was day 2 and a really powerful giant came and wrecked my village. they need to really just take a step back and look at the game and fix the bugs."
,Not Recommended,253250,30680604,Posted: 22 March,all,Rise-,">""oh look! Game upgrades! Let's check them out"">starts brand new civ, positive changes noticed>been playing 4+ hours straight>building engine crashing almost every hour>been playing 8+ hours straight>build engine + hud crashes>no warning>save the game>freeze during save>load game>corrupted♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't play a ♥♥♥♥ing hour without a key module crashing and messing up your save. Avoid this. I'm starting to regret spending 46 BRL to help devs that can't even fix a simple build engine between updates - instead it gets worse."
76561197998163696,Not Recommended,253250,33547682,Posted: 14 July,all,Shaft,"I'll admit the premise for this game is fun. Anything that is inspired by dwarf fortress always has my vote. Sadly, this game has been in development since 2013 and progress has been slow. Since I bought this game they have added very few promised features, and the game is not anywhere near being completed.TLDR: Typical early acess/kickstarter failure. They've made all the money they will ever make from gullible suckers like myself. Wait till this game is 100% actually finished before buying or wait untill its on sale for $5."
76561198009314206,Not Recommended,253250,33597631,Posted: 16 July,all,parks.85,"I really want to enjoy this ""game."" It's just way to glitchy to be enjoyable. Now before you say, well it's an alpha, so are games like factorio, which is stable and enjoyable. I don't believe that in this state, the game should be available for purchase. It has a great foundation in place to make for an excellent game, but poorly executed as of 7/16/17.Current glitches experienced:- Unable to remove foundations during planning phase- Relentless raids and attacks (many back to back)- No priority tasks (had a few deaths due to my settlers not wanting to build a ladder in a timely manner.)Thats just to name the last few from my current playthrough."
76561198065485378,Not Recommended,253250,18449561,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Drenian,"I purchased the game today and spent about 5 hours playing so far. It has amazing music and neat characters and animations. Unfortunately, I have not been able to save the game since I started. I have restarted three different times so far and I have tried playing on 32bit and 64bit. I have googled this and I am not the only person with this issue. It is common for people not to be able to save their progress. Since the game progression is not able to be saved I cannot give this game a good recommendation."
76561198077710911,Recommended,253250,32116929,Posted: 1 June,all,Eberk,"Super addictive and enjoyable gameplay. Devs seem dedicated to finishing this game, props for that."
76561198096947366,Recommended,253250,32413966,Posted: 14 June,all,Brigadier Batsbak,What about multiplayer in the future? 2 people maintaining 1 town. Sounds like fun.
,Recommended,253250,26892294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WarMage,"I like the game. It's fun, relaxing and creative. I imagine 1 day multiplayer coop that involves trade and reinforsments, or perhaps pvp or pve? Idk. But, game is EA so there is time. Awesome game guys."
,Recommended,253250,29097096,Posted: 7 January,all,๖ۣۜKemp Cody,the game is just fun... amazing review right
76561198030727539,Not Recommended,253250,20166539,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zeks.assuri,"As it stands now, construction is bugged to the point that you really can't build anything creative. Will give the game a chance down the road when I can build something without completely crashing the game engine every time. I really want to like this game, but it's virtually unplayable as a builder. When they fix these disasterous bugs, I expect I'll love the game."
76561198143826859,Recommended,253250,16475264,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CrimsonKiller,"Pros:You can make a village however u want and u can wreck some goblin facesCons:Some villager's head will spaz out, cant save, and the villagers when they are getting attacked just sit there and take itOther then that I give this game 9/10 for alpha version 10,5"
76561198131057930,Recommended,253250,16372498,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Camander-Rex21,I DISLIKE ABOUT THE GAME IS I PAID 25.00 DOLLARS TOO PLAY THIS GAME AND IT WONT LAUNCH AND IF IT DOES IT SAYS APP ALREADY RUNNING. HOW DO I FIX THIS? I ALREADY UNINSTALLED AND REINSTALLED AND NOTHING SAME PROBLEM PLEASE HELP ME FIX THIS.
76561198005883014,Recommended,253250,17939726,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ShakeAzz,"I may only have 9 hours of gametime, but those 9 hours were in one sitting.This game is so addictive."
76561198121775178,Not Recommended,253250,29863796,Posted: 11 February,all,AceCombat232,"Great Game, absolutely love everything about it... except the fact that 9/10 times when building a structure my workers will just stop in the middle of building and nothing I do will make them resume. I'll build a wall and they'll leave the scaffolding up and the enemies will just climb right over it. I'd really love to give this game a positive rating but until this problem (earliest reports going back all the way to 2015!) is fixed I can't make myself give it a positive rating. I've been forced to stop playing because I simply can't get anything done with this bug around."
76561198120722952,Recommended,253250,27641262,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Santa,"Well it is simply a good game. I have not too much to say about it. I remember when I first started to play this game, it was bugs and errors everywhere. But I did not care, I loved the game anyway. At the state it is now its still a bit bugy but it's playable and I love it.   ;)"
76561197988528495,Recommended,253250,18362626,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ECUCOOLKILLER,I really like this game but it is broken. you can't build anything large on the custom side without the game starting to break. I know people will say that it's an early alpha but I play have lots of early alpha games now and they don't normally have this many problems with the core gaming elements. It's very frustrating because there's so much potential.
76561198199572525,Recommended,253250,16472274,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,davidjoshua93,"Good game. Lads of fun with it.Found it hard to figure out to begin with, But all is well."
,Recommended,253250,17573577,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,TitanStrawberry,Love this game fantastic!!!
,Recommended,253250,18939725,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,They Call Me Avery,Im wating for dem archers!!!!!!
,Recommended,253250,19488063,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,The Maw,"Excellent, however it may contain MASSIVE memory leaks at this current moment. Hopefully they will be fixed in the future."
,Recommended,253250,20043877,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,VLC Media Player,"fun game, kinda like banished"
76561198035693272,Recommended,253250,20552775,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sentry-san,"I really like this game expessially the building system, the sky is your only limit (and maybe a few auto saves). Stone hearth has really nice features that are added to the game expessially with the hunter and the rabbit.But i really don t like the AI they are really dumb (which is why ur kinda there to guid them) my Hearthlings got stuck on the roof even though i built a ladder so they could get down.Still in the end it is a really good game I kind of want more updates that are constant since it did say it will be in early access for 8 to 12 months"
,Recommended,253250,23554654,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gr8pboy,"Its a cute little ""banished"" type game. Set up jobs for your people to follow, build houses, mine and fell trees. Its a very nice game, after they improved ai so you can have more that 24 people it got a lot better, since most of the ""goal"" as it were, is to get more people."
,Recommended,253250,23559446,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Squidcake,"This is a great game, but make sure you have a computer capable to run It."
,Recommended,253250,23601258,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Lunchb0x,"I adore this game.Im a long-time fan of Dwarf Fortress and this immediately appealed to me.  Now, its not as...  baroque as DF, but it shows much potential thus far.  It's regularly updated, has appealing graphics and the custom structure building is pretty great once you get the hang of it.The only con I could see is the price, that and being early-access may not appeal to the more instant-gratification seeking consumer.It can be a little rough around the edges, but the devs are pretty diligent in stamping out bugs as they come.In conclusion- get it if you want to play a work in progress that already delivers a pretty great experience.  Perhaps wait til its on sale if the price bothers you?"
,Recommended,253250,23606611,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TowlieBan,"One of the few games ive been watching for some time, recently bought, and glad :). Theres alot more planned for this title and at its current state youll be playing for hrs on end, granted the alpha has some bugs to iron but has come a long way. Very similar to Timber and Stone, though i find Stonehearth to be much more aesthetically pleasing and well thought out."
76561198031794647,Recommended,253250,23606760,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arrafi,"fun game! the combat system is alitte buggy at times, soldiers want to attack although I have given a different command and there is no enemy near by. :("
76561197982331450,Recommended,253250,23668818,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Haradim,"Great game, love the style. Regular updates and good community between dev and players. keep it up"
,Recommended,253250,23528951,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Skyla,"i thibk its a very fun cute little game but the one thing i dont like is that it feel very slow, like a little 2 slow. this is a good game and im really lloking forward it getting better"
,Not Recommended,253250,30966327,Posted: 5 April,all,blujay,"I bought the game a while back, played it for a few hours and had alot of fun...I came back to it a month later to check its progress, and now it doesnt support my system... thats great, now I have this game and can't even play it! and its to late for me to return because i have put in 12 hrs."
76561198038830986,Recommended,253250,23531874,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,pretzelking,This is a good game.
76561198160276356,Recommended,253250,16603545,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Blaze31337,fun game it needs a workshop for other buildings someone makes
76561198005048208,Recommended,253250,33482601,Posted: 12 July,all,Akutarebuke,"Being relatively new to this game I have to say that this has become my favorite sandbox game. The game has it's issues as mentioned below, such as the building system, lag is dependent on your computer's RAM, etc. In spite of all this I think this game has the potential to be something fantastic! I was a huge fan of Dwarf Fortress years ago and this feels very similar to that, although not nearly as in depth as that game is. Overall I love this game, and I cannot wait to see how the development team continues to improve their game. You can find their videos online, they do frequent development livestreams to show you their progress and post videos discussing future updates."
,Recommended,253250,33212627,Posted: 3 July,all,Lovesyck,"Do not expect a complete game.However, I think the game is alright in it's current iteration.Then again, I'm a filthy casual that builds tiny island cities that never get attacked.-shrug- I come back to play every few updates. Maybe in 2020 the game will actually be done. I sure hope the continued sales can pay the dev team until it's done. :|"
,Recommended,253250,33210038,Posted: 3 July,all,Marlyonama,"I've been longing for a proper city builder strategy game. This one takes the cake. The only things I would fix are having direct control over combat parties, fixing the camera, and being able to remoble buildings."
,Recommended,253250,33366924,Posted: 8 July,all,Defrost,"Great game so far but it REALLY REALLY REALLY needs more content and the updates need to be more frequent with more in them. It's been out (in EA) for over 2 years now there really isn't a lot to do other than what you would expect from a very basic colony survival game. The potential is there, it just needs stuff to do and it would easily be worth it's price tag.Right now I would suggest only buying it on sale.Thumbs up for the potential though, despite the lack of content it's pretty fun."
76561198137290359,Recommended,253250,33357332,Posted: 7 July,all,RJpredator15,"This game is absolutely amazing and if you can see through the slight performance isssues that come with early access games then i definately recommend it! This is the cutest, most addictive city/town building game i have ever played.I only have 2 complaints:1. Performance issues after my town reaches 30 buildings (Probably just bugs i dunno)2. Sometimes the Hearthlings get confused and stop building, once they trapped themselves in a half built house and left the door object outside so 5 of my Hearthlings died to starvation, I later found out i could destroy the building but i felt like i would just throw this out there.This game is a great pass-time and from my experience is very relaxing and completely stress free, which is rare in town building games :P"
76561198113709202,Recommended,253250,32914313,Posted: 27 June,all,C@NCER,One of the best games I've played in a long time! Its so much fun and so addicting. Theres barely any bugs and it runs so smooth being in early access. There's so much to do and make so it keeps you busy and not worrying about any stress in your real life. Its a good game to play if you just want to relax and get some satisfication out of a game. I really recommend it.
76561198353145905,Recommended,253250,32554963,Posted: 18 June,all,Yui Hirasawa,This is worth the price and its a good game i think they should add anamle races for the people though that would be fun
,Recommended,253250,17672472,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,templerlord,Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo many bugs yet still worth it.With just a few more twitches this would become an epic game!
76561197989950370,Not Recommended,253250,31050040,Posted: 9 April,all,I am a GI Joe,"Nothing more frustrating than playin on hard... And you end up losing your fighters while defending the town because  several other fighters went to go sleep while the town is under attack. So your guys all die because they went to bed? THEN your game auto saves overwriting the previous auto save... WHILE in combat.Once all your fighters die, there is no coming back from it. They die, your town dies. Nothing can be done to fix it except revert to a previous save. Didn't realize that the autosaves overwrite the previous save... Or else I would have saved more often. But you know, I figured that was the point of regular saves so that you could revert back if needed.This isn't the first time this has happened. This, in my opinion, is a huge flaw in the game where instead of defending the town they would rather go fulfill their needs by eating or sleeping.I've lost everything one other time because my carpenter wouldn't build things... Unfortunately, when the game bugs out it can kill your entire playthrough if you aren't prepared."
76561198048495975,Recommended,253250,30975092,Posted: 6 April,all,ninyall,"so when i ffirst buaght it my computer couldnt run it and i was little a dispointed, ill admit it crossed my mind for a refund but i held ontoo it becuse it looked like an amazing game, and as time passed i got a good computer and forgot about it, Well resonly i finaly played it and Wow this game is very well made and well worth the wait"
76561198234436404,Recommended,253250,19103768,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,withwhit,grEAt                                              !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,253250,21413622,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Faker CSGO500,Very good and interesting game. But the price could be better!)
76561198228947996,Recommended,253250,21433435,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Matrix | Farmskins.com,This is a really good indie game where you have to build your village.its still in early acces but latly the devlopment has been going very fast and removing alot of bugs and glitches and also adding new feature.Its really turning into a great game.9/10 for me.
76561198048566337,Recommended,253250,32401145,Posted: 13 June,all,Lawndart,"Very entertaining city builder. The updates have been consistant and they are pretty good with the bug squishing being fast.lolIf you don't mind EA's, this one is worth the pick up."
,Recommended,253250,32407851,Posted: 14 June,all,Edrane,It's like The Settlers town building with Final Fantasy RPG elements and Minecraft textures.Great Buildy-RPG-Blocky-Fun.
,Recommended,253250,32527919,Posted: 17 June,all,lightdragon64,"Pretty darnfun!so i'd say this game (while not quite worth the full 25$ at the moment) is definately something you would like if you like to play colony survival type games.so what is the good, the bad, and the neutral about this game?the good:-Plenty to do-hours of gameplay for a single world-easy to figure out-well done voxel graphics-you can create your own custom buildings-there are quick and easy to build structures that are pre-designed-more on the waythe bad?-get's a bit laggy when viewing buildings using the tool that removes walls to see the inside when there are a large amount of buildings in one area-could use a bit more optimization here and there but overall is well done-difficult to keep up the needs of each and every colonist-while you can choose what colonists to pick and keep in the very beginning of the game based on their stats and attributes every colonist you get afterwords is completely random (personally i prefer the way oxygen not included allows you to add new colonists)The neutral?-sometimes enemies that spawn can be a complete annoyance as they can sometimes attack frequently out of nowhere and make your colonists unhappy-limited map size (while you don't need a huge area to play this game i personally would prefer a larger or randomly generated map that is infinite to play on so i don't feel so enclosed in one area.overall my only reccomendation about this game is that if you want it go for it, it's plenty of fun and there is plenty to do. however i would personally wait to see if it goes on sale before buying. while it's price is seemingly fair i would say that the game would be best priced somewhere around 15-20$"
,Recommended,253250,32440388,Posted: 15 June,all,H8DZs,"Fun builder game with a TON of potential.  Once the house template feature is fully in place, this game will be magic.  Don't let that stop you from getting it though.  One of the only games that I get beta updates on because I'm excited about the new features that are constantly rolled out."
76561198042444747,Not Recommended,253250,20141096,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CottonAz,This is a really crummy game and It's full of glitches and bugs from not being able to mine to your workers getting stuck. Don't buy this game it's a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,253250,20510575,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tmoatic,Interesting game keeps crashing though and as of today i cannot even launch it!
76561198040770844,Not Recommended,253250,17699726,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,zuoanqh(aka chad),"Still can't recommend. It's just not worth playing something that breaks all the time. it would be a great game, but it's not not at the point of early access yet.-------------------(Old review at Aug 2015 below)Strongly unrecommend, unless you are a game developer just need to know how it works.It all started with taking like 2 hours googling just how to get into the game, because it crashes when I start it.This game often crashes and I lose hours of progress -- for some reason auto-saving is not working sometimes. It's a really fun game, but bugs bugs bugs bugs. I crashed 3 times in one hour, that's 3 resets of progress.The UI have problems of the last century: key leaking -- if you press a key that have a binding when you are typing text, that binded function gets triggered. For example numeral key 1 2 and 3 are for game speed, so everytime you enter a number with 1, 2 or 3 in it the game speed changes. This should simply never happen anymore. What kind of idiot does that?AI is stupid. My blacksmith insists on putting ingots on the ground despite there's a crate next to him that only accepts metal.To be honest at this time I simply doubt the developers have what it takes to make it right, because if you have these types of error, it's typically the code underlying is a mess. It's flawed in its design from the beginning. it could take longer to fix the bugs than rewriting everything."
,Recommended,253250,17719674,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Scruffy | Farmskins.com,"This game is fun and over al a great game. Here's a list of the pros and cons. RememberIt is still in alphaPros:+ Fun gameplay+ Easy but still interesting+Awesome artstyle+Over all a great gameCons:-Buggy (remember it is in alpha)-No tutorial (But it is easy to figure out what to do)This is just my opinion, But I also think you should probably watch someone on youtube or something play this, to get a closer feel and to really know what it's like. I could've made a longer list for both the pros and cons, but i just decided to hit the basic points.9/10, Really fun but it's still in alpha and could use a little work."
,Not Recommended,253250,18739917,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Alatar Xarxes,"It is fun, I won't deny it. But the vast amount of bugs get in the way of that. From villagers not building things to them getting stuck in walls or tables (sometimes a save and reload just does not work), to not explaining what you can actually do. I designed an amazing house for instance, clicked ""build"". Nothing. Nothing at all. Nobody doing anything.The worst part is that i still dont know what was the cause. There is nothing to tell me what im doing wrong if I am doing something wrong at all.It is early access and so far the gameplay is fine, but with the large amount of bugs and the high price, I just cant reccomend it in the current condition.But I will be keeping my eye on it."
,Recommended,253250,19747492,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Billy_Beaver28,Very fun game that i play most of the times when i cant play my favorite gamesi get pretty creative whit building
76561198021766729,Recommended,253250,32624075,Posted: 21 June,all,Xaimbarg,A fun builder Game with quests line. Thoroughly enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,253250,17034353,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,NambiPambi,"I bought this game looking for a good city/town builder type of game with crafting and rpg elements. So far I've really enjoyed it. I think it really has the potential to become a very good game as development continues.The game looks great, has good replayability, and looks to be frequently updated. I love that there's a building designer! The crafting is good so far as well.The downside is that it's early access which means there are a lot of bugs, some of which require you to start a new game due to their severity (but the game is so replayable that it's not that big of a deal right now) and there are features that are not finished or not implemented yet. The UI is also a little clunky and there are some quality of life features I would desperately like to see rolled out soon.I would definitely recommend if you don't mind early access and bugs!"
76561198079423421,Recommended,253250,17034199,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Prince Ali Fabulous He,"From what I've seen, this game has amazing potential and is fun as of now.The good:graphics are cute and run fairly well,custom buildings are easy to make,fairly easy to pick up and playThe bad:BUGS, lots of emwhenever someone gets a new job their heads are absorbed into their torso!when crafting, I have no idea if I have the proper materials in storage. I have to pull up a seperate tab that blocks the craft button!There's not a lot of job options (yet)The villagers tend to forget what they're doing if they go too far away from homeThe Ui is kinda sticky with no way to quickly check on villagersSuggestions:Race options, a village with just humans can be boring. why not throw in some other races with new benefits?have two story housesa tutorial would be nicehave morale specific things, I don't really know how to raise morale other than with food and bedsmake mining more precise. when selecting what to mine it looks like i'm mining the ground when I should be mining the wall!more enemies!Overall, I'm enjoying this game. I hope to see good things in the future!current rating: 5/10"
76561198115920698,Recommended,253250,17048636,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. Squeeps,"This game is really good. It does need some updates and I do hope it is going to be updated soon since it is still in the alpha from what i saw. The Hearthlings sometimes get stuck on an object when picking something up next to another object, itd be awesome if stairs were added or ladders could be put inside buildings, and more attacks by enemies would make it a lot more fun. More decorations and building objects would be nice as well as finishing the job list. Overall, the game is very good and im hoping it gets even better with updates. 10/10 would play lol. Multiplayer would be pretty cool too, just saying :D"
76561198315699669,Recommended,253250,32646556,Posted: 22 June,all,darkjon14,i realy love the stile of the game
,Recommended,253250,32728134,Posted: 24 June,all,Stenis,"I really, really want to like Stoneheart still I do like it. Let me explain.The game is really ejoyable till you get to a stop that just makes you unable to build any more houses, you can still put them down but your builders just stop building them after the walls or even after roof are done. This is the main gribe I have with the game. And even how many playthroughs i make it always comes back to this.The good things with the game is the leveling system, building and fighting. They feel kinda fleshed out although the leveling system could be a little bit bigger, it feels like get a warrior for a few days and boom lvl 6 but somehow its super hard to level up a herbalist at least for me. It was so much harder to level up someone who doesn't do something consitently like trapper who were super easy to level up.Why I still say that the building is good even though it is broken at later game is beacause it is really good. You can still make alot of stuff that you want to make and I made alot of custom houses (they were all bad , but still). It can still become alot better, like make it so that you can actually redo or erase walls bit by bit.The fighting isn't really interactive and abit clunky but I still think it is good especially the teams and i hope that you could change the names of the teams so you can feel more personal with them.I wont give the game an X/Y because I don't think my opinion matters. I'm just a random guy who thinks this game is a good game and hoper that more people play it."
76561198063948989,Not Recommended,253250,16920580,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,spininghearts,"Was ok to start, it is an addictive timewasting game but then suddenly it started to crash out my computer, I would not reccomend it"
76561198069571706,Recommended,253250,33431055,Posted: 10 July,all,Sozki,"//I play Stonehearth with unstable//I have played Stonehearth for some time now (I don't believe all my hours are counted for some reason). I can't remember when I bought it but it was propably soon after it was brought to Steam. I love Stonehearth's concept and I hope it will expand and keep growing. From time to time I visit development website and you can see that they really are active. They keep their followers up-to-date and post things many times a month, telling what is under development now, what are they planning next etc. Many here say that development has slowed a lot but as I see it from their website, they have reprioritized their stuff. Instead of dumping more and more new stuff into the game they have now turned into improving the gameplay instead of new features. Which in my opinion is good thing because now they have time to fix things instead of bringing in more stuff to fix ^^' The development for big things IS slow but they add small things into it regularly and fix things. Development crew isn't big by my knowledge (even if Riot bought Radiant) so the update pace imo is still pretty good!About the game itself:I have started multiple new games through time I have owned it. Eventually I get bored when I have achieved everything there is by the time and stop for some months. And every time I start it again after some time I get hooked again. And every time there's new stuff in game! The game is somewhat buggy but things are getting better after every update and I haven't had anything gamebreaking for a long time. Building in the game is fun, there are problems with it and sometimes hearthlings stop building a house you have designed but I have always found out what ""was wrong"" with my design and fixing it has helped (e.g. hollow bases seem to be a problem). Routing can get strange sometimes. If you like building and designing towns (I sure do!) you will soak hours into this :'D UI is easy to navigate and simple enough to learn using it quickly.There isn't much of a story by the time but I have hunch that they are thinking of adding something bigger in the future. By the time there are events that give the player some kind of a picture of a story.I like the way this game looks and as I said before I love it's concept. Things I'd like to be added to this game are undeground tunnels that can be found and looted after killing it's monsters and then defending your town against creatures you have unleashed from beneath. And of course more playable races.As the game is by the time, I'd say it prize is too high.. There isn't enough content to have it's prize over 22€ imho but I understand that the development is prizey and that the dev crew need to eat too. I really do hope that they get to finish this game and hopefully Riot gives them more people to work with.I do recommend that you buy the game... after it has more content in it if it bugs you that things don't happen immediately and that small dev team can't achieve things as fast as big game companies."
76561197961273382,Recommended,253250,19268356,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,[Redhand] Orchid,This game is a very must have...  combines Harvest moon with much more micro transactions... a very cute chibi style sim love it great for all age's ^_^  i totally recomend  even the fighting system is cute lol!8/10
76561198036150486,Recommended,253250,18375218,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ArmyGroupCentre,the doors are a little buggy
,Recommended,253250,17476179,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,N00banator912 - Y/SU,"This game is great, but there are some things that would be nice to see.There should be difficulty settings, they could edit things like how long before enemies begin to attack, or how powerful the enemies are.There is no way, that i've seen, to make specific units do specific tasks.It would also be nice to be able to set patrol paths for footmen.The terrain seems very blocky which does not meet the expectations of the thumbnail.Also, how do I equip my units with other items?All of these complaints are to taken with a grain of salt, I know that it is difficult to make games, and I know that Early Acess does not improve that. In addition I know that as an early acess game, it is not done. This is just a list of things to consider.All notes to the developer aside, this game comes highly recommended and has been one of the only games I've continued playing for long periods of time lately."
76561198170017227,Recommended,253250,17472180,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,XAshWolfX,"There are alot of things i love about this game other than the fact im in charge. This games was suggested to me by a few friends and people i care about but there is a down side to early access games their is lots of bugs and so the game is known to crash, I do think ive had to start over about 5 times but you know its early accessIf you think for even a seconed theres going be nothing wrong with an early access game then more fool youThe only problem i have with early access games is the fact that they could just stop and ever finish this game but they have made it alot better from the first time i ever seen and played it.Im looking forword to them finishing it <3(Im sorry for the bad grammar and spelling)"
76561198129932001,Not Recommended,253250,17135439,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,mybearfight,"game crash all the time, for 4hrs play it crash 4x, and is annoying everytime it crash my game didnt save. im like wasting time build and gather stuff."
76561198058071780,Not Recommended,253250,20299153,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lakiga,"its a good game, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and stutters when you save. the devs have spent more time tryng to keep it from turning pc's into nuclear reactors. but for twenty dollars no dont buy it. go torrent it or something until this is done and optimised there isnt a point. games nowadays can look like♥♥♥♥♥♥and run horribly because devs dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ optimising is."
76561198066368561,Not Recommended,253250,29795505,Posted: 8 February,all,onion.scroll,"I've waited years to play this since it's announcement solely because I didn't want to be playing a game that isn't fully developed. I was immediately captivated by it's concept because I love voxel-sandbox style gameplay but 4 years later...Fact of the matter is, at this point, anybody playing this game is technically paying the developers to test their game for them. What a way to save money, Every player pays you $25 to do the majority of your QA.Villagers randomly stop performing their tasks, the game progressively gets laggier, large majority of tasks don't have keyboard shortcuts (namely combat), you have to jump through hoops to drink a damn potion, etc.Normally that wouldn't be a problem. But 4 years...? Don't buy games in any testing phase kids.It also means you're risking your money because there is always that chance the game doesn't release.P.S. Shame on you guys for putting Marvel on the chopping block. I can't respect that decision. No matter how you cut it."
,Recommended,253250,21910341,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,GoodNightG5,Stonehearth is a fun managment game by Radiant. When this first popped up on steam I didn't really think much of it but it turned out to be a pretty fun game.
,Recommended,253250,17103820,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,(TRC)Reaper,"Great game!, it's fun as well, the game is never boring and mobs never seem to be repeating itself, always something newkill some goblins? got undead to kill, kill undead? got goblin warboss to kill, killed that? well theres wolfs now! (you dont wanna see there tamers XD)you build the way you wanna build and make what ya wanna make!"
76561198078464313,Not Recommended,253250,17452421,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Graccodef1le,"I want to reccomend this game, but current problem is i can't play the game. I start the game and it runs perfectly, then the game crashes about two minutes into playing it. Can't be a problem where my computer cant handle it and crashes it because i can run much more demanding games such as Star Citizen and Arma 3. if theres a simple fix to this i havn't found it. Hopfully its a simple fix and i can reccomend this game to others. But until the issue is resolved I can't reccomend it. :("
,Recommended,253250,20493209,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Papricat,"I love city builders.  I also love Minecraft and strategy.  The best way I can describe this is like Minecraft meets Banished.  I love this game so much.  This is also one of the first games that has actually made me care bout my villagers (Hearthlings)!  I get so sad if one of them dies.  Props to the creators for a laid back, feel good game, with a few laughs thrown in between.I would recommend Stonehearth to ANYONE. ♥"
,Recommended,253250,18405878,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Shade,I love this game but my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop cant play it after i got so far to much stuff going on.
,Recommended,253250,17351225,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,FSDel,"A cautious recommendation. Buy only if you are keen to support the title during development.it shows a lot of promise, but needs more devtime to add content, bug fixing and polish.Had some bugs, such as buildings not completing, villagers not doing what is expected... very much a work in progress with what I can only assume is very little QA performed before build releases ( Which is somewhat expected in Early Access, which is still stupid )I started to have performance issues around the 18 Villager mark."
76561197983952109,Not Recommended,253250,20577952,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,thebra,"At this point I can't recommend this game. The gameplay is great, the visuals are great. BUT the performance is terrible. There are clearly some performance issues that need to be addressed. Once those are resolved then I would likely recommend it."
76561198208760596,Not Recommended,253250,19512770,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,arojah,it's not good game a lot of bug and problem and I wished I did not buy it
76561198254207872,Not Recommended,253250,19464594,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Augustines,"many bugs need to be fixed, constant UI errors, miners stranded in quarry and no one come to build the ladder"
76561198072449219,Not Recommended,253250,20592564,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Whomst,"Stonehearth will likely become a great game once it's finishd; however, it is hard to recommend it in its current state. Its utter lack of features leads to boring gameplay, which makes its price of$25completely unjustifiable. This game has a lot of potential, but unfortunately it is hard to recommend at this time."
76561198007949194,Recommended,253250,21717539,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ace,this game is digital crack! cant stop playing.
,Not Recommended,253250,23469180,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,codeStrider,"The game isn't very deep, and a lot of the time your work orders get ignored.  A least half of the buildings I told them to construct are still unfinished despite having well over enough resources available.  You can't edit a building once it's told to be constructed, unless you want to remove it entirely, and even that task gets ignored by workers.I would only recommend this game after the developer fixes a lot of the core issues with building."
76561198026775477,Not Recommended,253250,20663762,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nonprophet,Very buggy and quite boring.
76561198163338944,Recommended,253250,18690238,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stoic Sage,"Im already in love with this game.  Yes there is bugs, but this thing is still in Alpha.  Once this game is complete, it will probably be one of my top 5 games.  I would recomend this game."
76561198117961683,Recommended,253250,18705628,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,TWIGGZ Gaming,"My first play dint go through wel because i hit some enevitable alpha bugs but on my second game i realized bugs were the execpetion and not the norm.super fun game so far and Akpha 12 just makes it better, so excited to see whats to come."
76561198026635584,Recommended,253250,18709491,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Runo,A very charming game with great potential .A community building game with good micro management .
,Not Recommended,253250,33057821,Posted: 30 June,all,Wayward Son 117,"I've wanted to play this for a year or two and only just gotten around to buying. The first 3 days I owned it I did very little other than go to work, play with the cat and binge Stonehearth. The concept and execution is just wonderful, you feel really involved with your growing community to the point where I can remember the names of some of my little characters. Tippy Nelson, the blacksmith who got attacked while looting a block of wood miles from camp and forced me to roll back to a save from several days ago, I salute you.That being said, I quickly reached a point where there's very little left to do aside from gain more settlers and build more houses, which was a real dissappointment, I really want to keep playing but I can't help but ask myself what for, when I know there's no more quest or story content ahead?Looking back it looks like they really haven't made many changes at all since I first head about it years ago, lots of talk about stagnant development, and for that reason i'm not sure whether I would encourage people to buy or avoid this game, but i'm giving it a no in the hope that negative reviews will give the developers a kick up the backside. Come on guys, I believe in you!"
76561198140524903,Recommended,253250,23811771,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,happy borris,Honestly one of my favorite games ever. Some people say its not worth the $25 but I say that with the potential this game has for the future it is worth way more. This game is already absolutely outstanding and pretty fantabulous but if the development keeps going like it has it has the potential to be one of THE BEST GAMES ON ALL OF STEAM!
,Recommended,253250,21892647,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,IronLionShark,"It's a town builder.Do you like that?If yes, consider purchasing it.If no, then still consider purchasing it."
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,253250,32750918,Posted: 24 June,all,Scorpio,"Reminds me of Timber and Stone without being able to really build anything. Stuff is pre built and you can kinda make stuff as in buildings but its kinda messy and clunky.combat is garbage.people run all over the map chasing bad guys,cause they run at low HPs. trashgfx are ok for this trash.You will max out space to store things,only goes up with new people but does have a max cap.Becomes a problemBugs like buildings will not be built,is one of the bugs i run into all the time.Over priced even on sale.Took less then 10 hours to have max pop (20)Hearthlings...wtf, craft all their homes,set up trade and stare at screen for a game thats been in EA for a few years....CASH GRAB!!!"
,Recommended,253250,26755583,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,Nice gamesweet graphFun9/10
76561198006576996,Recommended,253250,18463825,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Billysboy,Really looking forward to this game.
76561198100169463,Recommended,253250,20078309,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Loli Lover,GG
76561198074411540,Not Recommended,253250,33330505,Posted: 6 July,all,Otoole43,"I would recommend this game but it honestly seems kind of dead.. the devs dont really do anything to the game. They promised so much and it still has potential, but they do nothing except such little additions to the gameplay. It feels like they just attempt to make it seem like they are productive by doing constant live streams and VERY minor ""bug"" fixes but honestly nothing has really changed over the last year.. Once they start TRYING, then hands down i would recommend."
,Recommended,253250,32404850,Posted: 13 June,all,Clone of Lard,10/10Fun.Challenging but not too so that you can't recover from.Can't wait for the upcoming updates.
,Not Recommended,253250,18163382,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,My name is not important,"I wouldn't call this game fun. It's a bit satisfying to build your town, defend it and upgrade everything, yes. Fun? Not really.I've run across a couple of consistent problems, however, across the patches.1- Strongest problem I came across was a bug that kept the game going, but removed all controls but the camera. Couldn't press ESC, couldn't issue orders, couldn't interact with anything.This prevented me from saving / loading the game. I had to force quit.2- A BIG nuisance was that builders kept taking furniture from completed custom buildings in order to build other buildings. Effectively making my town with 11 buildings to have a grand total of 6 beds.3- A functional nuisance I had is that there is no way to influence what workers will do. I kept trying to expand up a mountainside, jut to have all my workers occupied elsewhere and none dedicated to mining.--As of late, I have noticed that most of the workers will pick an item, pick another, then drop the first one, then drop the second one on the spot. They do this over and over and then forget about the issue, setting off to do something else.4- As of the latest couple of patches, farmers will tile about half the farmland area I set, then ignore it and do something completely different and not farming-related.The game becomes generally unstable when the goblin invasions become ""upgraded"".The game is simple and a bit cathartic, but I can't in good conscience recommend it at this point. A lot of bugs need to be solved, and with the current early access trend, I'm on the fence about this game being abandoned before it's finished."
76561198203328522,Recommended,253250,28924174,Posted: 1 January,all,darkbattles,This game has a lot of potential and im glad i bought it early accses because i love watching games evolve espeshaly the ones that has tons and tons of potential i give this a game a 4.5 star rating and when the game is fully out it may be a 5 star game
,Recommended,253250,17444691,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Pyroland,"I once did a review of this game around when it came out explaining how the game was a little glitchy. But since then it has been updated a bunch. Im normally not a town builder type game fan but I really love this game. You have to use your people wisely and give them correct jobs. Such as a footman who protects the others if the footman's spirit is not very high they will run away or get scared in battle, if their body is high they are most likely to not take much damage. Once my footman took down 3 wolves without getting hurt because she had high body. Also there are specific tools, if you gave everyone a job and you want to mine some ore you wont be able to because only workers (people with no jobs) can use pickaxes. Although I agree that the price for this game isnt cheap I still highly recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,253250,34152864,Posted: 10 August,all,Dae,"Its a good game for people that wants to be thrown directly into the game with no knowledge, frustrations, annoyance, and all in all, restarts.When thats said, the process in seing your town/village grow and get your hearthlings to do the different jobs the game at this point got available is lovely nice. The time that goes by when your Footmen and archers help to clear out invading mobs , and have the cleric to heal them in the process is really darn delicious to watch i must say. But...If you're one of those gamers who wants that help. You know that help that gives you more than just the start tutorial where you simply learn how to build, how to assign jobs, how to use the very very VERY basics of the game, i must have you to reconsider buying this game. It looks darn fun, and it is. But when you've got those farmers goin, got those trappers hunting, that weaver spinnin, that blacksmith smelting and those footmen guarding.... You get it.I must say that, you from now on really just dont get to know what the hell to do, when a near ""Not gonna spoil"" something is threatening your city, and im talking that you at this point needs to be ready or else you're fu*ked. As a player myself i've experience countless of restarts even throughout the 13 hours i've been playing. The feeling that you really want to get furthere but your Hearthlings ""which is the people you !Kind of control!"" is letting you down. Because they simply dont do as commanded, are doing everything else. In the game when this ""Threat"" is comming you can handle it by making your job assigned carpenter craft something. This demands you're in a specific level with your carpenter. The only way the carpenter is to get xp is by crafting... I guess you already got the context figured out. So when your carpenter does everything else than trying to craft doors or window frames to get to this level, and he ""Without"" me commanding him goes to pick up baskets of food from the Farmer, and litterly denies the orders i give him, you're forced to look at the threat tear your city apart... And this is where this game ends for me.. This game got the fun it needs, but... A game that cannot draw enough lust for trying again and again to a person, should save money until its rather finished.People are saying thats what this game is all about.. Getting thrown to the lions den, hoping to manage for yourself.. While this game remains in the Early access process? Well lets agree that this is a RTS Survival Sandbox game and its not finished yet. But at this time im not sure that, this game is going to be that kind of a game. And thats why --> Im waiting for a better guidesystem for this game.The time it takes, the hours it takes to get to that point, and being let down because there are bugs, and no guidance too. It makes it frustrating to play, and im only at my 13 hours... I want to love this game so much, and i indeed hope to come back when theres something more than being thrown into the lions den. Im not saying thats bad, but it is if you're hoping for a hand where its most needed. If you are, spare the money, and come back when this game, is finished"
,Recommended,253250,17116543,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hultn Bultn,Has a lot of potential!
,Recommended,253250,20575729,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TexasTheEdiot,"I like this game for various reasons. The graphics are simple, reminds me of Trove, The game is made where pretty much no two villages can be the same, it has RPG like qualities of the people in your town, and its a city builder.Pros- ""Trove"" Graphics- ""Banished"" Gameplay- City Builder- Various Enemies- Custom Buildings- Regularly Updated with a Fantastic Dev TeamCons- No Multiplayer as of 7/15/16 (I've been wait for it since 12/25/15)- No Glass (people can climb in yo windows and snatch up yo children)Geforce GTX 960Intel i5-3470S Quad Core 2.90GHz CPU16 GB of RAM"
76561198088716098,Recommended,253250,34748540,Posted: 4 September,all,Nachos,Better than Hearthstone.
76561198267526831,Recommended,253250,29135531,Posted: 8 January,all,petis101,fun game.
,Recommended,253250,29072195,Posted: 6 January,all,Combat_XG  -OVERDRILL-,"OK, Where to start.Well the game doesnt have an autosave so my first 3 hours are no longer exsistant. So SAVE REGULARLY. Other than a few engine bugs and trapped citizens the game performs well. By trapped citizens, i had to start 3 different saves as the citizens would spawn in some tress and be trapped up there. Engine bugs tend to happen when i place items into the chests.Its fun to an extent, once you have a knight, invaders are kind pointless as they dont really get stronger, just the same enemies in a bigger group. When you get a cleric it becomes stupidly easier to fend off invasions as they seem to heal only the knight and the knight likes to tank everything in the vicinity allowing for quick easier kills on everything else with archers or footmen.DO NOT BUILD TOWERS IN A HOUSE OR CITIZENS WILL KILL THEM SELVES BY BUILDING THE WALLS AROUND THEMSELVES.Farmers seem to be a bit slow a tending crops as well as having a short attention span, would be nice if you could assign a farmer to a specific group of plot.Altogether, Great game. Would recomend if you like being god.  Just dont build into the mountain side like i did, hard to grow crops under 40ft of stone.EDIT: There is an auto save, im just a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot."
76561198042197085,Not Recommended,253250,30606320,Posted: 18 March,all,Jman27,"Instead of tagging this as a ""City Builder"" It should be tagged as a ""Hut Builder"" just check out the second video, posted in 2017, years after their initial launch of Alpha. The game still cannot handle anything more complex than simple small one room designs. Not worth buying now, but could be if they ever actually make it a true ""City Builder."""
76561197997861646,Not Recommended,253250,33282364,Posted: 5 July,all,mallenlane,"This tech demo is a messThe primary feature is the freeform building; otherwise it's dwarf fortress. You design voxel blueprints, hearthlings build. Construction happens with such fine granularity that pathing and incompletion errors are common. Buildings don't get finished; hearthlings get stuck in places. Problems the developer has spent much of the past 4 years trying to fix- without success.Did they ask themselves if every individual voxel really needs to get placed by a hearthling? Simplify so a similar appearance of building happens, yet is more successful in completing? Maybe cheat a little, and teleport stuck Hearthlings after several minutes prevented from doing a task? Any design concessions that a sane developer would make to ensure that both they and the players can continue to progress? Nope.Obsessed with perfecting one concept of how things get done, with no room for compromise, they hammer away at the same few problems and features, with no end in sight. Honestly, the developer needs to be reorganized, or it will never get anywhere."
,Recommended,253250,32553843,Posted: 18 June,all,Papa Evan,mmeh
,Not Recommended,253250,17165931,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,j.gagnon,IT KEEPS CRASHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198124390109,Recommended,253250,25081778,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Metazoan,Like Minecraft But A Stratagy
,Not Recommended,253250,19908173,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nipz,"This game reminds me of Dwarf Fortress. Its great to have everything animated and all but the content included is very low and it starts to get laggy at around 15 hearthlings.3 hours in and I'm wondering why I don't go play Dwarf Fortress instead.I can see this game becoming good but it's going to need a lot more content and optimization before its worth it.Pros:Animated Dwarf FortressYou can click objects in-gameCrafting system is easily accessibleCons:Lack of ContentWorkshops are hard to find (you have to find the item when its crafted, to place)Laggy at around 15 HearthlingsWhen this is updated, I'll consider changing my review but right now its not worth the price they're charging. I understand 'early access' means you're paying to test but honestly this game is more of a concept/remakea than an actual game or early access."
76561197985196170,Not Recommended,253250,33437872,Posted: 10 July,all,PeEl,"I first heard about this game when it was in firsts alpha progress. In this time, game offered almost no gameplay. So I just left it and remind about it some time ago. Finally I bought it and... Sorry, but it was mistake. Game don't offer much to spend time with. What worst, the only thing that looked interesting (building) soon shown it's true nature - full of bugs and illogical interactions. Sadly, I can not recommend this game. Maybe after some time, when they make some progress. But as I can see, after 4 years of production, this game is still in early stage. So I can't predict when, or even at all it become playable."
,Recommended,253250,24966732,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Leapordnight,"I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. It's in Alpha right now, and it's fantastic. If it continues like this, the finished product will be a gem among god-like resource management games.Pros:1. Citizens (Hearthlings) that actually ""think"" for themselves. Feed themselves, clothe themselves, the whole shebang. Just assign them to a job and watch them go. They even run away from monsters, which I really appreciate. Unless you manage to strand them on top of a mountain, they're going to be fine.2. A really nice crafting system. Easy to manage, as precise as you want it to be. Personally, I like to set things up so my cook always has food on the table, but I let my blacksmith run wild between mining trips. Again, the Hearthlings do everything on their own.3. Building Construction. What I really like about this is the scaffolding the hearthlings construct around the building, consuming wood but giving it back after the building is complete. It's a really nice touch, in my opinion. The buildings are easy to design and look great when they're done. I would like a little tweak to one thing, but I'll talk about that later.4. Challenging Enemies. Basically, if you get into some deep trouble, all of your hearthlings are dead. I sacrificed one of my first footmen to a Varanus (the smaller variety) and it proceded to slaughter the reast of the town. The things that attack you in this game are genuinely terrifying, unless you watch seeing tiny litle people who depend on you for survival die.5. Actually a sort of story line. I won't go into too much detail, but there is some interesting stuff going on in the world around you. Goblin Warlords, Ogres, Necromancers, and something called Squirrel People? (They probably won't appreciate me eating their brethren) There's a prophecy and everything. I, for one, am fascinated.Cons/suggestions:1. Performance issues and low framerates. This is probably just my computer. It's pretty out of date. Beware people like me: this game does not run at even 30 FPS on older machines. Probably an issue that will be lessened as developement continues.2. Minor glitches regarding construction/buildings. The hearthlings will occasionally stop building things that are only half complete. As far as I can tell, this is an issue that occurs when loading a saved game. It doesn't happen very often now that Alpha 18 is in place. Also, game devs, I would like a tool to move up and down the floors of buildings while constructing them. So that if I have two floors, I can make the 2nd one invisible and just look at the first. It would make placeing things on the walls a whole lot easier. Please and thank you.This game is totally worth your money.(Oh, and whatever you do, don't place that decorative scout gong too soon. Trust me)"
,Recommended,253250,25042933,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sora,"To put simply this game is Age of Empires meets Minecraft.It is still in Alpha, so obviously there are still bugs, however the game is completely playable right now. The only issue that interfers gameplay wise as far as I can tell is building, if you design complex and large structures sometimes your hearthlings (citizens/people) will have trouble completeing it and handling objects. Keeping this in mind you can simply use the command console to instant build the building or just build it in easier to manage chunks, and if there is scaffolding or ladders left up just use the destroy command in the command console to remove them. Furthermore, if you see that your hearthlings have yet to place an item there is a good chance you simply put it ontop of a block above the path they can take, in this case just build a ladder and take it down after the item is placed. I know you may be thinking, I shouldn't have to do this extra junk to play the game, but again it's in alpha still and the ""extra work"" is like an extra click.All-and-all this is a very fun game that gets even funner as they add new stuff and c'mon if an Alpha version is already fun and awesome then the completed will be even better."
,Not Recommended,253250,23522244,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kosher Potato,"This can be a good game.This probably will be a good game.But not yet - it's extremely far from being completed and I'd strongly discourage anyone from paying $29 for it in its current state.Edit 11/5/2016: Definitely seeing some improvement in the game, would like to reiterate both parts of my review - still not worth it, but definitely on the right trackEdit 9/17/2017: Coming along, but still very slowly. I like the direction this game is headed but it's so very far from complete.Major improvements since my last edit:* Game engine is much more polished, bugs and crashes are very rare.* Villager AI much better, they don't get stuck mid-construction anymore.Still missing:* Crafting system is uninspiring. I expect better from a game that revolves around crafting and building.* Game is still missing a sense of direction, there aren't enough clear goals to build towards* UI is very clunky and takes too long between transitions.Still a thumbs down from me - will try again in 6 months"
76561198292930117,Recommended,253250,23150309,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Yangkoete,"A couple notes on playing the game;Have at least 1-2 Farmers. Once you make one of them a cook, they help harvest, but you still need them to plow the fields.Workers are VERY much so necessary. Although the carpenter, potter, mason and other occupations do help build/haul, you're going to want to keep the people with low-ranks down on the worker size (1, 1 and 2 for the body/mind/spirit; Keep them a worker)Fighters and such need to be the most populace unit category (Archers, Knights and Footmen); At least have one of each with an herbalist. (For the three, high Body and Mind. Mostly so they don't run like cowards)Herbalist and Cleric; Have one of each. One heals while the villagers sleep/get into beds, one heals just by walking around/in combat. (High spirit for these guys is necessary)All ""Worker-class"" occupations need mind and spirit. All three are much so needed for the farmers than anything.ALWAYS. ALWAYS remember there's a pause button that lets you keep playing. Helps you plan things.Town watch; Love it, use it, learn it, remember to turn it off after everyone is done fighting.Always go after goblin camps/""stray monsters"" after the next invasion summon (Ents/Golems/Etc), that way your villagers aren't defenseless."
76561198133602566,Recommended,253250,23203527,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Turrttle,This is a great game that really pulls you in depth with the city building and I love how detailed you can be designing your own buildings!!!
,Not Recommended,253250,17004007,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,GloryToAlbania,"Very dissapointed, looks like good game but crashes after initial load when picking settlement location. If anyone knows how to fix this tell me and I will remove this review  but for now, a low mark from me."
76561198057108513,Recommended,253250,20759706,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,DDZ,"Awsome game, kinda gets boring if the game doesn't create New versions frequently."
,Recommended,253250,25958099,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,iceman140,- Good game? Yes- Worth $25? ♥♥♥♥ noYou're pretty much paying for kick start. Buy it on sale otherwise GG...
76561198001047534,Recommended,253250,20709607,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Splendid,Very fun game. can't wait to see where it goes.
,Recommended,253250,20714180,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ocular,"Nice and calm game, frequent updates and good support.10/10"
76561198250089476,Recommended,253250,20715129,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,spartan14143,Really good game and i see this game being even better when it comes out
,Recommended,253250,20688084,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ky,"Really fun city builder, Daily updates makes it even better knowing the developer is active within their community"
,Recommended,253250,20706281,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,cayennec,"This is a very nice game, even though it is in development. You'd barely notice!"
,Recommended,253250,19568123,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TheDoc,"This game is, obviously, a town building, RPG, survival strategy. This acheives its name very well by using many aspects from all of them."
,Recommended,253250,20035936,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Raventh,Definitly worth the risk of buying it early access
,Recommended,253250,20056631,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,black is back,9/10 One of the best game I ever play on steam.
,Recommended,253250,19928692,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,♾☯,"8/10Great frickn game.  A little bit of a learning curve is always healthy and a great game for the micromanager of gamers.  Take your small gathering of people and build up supplies, food, and materials to slowly build up morale and start working on those professions. Use a trio or so of villagers and build a house, or a wall, or a castle.All in all; a great game to sit down and ponder about how to want to decide the next step of your small colony"
,Recommended,253250,29382530,Posted: 20 January,all,Virrpah,"Really good game, and it has very much content for being in alpha phase!"
76561198038209093,Not Recommended,253250,33537800,Posted: 14 July,all,CATman4L,"This game has been around since it was kickstarted in  2013 and is still not playable, and beleive me i've tried to play it even constructing the base buildings in the game the hearthlings just stop constructing it for no reason whatsoever. and if you are designing your own building once you have done the design is locked in you can't make any changes to it unless you knock it down and rebuild it even if you just want to put in a door or add an extention onto the side of it. as it stands atm the easiest way to play the game is to not build any buildings at all, just live inside a cave you tunnel out of a mountain. whenever they DO update (and its not very often) its only been to add extra fluff systems instead of finishing what is already there in the game you can unlock skills on your classes that stll say [not implimented] and have done for the past two years but they have instead added things like a happyness system which doesnt seem to affect anything and a conversationg system, and they are only just NOW remaking the fundemently flawed building system that its had for 3 years now. i REALLY want to play this game because i can see how amazing this game COULD be but something always stops you for no reason and makes you have to abandon your entire save game so for that i cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,253250,34977913,Posted: 15 September,all,LeadenLocust(GruffGruff),"Stonehearth is a colony/city/village building sim.Creativity is set no limits as you can easily design own buildings , and place it everywhere since the worldmap is made of voxels.There are certain survival elements included , such as crafting weapons or armor , planting crops and farming food , and hunting.Its still in early acess and bugs may occur ,though not often.The developers are dedicated in communicating with their players and helping them fix bugs .Since this game is in early acess it is likeley that more content will be added throughout devlopment , so I'd say the game is well worth its money."
,Not Recommended,253250,18577190,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,CaptainJuicy,"This is far too buggy to allow for much more than a couple of hours. Workers getting stuck doing jobs. Crash reports, etc. I will update this review if/when it becomes playable, but for $25 this is something to avoid as it stands."
,Recommended,253250,19610793,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,mitchellmonterosso,"I never write reviews. But when a game has so much potential, I feel as though people should know. Obviously, it's in Early Access and not everything is perfect. But what is there is something to be proud of. Even for a small game, everything feels warm and happy and I feel this game will most certainly grow to something larger than it already is. I seriously recommend this game even if the price is a bit high. It's totally worth it."
76561198204810295,Not Recommended,253250,19581836,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jygantic,"Sadly I dont think the makers can get this game right, the mechanics work for some thing and not for others, this game needs one awesome computer to run it aswell for high population villages, I find once I go over 12 people the game stuggles to play smoothly (Quadcore, 32G RAM@2400, Geforce gtx 970 4gb ect.) when I did get luck a few times (no bugs) I found all my hard work would always be lost at some point from a massive glitch, which has totaly killed the game for me personaly.My advice to the makers would be ""Try alot harder""My advice to anyone wanting to buy this game, dont, buy some gaming making software, make your own game and sell it before it is finshed, you might get luck like the dayZ boys and rake in millions for an Alpha release of your game, minimum work, maximum money."
76561198017196562,Not Recommended,253250,19647059,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jeepee,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If you are looking to pay 22 euros for a game that is so badly optimized that you can play 4 hours till the game starts to crash, this is right for you.This game consumes my all 8GB RAM and lags like hell. Developer please, fix this issue. I can play Fallout 4 and Star Wars Battlefront with full graphics, but with this Minecraft graphic game it crashes? Are you serious?"
76561198072583081,Not Recommended,253250,19648491,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jorji Costava,"Good lord, the bugs. This isn't a game when it crashes every fifteen minutes. Uses 4+GB of RAM when you get up to 25 citizens, literally more than late-game Civ.Sorry I bought it. Hopefully things get better with subsequent releases and moving out of alpha. Don't buy it yet, though. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,253250,19660261,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fulcrum,"Game has promise, but quite buggy still. Wait for release."
76561198092658651,Recommended,253250,19680585,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TurtleGirl,Amazing game and an amazing community! 10/10 would recommend!
,Recommended,253250,20007984,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scrubastian,"One of the greatest community forums I've been on (as on the time of this review). The devs of this game actively update this game. Not much content right now, but the game has so much potential."
,Recommended,253250,18050085,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shojun94,Unbelievably good game! Amazing promise and the feeling of being inside a quaint world where you are god :)
76561198142311002,Recommended,253250,28969138,Posted: 3 January,all,★PowerfulPanzer★,"good game, can have a lot of fun with it. the people can get stuck when building tho... other that that good game"
76561198196013815,Recommended,253250,28992851,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr J,"this is like a rts version of minecraft without the 12 year old kids, great time killer and can make some awesome stuff"
,Recommended,253250,29032218,Posted: 5 January,all,Spoopy Furry,"This is currently my favorite game. Really this game is amazing, the character models are amazing, the music is amazing, and the gameplay is FANTASTIC!!!! The one thing I wish they would add to this game is a way to click one of the amazingly designed citizens and enter some kind of first person mode to see what the town is like in thier eyes."
,Recommended,253250,29176706,Posted: 10 January,all,Darqueshadow,"loving the game, enjoying designing of the buildings. can't wait to see how the game will end up"
76561197979983561,Recommended,253250,29166922,Posted: 10 January,all,OnionCritics,"Totally addicting. I just hope they add more content, but ofcourse they will!"
,Not Recommended,253250,16891852,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Falco,Constant crashes keep me from playing. I bought the game the same time as a friend. he runs it fine and i constantly crash to the point where the game is unplayable
,Not Recommended,253250,16841553,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Azure,"Sure it's a good game, and it's early access, but once you get past your first 10 nights or so, you begin to question the goal of the game. There aren't a lot of features in it's current state (again, I know it's early access) and this caused me to get very bored with the game almost instantly.I can't imagine the devs adding something that makes the gameplay interesting enough to warrant the $25 pricetag. They would have to add a whole new game element or something.6/10 at most, it got very very boring rather quickly. If I put more hours in and change my mind, I might update this review."
76561198203135639,Recommended,253250,25095102,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Forgesmith1,It is a good game. The amount of people in your town should be reasd from 20.Unles I just haven't gotten to a point were I can hav more than 20 peple in my town and the attacks on your town should not be so often. But uter than that it is a good game.
76561198128511011,Recommended,253250,28576696,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,wolfwiththeredcollar,"A cool city builder, Survival game"
76561198351310735,Recommended,253250,35129256,Posted: 22 September,all,Spoopy Filbert Happy Halloween!,"Worth the 25 USD, try to keep your farms away from the houses so that the light the houses create don't lag your game to hell"
76561198353583879,Recommended,253250,34818393,Posted: 8 September,all,Chaos Eclispe,Even though this game mite get boring at times its still a very good and fun game building your own kingdom is just so satisfing
76561198036226709,Not Recommended,253250,17952620,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Loki,After my 7th crash in a row im calling it. If the game cannot run for more than 2 minutes without crashing its not worth the money I put into it... Huge dissapointment.
,Not Recommended,253250,25468166,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Caldinda,"Currently running the Alpha 18 build, game is heavily buggy when it comes to building, to the point that within the first major building I start, game bugs and can no longer build in the current game, even save/load wont fix it, must start a new game, and wait for it to happen again there. Very frustrating to have happen in a game that revolves around free form building. Another problem with building is hearthlings building up higher than the scaffolding is leaving them stuck up on some high peak waiting for someone to either build up to them or for you to make them a ladder. If you dont baby them, you could end up with multiple, or even all of your hearthlings stuck up there forcing you to use console commands to make ladders to save them.Currently the enemy difficulty peaks out very early, once you get 2 clerics along with 1-2 knights and 1+ archer combat just fades out. In other words, a leveled up blacksmith means you win. Archers never want to defend high ground and will always run to the enemys level and fight them there. No establishing patrol routes, only defend locations.Another bug I have found that seems to be constant lately is the starving of my hearthlings, they will have 0 tasks other than harvest food and will just stand around and starve to death instead of gathering the food.Game has amazing potential, the mod community is growing and has some good ideas and the devs seem to care and are constantly trying to improve things. But with the current build problems and building be a core part of the game, I wouldnt recommend paying for this game until its more consistently functional."
76561198055503593,Not Recommended,253250,22852218,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jfen,"Too much ""good enough"" programming in this product.The building editor stops working when Hearthlings try to build user defined buildings.  Well if the user sticks to premade buildings or just uses walls instead of slabs they will be fine.  Good enough for early access.Hearthlings can't mind direclty overhead on a ladder.  Well if the user sticks to the blocks in front of them they will be fine.  Good enough for early access.The user can't select on the verticle plane.  Well they can select the horizontal plane.  Good enough for early access.....etc.I get that the devs want to put in more features, but the current features should work or at least not introduce frustration to the user.  Right now I'm quitting on playing this game for the moment.  Its just not good enough to spend my time on or, really, the asking price they want.Stonehearth is getting a provisional down vote.   Fix the above in the next update and the game would be worth playing and buying."
,Not Recommended,253250,17942694,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hellbeholder,"I'm sorry to say, but I simply can't recommend this game yet.While the design and presentation is really charming and cute, which makes it just fun to look at, the game has too many bugs. I purchased it shortly after it's EA release and it had heavy AI flaws and problematic controls. I thought to myself, ""Give it some time."" Some time has passed, and I'm still encountering the same bugs as before.Whenever I try to design an advanced building, using all the tools available, workers won't start build it. It seems some combinations of walls, items or whatever are just not possible, even if the tools allow it in the building menue. Sometimes they start digging the ground out, but then they just stop. Even loading the savefile or restarting the game doesn't solve the problem.Sometimes the people at the workbenches just won't do their job. There is a log on the bench, there is work to be done, but they won't do anything. These bugs are stoping the game in its function, are very frustrating and happen pretty frequently.Maybe it's just something with my system (I doubt it), but I guess it's simply not really ready to be played yet. You can buy it to support the developers and try it for yourself, but I honestly would suggest: Wait.EDIT - 25.01.16I gave it another shot and I'm still encountering the same problems. I can't get passed the first two houses for my seddlers, because they just won't start building them. What I don't understand is, when I look at some screenshots of other players, they have super nice villages and castles. How!?Something is going very wrong here. Very unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,253250,24655818,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,MotherTurkey,you should buy this in 2018-19 because fixes and updates are taking so much time...
76561198007033599,Not Recommended,253250,17029819,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,konaire,"I like the idea of this game. I like the visuals and ultimately I believe that the final product is gonna be very enjoyable.However, in the current state I can not recommend this game to anyone. We all know that ""early access"" means bugs, and that's ok, as long as you can still play the game. Sadly, this is not the case for the Stonehearth today.I've spent ~1,5 hrs and was not able to design a single house (which is sort of the purpose of the game, right?): the game crashes, or freezes, or the UI gets broken, or something else happens. Ultimately, after more than a dozen attempts to restart the game and get to actually play it, I gave up. I do hope that the devs will fix this and I'll be able to change the review. But right now, my advice - don't loose your time on this one."
76561197983922632,Not Recommended,253250,16879490,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Popufosho,"This game was fun to play when it actually works... There are some install issues that I was having, the game will download to a little under halfway and then it pauses itself. Also everytime I restart steam I need to reinstall the game because it is missing files. I believe it will be a good game once most of the issues are fixed."
76561198008100146,Not Recommended,253250,16742023,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LiquidPollyAlloy,Great game with lots of potential. Currently unplayable for me due to crash after map selection.
,Not Recommended,253250,17051364,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,fa†al,"The concept is great.Unfortunately, at the time I am writing this the developers are asking $24.99 for a game that is so buggy it's damn near unplayable.If the developers are able to fix the extensive list of game-crippling bugs, it will be a great game, maybe even worth their asking price, but as it stands, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,253250,22109525,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,[ZSU] Strongbow,"I've been looking at this game for a while now, something told me to stay away from it, but I gave in and grabbed it on a city builder binge. I'm sad that I did.I like the defence/survival element of Stonehearth, where camps of enemies will spawn around the map and periodically attack your settlement, you can either attack them early and risk your guards, or just wait out the attacks for the XP. There are also loot boxes and such around the map to be discovered, usually guarded by some mini-boss creatures. That part they did right, it's fun.For a game that's been in development for such a long time, I really wonder why there are so many bugs. I understand it's a early access game, but that's not really an excuse for the really terrible building mechanics. It's a city-builder game, if i was developing a city builder, the first thing i'd get sorted would be the building mechanics, at the moment they're extremely frustrating and unintuitive. You have no ability to change things once you've placed them, so if you want to extend your wall out by 2 squares, you need to undo everything you've done to get back there. This is really frustrating when building and planning complex structures.I'd like to see defensive walls (properly) added, or at least the ability to create stand-alone walls outside of the custom structure editor, for a simple project like a perimeter wall the player shouldn't be forced to stuff around too much. I noticed also that it's very clumbsy at sticking to things. i tried to incorporate a pre-existing structure in my town into the wall, instead the custom structure editor decided that the sections of wall touching that building now belonged to it, and not my wall, so the only way to get rid of those walls was to destroy that building. Annoying to say the least.Along with numerous bugs that caused my workers to get stuck on window ledges, placing objects is a real pain. I've been forced to build a cobblestone fence piece-by-piece because if i try to place more than one at a time, the workers freak out and wont complete the task.At this point I can't reccommend the game, I feel like I was ripped off, to be honest."
,Not Recommended,253250,31597708,Posted: 6 May,all,CossonWool,"TL;DR: It's nice that the devs haven't abbandon this game, but for 25 USD it's not good enough for the current price, preformance or content.The game is essentially the same as a year (or two+, memory fades) ago, here's what I think is new.Enemies have been added, the stall has been added, mood is new, maybe? there was somthing similar before with food so it's hard to say, new combat classes have been added, seeds being traded so you can get exotic plants is new; no advantage in gameplay though, some factions quests and prefabs... can't recall any new other features.What I'm getting at that all that's significantly changed is combat, it's a city builder type game so the actual content updates seem very lacking.Enemies are now annoying to fight; before you'd simply look at hearthlings stats and equipment and think ""should be able to tank alright"". There's no new way to guage encounter sucess however the hearthlings take five times longer to finish similar fights, because of kiting, which can be seen as good for strategy, however now it's simply annoying for time.There's still no way to build grass coloured tiles although ground does reappear when you remove flooring, it's impossible to cover up pre-existing holes and holes that are made while excavating. Landscaping's impossible.There's still a limit to the amount of harthlings that can work on diging at a time making efficiency through population only possible if you devide easy large tasks into, slightly less easy to manage, small tasks.Things I was expecting when I revisited this game.Bosses, or any boss. Chuthelua was teased in pre-alpha and as far as I'm aware, there's no way to get it to appear in game.More environmental features; like biomes or setpieces. there have been no new features since I stopped playing.The dessert was added as a seperate world generation option which while I found strange, I could understand this was probably entirely due to the Rayya's children. Looking back on it, it would have been much nicer to see these two features simply added to one game world; a dessert biome mixed with forest, with you being able to start with both ascendincies (idk spelling) and rayya's children, then the plants in each biome could be attained to get seeds for foreign crops rather than the current ""trader appears"" kind of event currently being used.The lack of setpieces is disappointing, the stone rabbit heads where added so why can't there be more? Rather than trading with magical traders that neatly drop all the loot by the flag, have a trader outpost setpiece. Quarry setpeice, Goblin setpeice, Wolf mountian/caves, oasises surrounded in grass, trees and food, a boss setpeice. Given that rabbit heads have already been added and the goblin event spawns a goblin camp, I don't see why unique and interesting setpeices aren't already in the game.It's nice that the devs haven't abbandon this game, but for 25 USD it's not good enough for the current price, preformance or content.If devs see this, give the hearthlings a ladder animation, it should be basic considering how many idle and movement gestures you gave them already."
76561197964108130,Not Recommended,253250,17237246,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Xeno,"Stonehearth is a voxel based RimWorld game. Poorly optimized, pathing needs a lot of help, and guards cant use ladders. Over all I like the style of the game, BUT in its current state I would hold off on getting this. If you want something more optimized I would say take a look at RimWorld. When I say its not optimized I mean when you get to around 12-14 villagers the game starts lagging bad. (dont start saying I have a bad rig, 16gig ram 1Tera SSD 7950ATI card and 8 core 4.2ghz cpu) Most of the class's arnt in the game and about 25% of the skills for the class's that are there dont work. The game itself is easy going but when your village gets up in size everything slows down. I cant even get them to make a wall. Ive been waiting over 5 hrs for them to hang 2 doors. Give this game some time to flush out everything. Should be good if they fix the bugs(there is a lot of them atm) and do some real optimization."
76561198033612973,Not Recommended,253250,17097736,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Oompas00,Cons-Bad AI-Interface crashes-Engine crashes-Needs more prebuilt houses-Animation glitches (herthlings heads end up in their crotch)-Need reproductive optionPros-Like how the jobs are organized (need more)-Nice looking graphicsUntil game is updated and the interface fixxed I cannot recommend...
,Not Recommended,253250,26254793,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dean,"Without a doubt, this game has huge potential. The gameplay is fun, the combat & building system is great, & it's just a really relaxing game to play. Only problem is it's unfinished and broken. Once you max out all levels of 20 citizens, there's nothing else to do. There's no goal after that other than making useless buildings, & stacking up mistakes & bugs that cannot be fixed. If you're interested in this game, keep it on your wishlist until it's released from Alpha. You'll get through all the objectives in a day or so & then you'll just be waiting on updates to arrive. This game, at its current state, is not worth buying unless you are willing to fund its growth."
76561197999566493,Not Recommended,253250,18367936,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Bound4Earth,"The game has such promise, but is loaded with bugs currently so I cannot recommend it to anyone just yet. Updates also take longer then they should and the release is still years off at this rate. The game is very feature incomplete and you have to branch past Alpha into dev version to get any usable gameplay right now. Check back in 1-2 years imo."
76561197986419718,Recommended,253250,25101726,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Angrypants,I give it a solid five out of seven.
,Recommended,253250,16809114,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ℙ ε ε ℬ ε ε,"Kind of a mix between Minecraft and Banished. Not much to it as it's still in early access, but with a few updates this could be a great game. Hopefully they're looking to add multiplayer. Because there is a command in there which is titled 'loot (steal loot from another PLAYER)'. And seeing how this is singleplayer currently, I'd assume that they will be adding multiplayer in the future. Would recommend."
,Not Recommended,253250,23365677,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,mikeylow,"ok so first of in it's defense, it's early acces / alpha.I played Alpha 16 (559) , in essence it's already a neat little game.Though the game is at this point still very glitchy and clunky to control.It does have a nice charm, loads of potential, but at this point i cannot yet recommendthis game to just everyone. Building homes is a bit bugged and you can easily glitch a building(and it never finishes), also combat is not very balanced yet, and a bit boring , and again , a bit fiddly to control.If you don't mind playing aplha's go ahead otherwise, just wait a while."
76561198174964570,Not Recommended,253250,31450126,Posted: 29 April,all,joshua.w.p.loveless,"This game is hard to get into. Crafting and worker management can be non-intuitive until you get the hang of it. When you get the hang of it and are able to grow your village, the game begins to slow down and eventually move at less than 1FPS as it tries to compute worker behaviours. As soon as you begin to enjoy the game, it becomes unplayable. Enjoyable game. I spent many hours learning to play correctly, but when I did the game crapped out on me. Maybe a better computer could run it better but I doubt it."
76561198059158933,Not Recommended,253250,27177943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,No Bucket Required,"Idk it's good I guess.Would recommend buying it at a later date when they add more features and fix most of the bugs.But at the moment there is a lot of bugs. Anywho pick the game up if you want, it'll entertain you for a while."
76561198061217180,Recommended,253250,21993533,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Zeff,I just bought this game like 3 days ago and I'm already pushing 30 hours played. Highly addicting even for early access if you enjoy sandboxy games. LOTS and LOTS of room for cool and new ideas with seemingly active developers (2 patches/bug fixes between now and time of purchase) which is awesome! Very much looking forward to watching this game evolve and happy to support it. Despite there being a few annoying bugs I'd say the game is 99.9% playable with what content is added so far and I actually found trying to play around the bugs half the fun once I learned how to recreate them.
76561198142502873,Not Recommended,253250,25879181,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Digitgidgit,"I bought this game because I truly love the genre. Now that ive put a few hours into this game here is my two cents.the game concept is reaally cute, watching my hearthlings struggle to survive and build a town is about the most fun I think I can have with this kind of game, however, struggling with the interface to design buildings.. having my game crash, redesigning my buildings, crashing the game yet again. redesigning my buildings only to get the camera stuck beneath a tree I think.. finally giving up and just making nothing but boring square one floor buildings, was about the most ive ever cursed at a game in my life. Now im not a game designer but from the comments ive been reading these building design bugs have been lurking about since day one of EA, you would figure they would have at least made the building designer functional and mostly bug free.in all honesty I cannot recommend this game at its current price of 24.99$ you would be better off spending an extra 5$ and buying rimworld, which although is also an EA title seems to be way more playable than this and offers most of the same concepts as this game."
,Recommended,253250,25367034,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,seaofthesky,thought you could name your game stonehaeth without being sueued by m'blizzard?think abain kids
,Not Recommended,253250,18317310,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,batosaims,sucks
76561198158015344,Not Recommended,253250,18720058,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,taurus432001,"Game sucks bad, glithes everywhere."
76561198110248110,Recommended,253250,22074582,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Dr_Shotz,I looked into this game awhile ago when it was just getting started and now I can't stop playing it. Simple game with nice graphics and a nice little story to go with it. The customization of buildings is fantastic and really allows you to make your own shops or whatever your town needs.
,Recommended,253250,22077872,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Brusali,Pros: A lot of fun and tons of replay value (even in Alpha)Cons: No end game... yet.. :)
76561198064206553,Not Recommended,253250,19858950,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SneakyGunz,Nope. I just couldn't get into this one.
76561198201280619,Not Recommended,253250,20426404,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,kiyan,Very sad.  Want refund.
76561198301150390,Recommended,253250,31761675,Posted: 14 May,all,TheHarmlessCactus,"I beileve Stonehearth is completely worth it's money if that is holding you back from buying this game. I honestly think that this could be an incredible game once it is released. I do have very minor issues but nothing that would make me regret purchasing Stonehearth in any way.At first I thought the tutorial didn't help as much as I wanted it to but I was able to catch on quickly so that was only a slight problem in the beginning. The controls were a bit different than the other games I've played but like I said, I was able to get past it and afterwards the controls weren't an issue at all.I also wish there were a more variety in craftables that were available to the crafting career paths. The herbalist (if you are viewing for the first tim they craft wth herbs found in the world) is very limited to what they are able to create and therefore are challenging to level up. I also don't beileve that the cook has nearly enough food to be able to cook. I personally believe that the chef should have the most to craft over any other job but instead it has almost as little as the herbalists.I also wish that there were multiple biomes and yes I am aware of mods. But I wish that there were more than the Desert and Temperate biomes. I actually have mods that allow more than two biomes but I wish that there were more available to anyone that doesn't mod and just plays the basegame so they too can get a better experience without having add any specifications to their games.I think this game really needs some more plants and animals other than the raccons and foxes and the brighbell and frostsnap herbs to make the world seem a bit less barren. Although there are the three domesticated animals including the sheep, rabbit, and poyos (chickens) I wish there were more to make the world seem a bit more lively to make the voxel world a bit less barren.The only issues I have with Stonehearth are just the lack of variety in general but like I said earlier they don't make this game unplayable. But I also have very positive thoughts on this game. I love what they recently added in Alpha 21 with the traits that your hearthlings have and earlier (I think Alpha 20) where you can personlize their looks rather than just randomizing and hoping they don't look too out of whack.Even though it is voxel the shading and how clear the graphics are really impress me. I think especially for a voxel that the game looks good as well (better graphics option in settings). The music also is very soothing and I feel enhances the mood rather than the audio previously set to damage you ears.I would reccomend this game to anyone to love city builders, farming simualtors, or even history since the game is based upon a group of seven Hearthlings that come to settle and make discoveries.This game is only in Alpha 21 so there is always going to be more until the final verison will be published. I really hope that if anyone happens to read this at all that you find my suggestions helpful to you and that I had a positive impact on your thoughts to Stonehearth. I have found Stonehearth to be a game where the devolopers are constantly prorgressing and able to give us something new each time. Thanks for reading to the very end of my long review. :)"
,Not Recommended,253250,23523111,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kongwars,Not worth the price!
76561198170880011,Not Recommended,253250,18314515,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,oddiemefav,cant open
76561198008107191,Recommended,253250,24461783,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Girtania,I found this quite enjoyable. its cheap and a well made game with fun interactions. Looking forward to play this game more!
76561198289166234,Not Recommended,253250,31498229,Posted: 1 May,all,rinisama1,"Everytime I have them build something they stop in the middle of it and NEVER finish it. No matter how many times I try to get them to do it.On top of that when I just remove the half finished building I'm stuck with floating ladders my people can't reach to take out.Please fix this bug, it's really making it impossible to continue playing this and I didn't spend nearly 25 bucks for a game I can't play."
76561198010489138,Recommended,253250,22266277,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,jamienpixel,stone hearth is pretty good for early Access with bug fixes happening on a regular basis and a good amount of stuff to play around with already in the game. the price though a bit high it shouldnt put people off playing this game as games have been realesed or are in early access that have very little for there price.stone hearth shows great promise being easy to learn and progress whilst still presenting an enjoyable experenceAll in all a pretty good game
76561198047205901,Recommended,253250,16871120,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Riatz,a wonderfully crafted game. a nice mix of Minecraft and SimCity. with a ton of mincromanaging.its a massive sinkhole for time. but is something that can be put down and come back to easily
76561198013645678,Recommended,253250,16871117,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,LittleBeardedMan,"I wonder if the people who make the game read these? If they do, I really hope there are more diplomatic options with the goblins. Like being friends with the goblins and letting their camp grow and stuff would be cool. Also I hope goblins become a playable race!"
76561198117517136,Recommended,253250,16319457,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,That Guy,FUN
,Not Recommended,253250,20395412,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Paceydre@Webdesign,"There are too much bugs in the AI which make the game unplayable. Your ""Heartlings"", or ""Lazylings"" as how I call them, go idle after a certain point in the game. Mostly when you go above 17-20 heartlings what i've noticed the past months. They stop mining, stop collecting resources and when you want to build a new building, they build it up for a part, then stand idle for many ingame hours... As a gamer you want to make progress but this game lacks a good enough AI to let you make progress. You can only build up a little, then the AI fails. Only thing you achieve here is stress and irritation, dont pay money for that.When the game has a proper AI I will probably update this review. You still want to buy this game after reading this? well, thank you, hope that money goes to the AI coder so I can finally play this game in the future since a refund is not possible anymore."
76561198055627226,Not Recommended,253250,20371421,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,leon,What I load of rubbish I cant save the game and Steam will not give me a refund
76561198096108685,Recommended,253250,22105402,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,LexiFox,"This is an excellent game and I can't wait to see what they add. The only bug I have seen so far is that when you design a custom house, the people don't finish building it. But as long as you use the premade buildings, then everything is fine. It would be great for them to fix this, but I can definately live with it. Also I think it would be great to add some more wildlife besides foxes and racoons? But overall, this is a great game and I definately recommend it to anyone who thinks they may be interested in it."
,Recommended,253250,22082072,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Gellal,"1st game ever that makes me spend 20bucks for a game! still worth it , why?because its an early access game! there are sooooooo many possible developments in the future (with the help of the community of course)heres my theory of possible developments:*relationships of hearthlings*1st person perspective (controling a single hearthling)*horses! for faster movements*more different races of enemies*making kids*more jobs! (specially the knights i really want to have a necromancer like in the loading screen)*and more fixing of bugs!*multiplayeR?maybe it will take years to release the full game . but its still worth trying to play this early access :)"
76561198032047535,Recommended,253250,22056869,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ShinobiX,"Recommended, but with a caveat...I cant say as it is right now I find the game that enjoyable. The dev team has a lot of work to do to get the game finished, but its the dev team behind the game that makes me want to like this game. They constantly release new content that addresses mine and others issues with the game, and its progressing quickly.In a few months I believe there will be enough substance to it to make it a really fun game. Get it only after taking a look at the devs homepage and deciding yourself if what they have planned still makes you want to buy it. Also note that its not a complete game as is and you will be playing a watered down version of what is to come."
,Recommended,253250,16875768,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SexBad,pretty good game untill your entire town gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by goblins and zombies at the same time and steal all my food and rocks
,Recommended,253250,31903792,Posted: 22 May,all,DRawGames,"Heartlings, like the hobbits, are adorable creatures that will never cease to amaze you."
,Recommended,253250,17046589,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Grillo HF,Addicted to this right now.
,Recommended,253250,17037867,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,xcookiebabex,"Game is very enjoyable game to play :) just pick a spot on the map, place the town flag down, cut a couple of tree's down and enjoy building your own little city. It is very enjoyable creating you own little town using your own creations.However due the game being in alpha you will run into many issues like crashes and A LOT OF BUGS."
76561198194157389,Recommended,253250,16465870,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,codyclh,dont really like writing a review but i just gotta say for it to be an early access game it is pretty well made for just being early access there is still plenty of bugs to be fixed but some of them are kinda funny like where some of the villangers at randome time will have there head between there legs and there head will be hugh i think its pretty funny but it is still a bug needing fixing but even me saying the is is well worth getting it at early access its tons of fun :):):):):):):):):):):)
76561198047853531,Recommended,253250,23522778,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Hawker,Great!
76561198375924590,Recommended,253250,33017996,Posted: 29 June,all,The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,Its Great
76561198003279791,Recommended,253250,20145523,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GENERAL Heavy,i love a game like this i only hope to get bowmen son...........
76561198107318708,Recommended,253250,18817956,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Agent Death,Very good even for early access. Like building? Like magagement? Like a game where you can just relax and not worry? This game has all those components.
76561198087071987,Recommended,253250,21707408,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aivars.ritovs,I WASTED 23 EUROS ON A GAME WHAT DOSENT EVEN START F THIS
,Not Recommended,253250,24450268,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Siggon Kristov,"This is a lovely game which has a lot of potential, but it is lacking on a single point, for me. It requires some micromanagement. You need to build the individual pieces of furniture that each building requires, and you need to manually set this to be done. I like games like Banished which require you to pay attention in general, but where you can make decisions through macro-management and their effects take place on the micro-level."
,Recommended,253250,28399609,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cutejohnfan(Resting),Its good and the concept is nice but I still waiting for multiplayer
76561197970512067,Not Recommended,253250,33409027,Posted: 9 July,all,Trash Can Hands,Very frustrating that it's not finished yet. I wouldn't spend the money til they've confirmed it's completed.
76561197993127821,Recommended,253250,22323122,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Govenor General,Has alot of potential.
76561198047874909,Recommended,253250,31823497,Posted: 18 May,all,Mister Daven,"This is a game that you just start up once or twice in the month and pay it for some hours. Then you leave it alone again for another week and the next week you are like, hmm might aswell play. this game is great and it still gets a lot of updates and multiplayer will probably come soon. that is why i recommend this game to people who just want to have a calm hour or 2/3 of fun per week, the bad point is that it gets a little boring after you played it in a row for 3 hours.but this is just my oppinion so yeah, you should know it yourselve."
,Recommended,253250,21863350,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jippolatta,We're gonna build a wall and make the Goblins pay for it!
,Recommended,253250,21839278,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DomoThunderbolt,"The main thing that I dislike right now is the way you build. But, I would pick it over Timber and Stone. Note that this is still in alpha and there are plenty of things that will change. The game gets updated pretty frequently, and now that the company has added more priority on this game, I think it will definitely get updated even more now. Let's hope for the best!!"
,Recommended,253250,21778238,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,✪spetzna,the game is fun and worth the money but i swear to god the ai is stupid at most times i have set a spot to mine and a hearthling is right in front of it but wont mine because appearently another who is occupied can mine it not the one right in front of where i marked the spot THAT HAS TO BE FIXED SOON
,Recommended,253250,21868744,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,scrappococo,just realy short. great game. but still misses a lot. mining doesnt go well. does somebody has the same problem or know how 2 fix it.
,Recommended,253250,23519592,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SoggyWaffles Gaming,I am extremely dissapointed. My game will not even launch. There are always errors about an invalid jason character or something.
,Recommended,253250,25354687,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Floyd Webber,"Amazing Game, a must try"
76561197976349410,Recommended,253250,31565287,Posted: 5 May,all,sneekeejedi,"Hearthstone is a fun, small scale town management sim.  There are certainly some bugs in the game, but the developers are actively working it and I have seen this game get better and better.  When hearthlings build houses they have become smarter about how to build scaffold and take it back down, the devs have added personality traits to the townspeople, and combat has become more intricate and difficult (in a good way).  If you are interested in a more casual gameplay there is even a peaceful mode without all the hassle of invaders and combat.  Overall, a fun game with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,253250,25240147,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Potato,Really enjoy this game! There are a few bugs here and there but that is to be expected. The art is really pleasant and the sound track is jolly. This is a really happy game well worth a by if you are looking for a very chilled out city builder.
,Recommended,253250,17984174,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,震震,CRASH!!!!!!!!I HOPE CAN FIX IT PLS
76561198076325596,Not Recommended,253250,33467834,Posted: 11 July,all,Raziel4288,"I find that the game lags way too often for me to enjoy, and I enjoyed it before having to fight Ogres and kobolds. Seriously guys, I can't even play it anymore without a error popping up, lagging out, and too difficult."
76561198193836951,Recommended,253250,31841320,Posted: 19 May,all,JustSheep,A nice and peacefull game.
,Recommended,253250,17083627,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cheerilee,fun game a little hard at frist :) butyou will get it.ps this game Dose have glichgs and bugsbut it is  a Early Access Game so do not expet it to not have bugs or problems.so buy this game its really well done
,Recommended,253250,33506379,Posted: 13 July,all,Digital Realm,Cute and relaxing9/10
,Recommended,253250,25298475,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Elliott51,they should make it so you can play with other peopal and so you can fight and team up with others
76561198072110317,Recommended,253250,24617068,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pixel47,"Fantastic little game, I had a lot of fun. Buggy as hell currently, crashing often and workers getting stuck in anything/ everything. Pick it up when it realses properly for sure, so much fun."
,Recommended,253250,24828390,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ayy,"I really like this game. Seeing the rate of content added with respect to the roadmap that the developers have made available on their website athttp://stonehearth.net/roadmap/gives me an inclination as to how much effort they are willing to put into this game, and it looks promising. The blocky and simplistic style of the game really contributes to the charming, cozy atmosphere of the game (when enemies aren't attacking of course) and gives you something that you want to protect, if that makes sense. The music itself is also charming, and fits well with such a simplistic style.However promising the game looked and looks, I believe it still requires a tonne of bug fixes, for example the soldiers going off to attack enemies without your command, and the unfinished building bug, however I am yet to check after the latest update whether that has been fixed yet. Another downside is that the normal difficulty seems way too easy as you progress further into the game. The attacking of small miscellaneous enemy camps can get quite repetitive and pesky at this point too, but I suppose there isn't really any better alternative, and it makes do for gameplay.At the time when I bought the game, I regret paying as much money as I did for it, however from another point of view involving contributing to the growth of the game I am glad that I took the gamble of it not being another abandonment in the piles of steam early access games. £18.99 is a little overpriced, even though I enjoyed it. Despite having addressed the negative side of the game, don't misunderstand me. I really enjoyed it, and await to see further development."
76561198030980450,Recommended,253250,29076850,Posted: 6 January,all,Tallestdavid,BEST.
,Recommended,253250,28535411,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,leviathainlevi,"Even in the early stages, it has some simplicity and beauty. Its like playing minecraft but managing alot of players at the same time.Only issue i'm having is with the mining. its hard to target in order to dig a mine/tunnel for instance if i wanted to bury my village in a mountain.."
76561198304438625,Recommended,253250,24509295,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,suzysantos1,reallygood game
76561198048621591,Recommended,253250,22991602,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,tyriael_soban,"A good alternative to Timber And Stone, incase anyone still plays that.At the time of writing this review, theyve just made a major overhaul to the combat system - giving the game several types of different ""secondary"" class for your soldiers, forming a triangle for the standard RPG party (Tank/Heal/Dps). i've probably planted about 40 hours more than my counter says into this in the last week, but my computer was running in offline mode.Knights (tanks) soak up damage and keep the enemies attention from your more squishy classes, Archers plant pointy projectiles between enemies eyes and clerics perform the role of healer, the footman class still exists, but its now more of an initiation rank for the first two and serves as melee dps later on in, clerics upgrade from herbalists.While this game isnt as ""pretty"" as timber and stone (read; its slightly more cartoony and blocky) - it feels like a greater attempt has been made to flesh it out and as a result, it has a far higher playability and in my opinon is more enjoyable.Like quite a few early access games ive played, the updates seem to be quite frequent though this game is far more stable than others."
76561198106610164,Recommended,253250,29366090,Posted: 19 January,all,???,can you add it on mac
,Recommended,253250,23747455,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,QUEENPEACH,It's good.
,Recommended,253250,28655888,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr_Biscuit,Gud game m8. Still lots of bugs though.
,Recommended,253250,17183042,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Monolith,Am totally in love with this game. Can't wait for each update to start all over again with whatever is new. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
76561198212406333,Recommended,253250,28462408,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ezmarelda,Really good game. It would be cooler if the people could have babys.
76561198092386773,Recommended,253250,28460206,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,JustinMilner,"Its always great when you figure out how to break your citizen's minds >:) P.S. dont try building gigantic castles, it make your citezens lose so much hope, some loose the ability to feed themselves."
76561197992490357,Recommended,253250,28454152,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,King of shoot the shit,"One of the few early access games, which are actually updated with meaningful content on regular basis. Even in its current state the game is quite enjoyable. I recommend it."
,Recommended,253250,29272368,Posted: 15 January,all,CaveDann,Yes
,Recommended,253250,30495441,Posted: 13 March,all,Chris,great game.enjoying it so far really wish there were mods
76561198051962856,Recommended,253250,24302729,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Respite,"It's an early access game... there are tons of building bugs and pathing issues, many of the hearthlings abilities aren't implemented yet, at least 1 job isn't implemented yet, and you will get frustrated by some of these issues... but despite these issues, which you'd expect in an alpha release game, it's utterly addictive. Literally cannot put the game away, no matter how hard I try. I've been able to get past many of the issues by using console commands to reset or teleport around pathing issues or force buildings to finish building when they get messed up, which is almost neccessary at this stage in the game, but new updates and bug fixes roll out at a near constant level. If you love town building games, get this one, seriously."
76561197998096568,Recommended,253250,23591046,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Leonard✌d'Moogle,"The game is still in early beta, but it looks and plays really will.   Looking forward to watching this game develop."
76561198036765426,Recommended,253250,23650718,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KyoAkuma,A beautiful little game. Although there are still a few minor glitches (e.g Some custom building never get finished) it is very playable still dew to the very handy command system with can be activated with Control+Shift+C
76561198048550478,Recommended,253250,23660998,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,bsworks,"This game has a lot of good things going for it, and I think it'll get better.  The villagers and enemies are stylized in cute manner, and the little plot dialog that exists carries the cute theme as well - but that doesn't stop some battles between the two from being deadly serious.  Combat is simple once you figure out how to develop your battle team to survive with the difficulty curve (two tanking armored characters, backed by archers, with a cleric thrown in will get you by the majority of the battles).  I can easily see more event battles being added as this game progresses but it would be nice if enemy bases  spawned more often around the map - perhaps sending their own raiding parties.However, the real bread and butter of this game is customizing your village exactly the way you want it.  This is the most complex part of game play and it takes a while to get the hang of.  Editing a blueprint is tricky and time consuming at first but I highly recommend saving one to greatly reduce time later.  If your Hearthlings stall during mid-construction, check your available recources needed, then try manually placing ladders in case they cannot reach the upper construction areas.  (I highly recommend a building blueprint that has doors and window frames, but no other furnishings or decorations which can be added later.)What's really needed here is more terrain options like adding soil blocks for leveling surfaces and undo'ing building mistakes.  Far too often I found myself relying on back-up saves because nudging a building over 1 or 2 blocks or fixing an errant click while digging is not very forgiving at this point.This game is good so far, and it's going to get better.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,253250,23686250,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Maxon6664,Stonehearth super fun and you don't even need a very good computer to play much of it. The developers also updated the game very frequently.
76561198025903555,Recommended,253250,23516191,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[RSA] TheMelvinMan,"It's in Alpha and it's already this awesome.For you to say, ""It's like Minecraft"".. well it's Voxel theres an entire game genre dedicated to it. Is it buggy? Yes. Is it unplayable? No, most of the bugs can be fixed by just using a command in the console to immediately fix the issue."
76561198055597288,Recommended,253250,22685685,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,GuardianJohnITA,"An another videogame with potential.Created with the style of Trove and from the ashes of Cube World, Stoneheart is a strategy version of the two games and taking inspiration from other famous videogames like Imperium Civitas, Imperium Online and the Sims series.You can take care of your settlement (if you keep up the good work you can make it into a real city), of your citizens, promote them to different jobs, making everyone of them an indispensable member of your progression and your city; however (if you choose the right mode) there is not always peace around here: train some soldiers to defend yourself from any menace (wolfes, goblins, undead, animated stones?!), kicking their butt or send a raiding party in order to loot and destroy enemy camps.This game is still on Early Access and on the Alpha development and that means the develop is still open with ideas and I'm pretty sure that the final result will become a good rival and a strategy version of Trove"
76561198275341247,Recommended,253250,23089820,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dog Loaf,This game is alot of money but its still good. Go buy it its worth your money and time.
76561198132754117,Recommended,253250,22934165,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,stucodanny@TTV,11/10! this game is a great game to play when stuck in an airport with your gaming laptop. Also a great game to stream on twitch all nice and relaxed like!
76561198021627453,Not Recommended,253250,22271863,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sir Lund,"don't know why this game has such positive reviews as it is so buggy that it does not function, cant get them to build one building as they bug out and just sit on the floor instead of finishing any task you tell them to do."
76561198012101732,Not Recommended,253250,22286918,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[Chaos] Zayne,"Still unplayable half the time... Routinely can't finish buildings, random UI glitches... Tried playing again after all the ""bug fixes"" appears to be even more buggy and AI seem to be even more disoriented."
,Recommended,253250,22481710,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SystemWarrior11,"I love this game from top to bottom. The only funny thing is half the time a Hearthling is walking, it has its head in between its legs, and sometimes they just float across the map like they're possessed but that doesn't affect gameplay :)"
,Recommended,253250,31798384,Posted: 16 May,all,Schmeelke,Best Game ever the perfict game
,Recommended,253250,29562161,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,Would recommend.
76561198328402300,Recommended,253250,33591194,Posted: 16 July,all,StrawberryMan03,"I love this game, because once you finish the story the games not even close to being done. The only thing i want them to add is to add multiplayer. I know thats difficult to do so I dont expect it anytime soon but it would be cool to have. Maybe have it where two people could settle of the same map and watch the progress of the other person."
,Recommended,253250,33418815,Posted: 9 July,all,PewPewNinja,"All in all, this game has a few things wrong with it / broken features, but only a few.  This game is basically an HD version of dwarf fortress and it is very impressive how much you can do in it as an early access game.  Highly customizable building, a wide variety of monsters, many mechanics, relaxing soundtrack, nice graphics, fire arrows, giant stone golems, grammatically challenged goblins, fiendish wolves, potions, green fire, patterns for roads and walls, taxes (not really), corn!, mood meter for each hearthling, special traits, many classes, many different recipes, pet foxes :3, zombies!, trees!, did i mention corn?, trading, day/night cycles, and so much more.   Gets a thumbs up from me.8.5/10 :  extremely fun and a good game to use up free time on.The pros outweigh the cons in this one, i mean, just look at the reviews:  ""Very Positive""...  thats pretty good for an early access game(And yes, this game is constantly updated.  The negative comments are lying)Dont forget to eat and drink irl too,~Slayatrump"
,Recommended,253250,33550384,Posted: 14 July,all,trex8807,"I love this game. It has it's bugs for sure and the building system in it is pretty bad. That being said though the Dev team seems to be working their tails off to fix things and make it better. It is not like they are just sitting around doing nothing. I personally haven't had to many issuses with the game.The game is a nice sandbox/city building game. All the characters have jobs you can assign to them (hopefully more will be coming). The town can even be attacked by monsters, so you have to make sure you can defend yourself. You can always play in a peaceful mode where the monsters don't attack."
76561198041440576,Recommended,253250,33585031,Posted: 16 July,all,dendrien,"it is a chilled and constructive game, if you want a relaxed basebuilding game, stonehearth is a game for you"
,Recommended,253250,33460420,Posted: 11 July,all,TheSwedishPilot,"Stonehearth.... what is not wrong about it? so many beutiful things you can do, it's such a lovely game.This is perfect for anyone who likes to be in control."
76561198034108540,Recommended,253250,33203115,Posted: 3 July,all,krantov,Love the game the only problem i ran into is as you developed the area and your town it bogged down so that it was so slow it was hard to play.  GIven that its a work in progress i am excited for when they work those bugs out.  I just loved that it was open ended and you could do whatever you wanted.
,Recommended,253250,33395132,Posted: 8 July,all,KingHuntman,"not a bad game for being in alpha, waiting for more content to come bought on steam sale for a great price"
,Recommended,253250,24290736,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CeeToTheZee [GBNST] #newpc,"REALLY GOOD GAME!!! I LOVE THE CONCEPT!!!Though there are more than a few bugs to fix, but considering the fact that this game was only released a little more than a month ago this game has truely developed a LOTI personally greatly enjoyed playing this game; the main reason is that unlike other settling games, the buildings, the whole settlement, every part of it whether small or big, are customizable, You decide how the building will look, no limitations, no BS.Great early access game, I do not regret supporting the devs with my 78 RMB payment.9/10 OSM AF."
76561198041572463,Recommended,253250,28883028,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Eggs Benedict,"This game is Great, The AI is stellar for an alpha, (though some rudementary things could be fixed, like not trapping yourself in a roof and starve to death when you build a large building) the graphics are great, and the enemies are tough (in the begining) However There are a few things that could be fixed, and i have some ideas for the developers (if they read Steam Reviews)Game Mechanic Complaints/Ideas:1. Unless i'm stupid, the insta wall thing could be a click and drag(Like the Sims games), instead of a set spawn on the floors. It's Incredibly frustrating trying to jerry rig the walls to do what i want.1a. Make vertical single block placements count as walls(once they reach a certain height) And make walls able to delete SINGLE BLOCKS (or in general) so you can make better looking walls, Also, its incredibly frustrating too.1b. Allow Floor placement allowed to be clicked on the inside of a wall not just ontop, it makes the outside looking a tad weird1c. Allow the entire map to be accesible when you spawn (unless thats a bit too Pressing on comps) at least make it optional.1d. Make AI run a bit quicker (or notice the enemies from farther away) so they have a chance to run when they are far from the village and the guards1e. Make guards patrol roads, not farms and storage plots.1f. There are more, but their minute1g. Ability when creating your new town to go back in the menu when you change your mind.General Ideas:2. Have an optional giant invasion to happen at the extreme late game (for the sake of seeing if your awesome defences hold, or having an awesome dramatic slaughtering of your village)2a. Have hearthlings make the childrens (And see they're Genology so you can have a cool history)2b. Ability to make a mayor/lordly job (not sure what it'd do, mabye make hearthlings more efficent?) just want it for awesome RP purposes2c. New races to play (Orcs, Dwarfs, Elfs, etc.), More lands to choose (Swamps, Snowy tundra, Oceania Islands, Rainforest, and my personal favorite, Underground cave biome)2d. Fishing Jobs So docks have uses instead of just being decoration2e. Hearthlings(and monsters) have the ability to climb two block high walls2f. Green Stone option.2g. option to have the Ability to make muliple towns (on different maps) and have them interact with eachother somehow. (Trade? war? join together in an empire? Merely existing?)2h. DRAGONS!2i. demons and hell portals2j. Undead invasion?2k. Disease, and plagues (Optional for those who hate those mechanics)Those are some of my ideas. Such a great game even without all of this. keep up the good work!"
76561198047675685,Recommended,253250,26426927,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mahr_ác,Stonehearth is a very nice game. I´m fraught to see what comes next with the updates :)So i hope u work for more good conversation like jet :))
76561198054258291,Recommended,253250,24429947,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Huyzaki,"This is one of my favorite city-building game, although it is in it's early access mode, this game currently has many bugs that needs fixing. I hope to see what this game will be like with newly added content. I give props to the developers for creating such a great city building game. I love it."
76561198043554013,Recommended,253250,26851498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[LFG]Redsohpex,Amazing cant wait to see what this game has to offer in the future
76561198295511181,Recommended,253250,28904472,Posted: 1 January,all,Seanstarwars501,it is good but it will not let me play now
76561198274568804,Recommended,253250,29429661,Posted: 22 January,all,Kickstart gamers,I love the game but I wish the player had the whole map to explore instead of the small area you choose but I would strongly recommend to get this game if the like the city building genre
76561198267653674,Recommended,253250,25818127,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,tharrios,"Ive put a hour and a half into this game at this point and let me say that this game is fun. It is in beta, so im sure some things will change but ive enjoyed every minute so far. There are some bugs so be mindful of that. The only thing I have to say is that I hope they add a way to get more villagers because at this moment I have not found a way to do so."
76561198020934288,Recommended,253250,24384003,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Drakenson,"After the tragedy of the game Towns, there was no real replacer for that game. This one is quite the spiritual successor to that game, with a far more responsive dev team and prettier graphics.The buildings, if you haven't guessed, are customizable down to the very block. If you create a custom building during one game, you'll be able to save its blueprint for all of your other games. Yay!Despite the nice graphics and smooth gameplay, bugs do exist. Sometimes they are game breaking, but the devs of this game usually patch it within the next update, which is ~2-4 weeks. Considering that this game has been out for over a year already, I'd say the development has come a long way.You should probably wait for a sale, however. Whatever amount you spend on this game, it's going into good hands."
,Recommended,253250,31282043,Posted: 21 April,all,Vetteran,"The game is fun, my only problem being that there is no way to remove a building blueprint or a built building. That is VERY frustrating."
76561198018367593,Recommended,253250,27068322,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Examp1e,"Fine game, but still need to fix some problems with buildings etc. So i recommend the game, but mostly if its on sale, since i find the original price a bit overpriced"
,Recommended,253250,31329810,Posted: 23 April,all,zinocat,"stone hearth may look like a cute game, but... it is. what stone hearth is is a town managing game that is basicaly pixels but will low quality comes great features aka you cant make EVERYTHING to the single cube which allows so much detail and estetics to buildings or statues etc, i would like to see a tad more love given to the game like idk drillers that destroy cubes and walls and maybe empires that you can make but this is a great game try it out if you can"
76561198185539566,Recommended,253250,21956355,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tim Stryker,Have to say was very dissapointed with what this game was when it first came out...even for early access...left it alone for a while & started playing it again appx 1 month ago & got totaly hooked & addicted to it.  A lot more has been added & a lot of work has been done since then & I see continous updates from the Devs.  You can tell they are on top of their game & are invested in making this game better & better.  Great job on the enemies especialy.  Please keep up the GOOD WORK DEVS.  Look forward to seeing more & more done with this great game.
76561198134782002,Recommended,253250,31629698,Posted: 8 May,all,Mo,"for an alpha city building game this has a lot of potential. i've been playing this game for a while now and it has blown my mind so far. its voxel art style is unique for a game of this genre which makes it a one-of-a-kind. there's quite a lot of content for an alpha game so i can't wait to see where this game goes in the future. hopefully they add multiplayer soon (and perhaps more support for mods? im not sure how much support there is already but the modding community could be huge).all that aside, as expected from alpha games, there are some bugs here and there but i don't think they'll hang around too long.overall, i rate this on a scale of 1 to 10 as ""11"""
76561198294680831,Recommended,253250,31657244,Posted: 9 May,all,bay moss,This game is so fun but the only thing i gotta say is that it has a couple of glitches but thats what you get in a early access game
76561198071673796,Recommended,253250,24747640,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rob Boss,I found a game almost as good as my paintings
76561198157441075,Recommended,253250,31750872,Posted: 14 May,all,elliot.abelsson,Very good game!I got many hours into this game.
,Recommended,253250,31805153,Posted: 17 May,all,cdemuth81,"I love this game. When I want a break from Xcom, TotalWar, or ""thinking"" games this is my go to game. It once was Craft the World, but Stonehearth is like taking that game, making it 3D adding a butt-ton of new stuff, sprinkling a little minecraft on top and here you go. The best part so far is the steady stream of updates from the developers. I have been burnt SO MANY times from pre-release games, but this one has been phenominal. There is an update almost weekly be it bug fixes, optimizations, or new content.  The bottom line? If you ever wanted a game that combined Craft the World, Sims, and Minecraft...this is it."
76561198032166254,Recommended,253250,31833902,Posted: 18 May,all,Sasz Autumn,"Love this game. It's fun, quiet and cute. The design is pleasant and satisfying. There are some bugs, but the developers are continuously working on it to make the game a well-rounded one. I look forward to their future plans, and enjoy playing the game as is."
,Recommended,253250,31210320,Posted: 17 April,all,rabbitkid101,Very good game for those who like to build there own society.
76561198094412288,Recommended,253250,28700628,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mtmccoy2014,"First of all, i dont write reviews... i just dont, but this warrants it.To the potential players: must get! its still in alpha and runs wonderfully with minimal bugs ( in my short time i saw none). it has beautiful potential that i have never seen froman alpha game. to summarize it, think Settlers, mixed with minecraft, mixed with xcom. i'm truly excited to see what the game's future holds. The maps are different everytime so it won't get repetitive.To the Developers: i am aware i have short time but i have a few suggestions. 1) add textures to stone floor (specifically in mines) as it is hard to differentiate between the walls and the floor. 2) for campaigns, allow Ai civilizations that the player can be diplomatic with (similar to age of empires). 3) i had trouble with the building costumization (maybe just add a tutorial for it that goes a bit more in depth). 4) add magic if possible. you could add a new combat class, add enchants or buffs to weapons. 5) KEEP IT UP!!! this game is incredibly unique and brilliant!"
76561198160633846,Recommended,253250,21160472,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Uraikus,"This game has really nice features, feels really professionally made, and is very intuitive in gameplay design. I really appreciate the effort the Devs put into making this game. The Devs are actively updating the game, and squashing the bugs. For being in alpha there is a lot more content, a lot less bugs, and a lot more polish then what would typically be expected at this point in the game's development. Devs keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,253250,31249845,Posted: 19 April,all,austin.stpeter,"An awesome game, by amazing devs. My one complaint is that if you look on their kickstarter page they said they would release it for Mac and Linux. But the game still isn't available for those OS. But still, an amazing game. Definitley worth the $25."
76561198018486946,Recommended,253250,24770727,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,olivervess77,"Okay I love this game. like hands down best content. A city builder, but you have to protect yourself. you  must adapt to the challange. This differs this game largely to other games like banished and sim city. the content is amazing. i havent even got through the whole campaign and yes there is one. Its killing a bunch of different goblins and then killing bosses and mobs. the classes are awesome. once you get abunch of people you can really do stuff in this game, design whole cities, make each class a house and workshop, build up the overall town look of your city. Also your defence must adapt. walls,better doors and other enemy deturing devices. the content is awesome. try it. I dont like how you can only have so much inventory per citizen. Even if you have free storage your people wont pick up the items. which i hope will be patched out. hopefully. !!DEVELOPERS!! read this pleaseeeeeeee. why have a cap on storage? it makes no sense. if i want to stock pile 40000 potatoes like in banished, i should have that rightBUTTTTTTTTTT Sorry to sound critical this is a factor of the game. still love the game buttttt_____all i see is buggs buggs buggs. I bought this game after seeing it played. and so the whole time i played i had someone to converse with about the game and things i knew he didnt etc, so whenever i tell you there is buggs?  My brother had 9 farmers. everyone of them idle. wont work. reset the UI they said. didnt work. the game is kinda buggy. people will sit on top of large decratative and complex buildings and just sit on top. you some times have to build ladders to get your people down. by time you get the ladder up they just come down how they came up. people will idle. group control doesnt always work is finnicy. The biggest one is the slowing down once you get a certain size of people. just because the game cant handle it. people not working benches because they are indoors. nothing is blocking their path, the buildng is huge and empty. 6 doors. but they wont work it inside. so you put it outside ikr but still. gaurds will attack people when you tell them to cancel. then they go right back to it. but only that one person goes. so he basically kommikazii himself towards a hoard of goblins and wolfves. or beetles. people will NOT PICKUP LOOT EVER. ive only gotten them to loot things like the hats. and they will walk past everything. i turned auto loot on. nothing it just ques it up. and even if you cancel all the loot tasks and loot indiviual items it wont work. as stated later, its in its alpha, its implied.They usually fix things like this in the beta. and im really excited to see it come out. I would sooooooo pay the developers money for what they have done like a go fund me? the time i can see they have put into this (mainly because i went to their site, Which is aweosme, mainly because i can see the progress and how they have came from nothing and put every step open to the public. you can watch them patch and deveolp on tuesday and thursday. look on their site. the site also tells about the multiplayer which im suuuuuper stoked about.  The game is godsend. a real challenge and fun to experience how every single thing can be orangized and absoutly defined in every way by the player. The city can have walkways. you can design alot of collumn buildings. or modernistic concrete looking structres. they really let the player take hold of the game. and honestly i recomend the game but its in its alpha. the bugs are not bad in this game. their implied. they arent done yet. but their so plucky and strong they dont care about making it three years from now. they want people to see what they are doing and want to stick with it. and i applaud them.Great game. ive recommended it to several people. and have bought it for a few. I love the game. but ive gotten the fullest effect. ive played to about 30 citizens and the game starts to slow down. and even if you turn everything down it slows down. and i have a great processor, and a 390 gpu. its not me. i expect them to get to the point they add a driver for it. and im sure they will. but Im gonna play the second campaign, the dessert faction, do a few quick stars just to get good but id really like to see this game blossom. id beta this game so hard.4.6/5 Even with the bugs. i kiss the ground the devolpers walk on. keep working you guys!!!!"
76561198278940630,Recommended,253250,33456784,Posted: 11 July,all,p.j.helton,"This game is great! It's a bit costly compared to most games here, and for it being Early Access. With many updates coming in I'm very excited for the final product!"
,Recommended,253250,24170616,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WaSonFields,"I love this game.  The community is great, and the Dev team is one of the best at what they do.  Development has been steady, not fast, but steady, with updates and releases as often as their little team can do.  I am impressed and amazed with what they have accomplished and can't wait for the updates to come!!"
,Recommended,253250,23412062,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,KJameZzZ,"Great game, very addictive.  Kind of like Minecraft as an RTS."
76561198229832148,Recommended,253250,23423054,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Orion Invictus,I love this game!!!!!
,Not Recommended,253250,33408203,Posted: 9 July,all,nosevole,"Potentially a runner for best sandbox city builder of the last 10 years... potentially. As other reviewers have said, there are many game breaking bugs that prevent long games, and the only way to get around some of the bugs is to not build anything. Given that it's pretty crucial to build, I've only dipped back into this game occasionally (purchased a long time ago!) to see if things are fixed yet. They're not. :-("
76561198140822469,Recommended,253250,29583826,Posted: 30 January,all,marB,:)
76561198352649128,Recommended,253250,33630507,Posted: 18 July,all,lv5soldier,Is it worth the current Price tag? Hmmm no it crashes alot but its still fun and I understand that its pricey to help support the devs for now but still very pricey.Side note though love the alchemist and cleric since i gave up on magic along time ago its good to see jobs that dont rely on it.
76561198107676572,Recommended,253250,24471092,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wuuby,I quite enjoyed this game. excited to see where it'll go.
76561198079422318,Recommended,253250,31984257,Posted: 26 May,all,Comrade Boris,iLUVVVVVVVVVVVVVV THIS GAMEEEE I HATE THE INVENTORY CAP THO THAT SHOULD GO BYE BYE FAST
,Recommended,253250,22488550,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,"good game, but make it less use in hardware... this game should be run on my smartphone and not only on a power machine"
,Recommended,253250,18415550,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,CurtisDesu,"I have seen videos of this game and it looks amazing but the game doesnt even start so id hold off buying it for nowUpdate: they fixed the issue a while back, great game pleanty of fun!"
76561198175723277,Recommended,253250,29913233,Posted: 13 February,all,BlueWolf|hellcase.com,Wow 10/10 This game is amazing. I usually dont do reviews cause im a lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this game is amazing. Worth the money to control your entire kingdom and make every discision
76561198065143186,Recommended,253250,25433652,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Shmebulock,"Stonehearth is probably one of the best games ive played to date. You can easily manage all your resources and the game is just for you to build and have a few challenges as you work your way up to having a town or city you are proud of. I really want more weapon and armor options. Maybe more ore types for legendary items or something. Also wouldnt mind a different race or a few races to play, just to make it more exciting. Lastly if we had another AI playing and diplomacy options then it might add a great dynamic, I would love to ally some goblins and attack another guys castle or raid their villages. Thank you for this game, now hurry up and finish please!"
76561197969350831,Recommended,253250,21989983,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,dexterlounge,Limited gameplay and buggy as hell... yet I keep coming back for more!
76561198142827252,Recommended,253250,21924624,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,z1 schultz,it is a nice game but i curantly cant get in so please fix
,Recommended,253250,30521281,Posted: 15 March,all,◤DubstepGamer◥,Awesome sandbox type of game. Its like minecraft but you are the god who order people to do stuff and design a masterpiece then let the AI build it. Hugely recommended cant wait when the game is 100%
76561198057115992,Recommended,253250,29382173,Posted: 20 January,all,Delix,Desktop tuesday <3
76561198126061038,Recommended,253250,29418104,Posted: 22 January,all,Sanderson,good game 10/10
76561198112188676,Recommended,253250,18023975,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Hatsuae Miku Chan,you see this is one of those very VERY rare early access games where it is good at the begining and STAYS good becuse the devs arent money hungry. and the updates dont ♥♥♥♥ up the game
76561197998298494,Recommended,253250,30171254,Posted: 25 February,all,Amora Bunny,Become the ultimate minecraft overlord you were destined to be.
76561198139336342,Recommended,253250,30178662,Posted: 25 February,all,TheMedevilDemon,"Love the game , I,ve started a huge building project of a middle ages city and may record it tooo and post it on youtube .people who scroll down the reviews listen to me the best medevil building stratagy game in my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;D"
76561198044519760,Recommended,253250,23847831,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Skoomah,10/10 would have shepard wander into goblin base again
,Recommended,253250,33445214,Posted: 10 July,all,JokersWild,"Well, I really do not know what to say about this game...Just kidding, this game is pretty awesome!  I have been on this since it was first released to Early Access and I found myself drawn in every time a new update was released.  While this game wasn't bad when first released, it has had a lot of polishing and add-on's.It is kind of like a City Management/City Builder type game with some action and combat mixed in.  It is not all cupcakes and rainbows, you have to be mindful of where and how you set your town up.  I think they have done a very good job of touching on many areas and aspects yet not just skimming over any much.  Every aspect seems to be well planned and added.Anyway, if you like these sort of games, then you would certainly like this."
76561198088217136,Recommended,253250,19337178,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tumult,"If you are fond of games from which you are basically the towns mayor and tell the villagers what to do, then I strongly urge you to buy this game.You get free control on how to use your villagers, and can even name the beginning villagers you get! Everyday your town is evaluated, and if you are doing well enough you get a new villager each day! This game really makes you feel that it's already completed, I can't believe it's only in alpha and is so well made!There are a couple issues that I seem to have (Villagers won't put the roof on the Cottage For Two) but aside that detail, this game is just great! I binged it since I first started. I've been playing for 6 hours, but i dunno why my hours say 5"
76561198127221113,Recommended,253250,19737180,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Captaincrash,pro of buying the best game ever:1. it like minecraft2. i said to buy it3. its a good game
76561198128506170,Recommended,253250,22878598,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,fun game but not too serious.
,Recommended,253250,22895337,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Chaotic Zombie,"A wonderful game. I've played several others in the same genre (Rimworld, Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria), but this is my favorite iteration."
,Recommended,253250,17295418,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,I hate the gays,"This game is awesome! I like it's design andhow simple are the controls. This game is recomended for guys who like building towns, expanding the empire and etc. Still need some improvements on glitches with the Hearthings bodies, the sometimes fall into their legs) I would give the game at its current state a 7/10."
,Recommended,253250,30303352,Posted: 3 March,all,zandvogel,"Really fun, too buggy too buy i should say. the bugs ruin the fun too much times. if you really like these kinda games, just buy it."
76561198103380649,Recommended,253250,22544392,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheAwesomeEagleGaming,"Fun game, cant wait for more updates."
,Recommended,253250,33086881,Posted: 1 July,all,Beowulf6666,decent early acess....gets to a plateu effect of gameplay pretty fast
76561197999701350,Recommended,253250,28956251,Posted: 2 January,all,Beauxy,"I don't have much time in this game, but I have truly enjoyed playing it so far. I recommend it, especially if you can find it on sale."
76561198186603687,Recommended,253250,34547887,Posted: 28 August,all,DarkJSOEvtron234,Good
,Recommended,253250,34670807,Posted: 1 September,all,heyofaio,"10/10still in development but still fun to play.Can't wait until it's finished.their desktop tuesday dev videos are fascinating and I love watching the development of this game throughout the stages. I consider the game well-rounded already, and already hitting all the checkboxes I want, but they keep fine-tuning and recreating game elements that make me so excited for the finished product.I love how mod friendly they are, because mods make every game hit level 11/10, and how cute but challenging the game is. I could spend an hour farming turnips or an hour building an army."
76561198055600073,Recommended,253250,24069488,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SentientTuna,Haven't stopped playing since I bought it 2 days ago :O
76561198151823767,Recommended,253250,22885915,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DOOT TOOT,Stonehearth is the game you want if you like the type of games like sims mixed with any survivle game
76561198093554577,Recommended,253250,25827025,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Crimson Alyss,I love this game! gives me a little bit of creative time if i dont want to use the premade houses instead. Can't wait to see what it will be like after alpha. <3
76561198053505543,Recommended,253250,25740812,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Merri,i love this game i truely do. i want to play it eats my ram like the cookie monster eats cookies .theres also this issue with crafters stopping crafting after a certain point.i really REALLY want this game to improve im such a big fan its so cute.
76561197962636149,Recommended,253250,25791200,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dotexe,"This is absolutely the game I was looking for when I couldn't find a game even remotely close to Magesty or Majesty 2. Each villiger get's assigned a job (by you) and will continue to work towards what ever you assign him to.I don't know how to submit feedback or suggestions but I know the devs are extremely active in informing the players what's going on with their game.But I'd really appreciate an A.I level up feature for all the crafting professions. It gets kind of tedious when having to assign autobuild x10 for a certain crafted item in order to level up a blacksmith or potter.  And in addition maybe a notification that pops up saying that in order to continue leveling up, you'll need more of X resource.  I have no gripes with the game considering it's still in  Early Access, it would be nice to see that feature though. Expecially because micro managing my tradeskill guys is what I find annoying."
76561197995765316,Recommended,253250,25824856,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LittleBuddha,"Blockstyle in a cute Fashion! Building like in Minecraft! Crafting things through Carpenters/Herbalists etc.! Chilling and watching when all is working out and ur little Villagers do everything u wanted! Great!So far i enjoy the game, bought it few days ago. If u have no time on the hand and want to finish everything fast dont bother i suppose (i am not far enough in to say if there are things like ""speedruns"" but ofcourse is there a optimized strategy to start). Otherwise give it a try, lay back in ur chair and watch ur village grow, the Villigars gather and maybe read a book as long nothing is happening.Music is really Symphonic and the Graphicstyle is just cute. So far i encounterd not much Bugs (just one, they wouldnt build a door in a building, rebuild fixed this) but sometimes there is a curiouse clippen through the ground, just turn cam around again all is fine :)10/10 would build a village again!"
,Recommended,253250,16693954,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fox,BEST GAME EVER JUST F*CKING BUY IT AND THIS GAME NEEDS SOME FIXES BUT BUY IT
76561198234690188,Recommended,253250,25960904,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,WhenChickensFly,This is one of the best games I have ever played! I recommend it!
76561198105819545,Recommended,253250,25968651,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cageychunk,A game worth every penny!
76561198108678759,Recommended,253250,25958043,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jisaacs91,PRETTY AMAZING GAME. CANT WAIT FOR MORE
,Recommended,253250,26576346,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SlaterDies,This game is crack.
76561198050453886,Recommended,253250,26605264,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mfestler,The updates just get better and better.
,Recommended,253250,28245045,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,jemhan13,Great game worth every penny cant wait to see what it has for the future.
76561198022860784,Recommended,253250,28259697,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Stryph,great game and i cant wait to play this game with my friends.. i have no idea how there gonna do the co-op but im excited to see what there gonna do
,Recommended,253250,28857182,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,UndeadRunner,I love it. The game always has me on the edge of my seat!
76561198000260669,Recommended,253250,18709134,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tylerisme64,"this game is loads of fun lol. I really feel connected to my little homies, only a couple things i dont like or would add. 1. the game gets laggy during combat but its in early access so im sure theyre going to fix it 2. there needs to be a button that you can click on to access the system menu 3. if this could somehow be multiplayer or co op that would put this game in the big leagues 4. partial controller support wouldnt hurt. 8/10 atm which is pretty good for an early access"
76561198401575375,Recommended,253250,34191890,Posted: 12 August,all,MaPlE_sYrUp,VERY fun city buiding game with good mechanics! 10/10
,Recommended,253250,34195747,Posted: 12 August,all,Professor Zoidberg,"havent played much, but it is a very nice game to relax to. overall injoying it so far"
76561198101553405,Recommended,253250,20790957,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ottidoti,"This game is amaizing. Here and thare some bugs but the game is playebel and some of the bugs are simply fixeble with a simple solution. Buy this game and see for your self thare is so mutch to do and i hoping thare is still more comming. I love this, peacefull mode is relxing.I have a village with 25 people in it all with thare own house. My goal is 40 people with all thare own houses.Dont look at the bugs the game is still in development!  Ans awsomeIT IS REALLY GOOD!!!!(im sorry im in love with this sort of games)(sorry for my Englesh)"
76561197991932924,Recommended,253250,21142590,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,if you like town building then get this game it wont let you down. So far i play for days on end then take a month break or so and come back and ALWAYS something new... Keep it up devs :P
76561198094781649,Recommended,253250,25056711,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kuppensNL,Its a very fun addictive game. I dont really know what else to say. I have one major complain: Fix the building of bigger and more compicated build. The game is still in development and id love to see some youtubers give it some attention because if YT'ers play it more people will try it and it will get i out there in general.
76561198110655186,Recommended,253250,28965930,Posted: 2 January,all,Knightrealm,"This is an amazing game. The art style is very creative and fun, the gameplay is fun, it is updated often enough, and you have a lot of freedom in the game. The goblin campaign is one of my favorite parts, though building my village is always fun. Can't wait for the next campaign!"
76561198041278158,Recommended,253250,29009718,Posted: 4 January,all,TitanzZ,"overall the game is really entertaning, a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to learn (dont know if there is a tutorial i just jumped face first into the game) but you will get the hang of it, right now there is a little problem with the game lagging and getting unstable the more buildings and people you have, but that will most likely get fixed in future updates, the game is still in development but so far so good :)"
,Recommended,253250,28995153,Posted: 3 January,all,AC Zeroshift,"Somehow the devs found a way to turn crack into a video game. I have to go to rehab, but this game was worth it."
76561198065946297,Recommended,253250,28998003,Posted: 3 January,all,DoctaMoo,"pretty good game, expect to get 30 hours of content before you run out of things to do. looking forward to the next update."
76561198186620293,Recommended,253250,29998163,Posted: 17 February,all,midfightreaper31,"I love stone hearth and like how it is updated regularly but I would really enjoy if the developers added Stonehearth to   Xbox 1 and other consoles because I enjoy building and creating defences but after awhile it gets laggy and eventually unplayabe but this is mostly because of my computer. I think that if this game was available to consoles it would be much more fun later on in the game because the preformance of my Xbox is alot better than my desk top. I also think muiltiplayer would be really fun to try out,  and controlling on of your hearthlings might be kind of fun too. But in the end I really enjoy this game and enjoy how it is updated regulary."
76561198007228143,Recommended,253250,29867526,Posted: 12 February,all,Jeffbomford,Loving the game so far. The Devs are always hard at work and have good patches on regular times. the Game has enough in it to keep you going . I would highly recommend this game to those that like Custom building design or strategy town building.
,Recommended,253250,21295807,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FridayBiology,"This is a must buy for any builder/village manager type gamer,Do you like Rimworld or DwarfFortress but, don't want the hassel of direct involvement? Yes, awesome. Stonehearth allows you to focus on that gate house or animal pen with clay brick states of ash timber. First you design your construction, then if all is correct you click build and your hearthlings begin construction of the design with scaffolding and digging foundations.Though it isn't just building, your small group of Hearthling pioneers need food and protection to survive against the elements, goblins, raiders and necromancers. Along the way you'll define each Healthing's role within the village, as crafters and farmers to soldiers and magicwelders.4/6I'll update youtube series as i goYoutube Letsplay Alpha 13 >https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHYbNVicUJv604oZ2ElgsQXdh_LSVt4TUYoutube Letsplay Alpha 14 >https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHYbNVicUJv6FP7zplsCnN2TVJC0S5ukFModding Forums >http://discourse.stonehearth.net/Development blog >http://stonehearth.net/category/development/Development roadmap >https://trello.com/b/4XvM0SUd/stonehearth-community-roadmap"
76561197972867831,Recommended,253250,22905058,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Silver Ssaurabi,"This is the game I had wished for all along while playing Minecraft, Cubeworld, Trove..etc..etc. Even in its early state, this game is extremely fun. The publishers' website has all the information you need to get started (no tutorial implemented yet), and there is already a thriving mod community with TONS of new content due to the familiar and user friendly plug and play nature of the programming tools used to create this game. Everything from new biomes to sophisticated building templates are available to you from the community.If you have played sandbox creative style games before, or if you thought Cubeworld was fun but was kinda missing something, this is the game for you. There is something for everyone and the game is pretty casual and kind when it comes to the combat / rpg elements. That's not to say its not challenging at times to keep all your villagers alive, it can be, but it's very refreshing and a rewarding game to play."
76561197968914854,Recommended,253250,28993228,Posted: 3 January,all,Tiger22,"Wow, no reviews for this game? Stay a while and listen!This one, this is a masterstroke in a careful and delicate balance between the game being a city builder / user interface hell.Yes, it is still early access and you'll probably hit a bug while playing, nothing has crashed the game for me in 30 hours so I'd say this is in the better half of Early Access (though I had not purchased the game sooner so I'm not aware of initial foibles.There is so much to love here: Likable residents, cute formatting and design. The UI is clean, the layout does pop over itself but that is trite in comparison to the data you're shown / what you need. What you need is where you'd expect to find it with a very responsive layout. Basically, you can get in and play without having to dig through where you were or push F1 to research many words to explain a simple concept. Well executed devs.Cheerful would be one word to describe this game. I haven't found a single annoying aspect, and willingly will put many more hours into this game with content that is sure to come.You do not need a wiki to play this either, if you need help you can surely find the answer here or in a wonderful community base posting your question.This game has brought the best aspects together in a very clean voxel format that does away with common issues that has will take away from the experience of the game.The difficulty can be scaled in game through use of items (placing trophies), and you can pause to collect yourself if you're in trouble.I eagerly await content and consistently return to an enjoyable experince each time I load up StoneHearth. It is one of my favorites, and an answer to what I seek in a city building game. Thank you for putting this idea out there to make me realize what I'd been missing in this genre."
,Recommended,253250,16196122,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The_Loner,So far I can say the game is going great for me. It is a bit slow on my laptop but thats because it is a Windows 7. Otherwise on my beefy computer it runs great. I've encountered a few bugs. One being the screen blacks out besides a tiny box and then the other where it froze. The Devs have beenworking hard on this and don't seem to be going anywhere so you shouldnt have to worry about abandonment issues. As of right now though don't buy it unless you want to support the Devs and play the core. Otherwise wait till its Release or Beta and I can gaurantee you won't lose your money.
,Recommended,253250,17283421,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,JimBobAway1205,this game is great and i recemend it to alot of people but the only thing that pisses me off is that you tell a builder to build something and they dont build it. it really gets annoying. but its still a great game.
76561198009643878,Recommended,253250,17578335,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Knight Lazarus,"It's another early access, but why should you take the risk of buying the game before release?  This game is receiving updates every Thursday.  An update usually includes a new entity or two (some new content) and a lot of bug fixes.  While the pace seems a little slow, the updates are frequent and the two developers have a reputation of interacting with the community and effectively implenting feedback.The developers are talented individuals with computer science degrees and related career experience.  Check out their website:http://www.radiant-entertainment.com/They're not your average joe indie developers working out of their parents basement to make a quick buck.  These two are passionate individuals that want to create something truly enjoyable and worth playing.  That being said, Stonehearth still has many bugs and is definitely not as enjoyable now is it's destined to be.  And Stonehearth is destined to be the best Dwarf Fortress-like game of our age, that doesn't require a nerdy learning curve to actually enjoy.Stonehearth is promised to be a depth-filled, fun adventure of building a village.  But unlike Banished or other village-builders, you will find yourself fabricating stories about your villagers as you explore, survive and build.  Just watch half the youtube Let's Plays if you don't believe me.  It's that imaginative element, that makes games like Stonehearth more than just another city-builder.  Stonehearth is not just another game, it's a journey into your own imagination as you build a village.  So, if the experience resonates with you, support this young and promising studio, as the developers craft a gem in the indie gaming world.  Personally, Stonehearth rubs off that feel-good aura, that this early access is an investment that's worth the risk!"
,Recommended,253250,28960663,Posted: 2 January,all,Nursem,"Fantastic game, everything I wish Minecraft was."
23123212321232132,Recommended,253250,29007992,Posted: 4 January,all,TubbyTits,Love this game it's also very challenging when it comes to the combat
76561198030384467,Recommended,253250,29019565,Posted: 4 January,all,Overunity,"Still very early in dev, so of course not everything is balanced and implemented.That said, its a really fun game with some great potential.  Feels a bit like the old Dwarf Fortress with easier controls.  Also has some RPG elements to it that can be fun challenge.I would like to see this game grow to larger scale towns, someday."
,Recommended,253250,29728360,Posted: 5 February,all,FuturamaKing,Fun game. A bit like a better version of gnomoria. I hope it will get even better as they move from early access :)
76561198006085098,Recommended,253250,16194927,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,_[D]uGGeRz_,"Could do with a lot of improvements. but it works, it runs fine, and its fun!"
,Recommended,253250,16896084,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,That1Dude,"Charming, fun, and challenging.I was skeptical at first, because I simply skimmed through a screenshot and thought it was another multiplayer minecraft clone... I was dead WRONG. Stonehearth is a city building game with many challenges along the way to building the biggest and most prosperous city. You will meet traders, potential citizens, and invaders.The best way I can describe this game is Voxel graphics + Banished + originality = Stonehearth!"
76561198159473586,Recommended,253250,29192753,Posted: 11 January,all,AdrielGenao,Game is so fun! Reccomend to gamers that like city building and management!
,Recommended,253250,35404854,Posted: 1 October,all,Nik Nik,"Love this game, one of my favorites."
76561198122329562,Recommended,253250,35367301,Posted: 30 September,all,Baiganx,A very cute and relaxing game that I look forward to seeing where it goes in it's development.
76561198366788581,Recommended,253250,35480134,Posted: 4 October,all,MineiMan,best. game. ever. of course it's SOMETIMES hard... but that is: best. game. ever.
76561198076504055,Not Recommended,253250,28900821,Posted: 1 January,all,alexandrun85,"Well i have played this game for aprox 10 hours and i can say that at its current stage its not worth to buy it. The reason is that the game doesnt have enough features implemented to it and a lot of bugs.The good:+nice graphics+the gameplay is verry fun+the combat is ok (the enemary archers kitting you is verry annoying since you might end up chasing them to the enemy base)+the crafting&gathering system are verry well doneThe bad:-a lot of bugs-horrible UI for building stuff like walls and bugs out often. Editing a building is verry difficult since it doesnt always take your commands and its unintuitive.-at the moment building any kind of buildings its pointless. Your people can sleep verry well outside even on a bed for example. So its mostly decorative and to increase your value as a town. I really dont see the reason to build anything because they dont provide any bonuses and they are far to little buildings at the moment.-Mining or digging is verry poorly implemenred as well. For example if you want to mine in a mountain for example and then decide to go up you need to manually build ladders for them to go up or down for that matter otherwise the order to mine will not be done. Why cant this be done automatically by them? Digging also requires ladders to be built manually for every layer you go down because otherwise they cant haul what they have mined and they cant get out to eat and they will soon die. So you need to be carefull.-Poor ui and inuititive. For example it took me a few hours to finally learn how to edit a building and when, i had to google on how you can build roads or walls etc. These are just a few examples but its an overall feeling.-Verry ppor AI pathing. For example a lot of time i see my workers doing a hauling of an ore just to put it down and go pick up another ore imediatlly next to it and haul that one instead. Also they tend to take the longest paths when building anything or just leave their work completly do something else and then come back.-Another bad thing is that devs are pushing updates at a verry low rate. This game is from june 2015. so for over one and a half year the game is still in alpha. Also the last update was October 2016. That means that the game development will go verry slowly and you wont be able to enjoy it at its full features.My recommendation is not to buy this gama at its current state since it doesnt offer a lot of depth to it. Its fun to watch your people them build stuff, gather and fight but it seems shallow as you get depper into the game and the fact that a lot all of the buildings are useless and just cosmetic doesnt provide any depth to mid to late game.I would wait untill this game goes into beta before buying it unless you really want to try it or support the devs."
76561198001368718,Not Recommended,253250,28962144,Posted: 2 January,all,Rogue Titan,"This game is really fun initially, then it caps out pretty quick. I have 7 hours on it, and im already capping out. The max number of villagers you can have is 20, which is not very many. You can increase it but it drops the performance of the game tremendously. I have a world that is unplayble because of all the little things and items in the world it has to load, and my computer is pretty good."
76561198198572289,Not Recommended,253250,32239049,Posted: 7 June,all,SmashingQuasar,"I bought this game on 2015-11-17 and it is still in early access. I truly believed in this game, but since it has been in early access for 2 years now (june 2015 to june 2017), and had very little addition in two years, it is likely to end up as an abandonedware some day, or to be published in several years.Buy this game only if you are absolutely certain to like it when it is released, and if you don't mind waiting two, three or even more years before it is actually released."
76561198071965366,Not Recommended,253250,22437694,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,StarTropics,This game has great potential but is far from finished and development is just too slow to keep me interested.
,Not Recommended,253250,31986203,Posted: 26 May,all,bunihunny,"Bought this game a while back, thinking the concept was interesting and I liked the more close-up style of management as compared to other similar games. I can't remember exactly how my first few play-throughs went, but they were bad enough I deleted the game for a long time without reinstalling it until very recently this last week. I played the game slightly obsessively for the first few hours, working to maintain my colony and not be overtaken by the Golbins trying to kill us all. However I quickly encounter many problems that just annoy me to the point I don't want to play anymore...My first two setups things were going fine, until one big raid of Goblins came and killed everyone. I watched helplessly as all my villagers slowly died and then restarted. Same thing happens again, even though I had tried to focus more on the military aspect of the game. However, with a meager 20 max villagers my military was really lacking.I decide to quit the game and come back to it with a stronger military force later the next day. It goes well, I pass the raid and huzzah! There's pretty much nothing interesting after that, other than my game freezing constantly,  my villagers getting confused and breaking, or an engine error popping up and forcing me to restart the game. I tried both the unstable latest patch and the offically release stable patches. Both failed me...and also after enabling the unstable patch just to see if there were any updates at all, which really there aren't  (then disabling after it crashed even faster than before) all my custom buildings broke and if I tried to place them the game crashed once again. Had to delete them all and start over. Fun stuff!Pretty much the game is exactly the same as when I bought it, and it's just as unplayable and annoying as before. Pawns will stop building things mid-build, people will starve in holes instead of building a ladder to get out, and the village numbers are so meager you'll never really have fun with masses of items or pawns. Also, there's a 3000 item limit on the game, this includes buildings and inventory. You will quickly fill your inventory and quit the game like I did on my third play-through. I regret thinking it might get better and not getting a refund...UPDATED 9/28/17 - Decided to give the game another try...figured with all the updates there might be something interesting. I also increased the item/person cap to 50 hearthlings, wanted to see how many my computer could handle since this is such a hungry game. I finally got through the entire ""Quest for Township"" and managed to build a decent town, and for a while I was thinking ""Wow, I might really need to change my review to a positive one.""But! And it's a big one...there's literally nothing after you construct the (3) gongs other than getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed repeatedly. I survived through all the trials, with a population of 27 hearthlings. 15 of them were dedicated to round-the-clock security, because after you defeat the Tribe Masters that come to challenge you (or whatever they are called) the♥♥♥♥♥rape just DOES NOT STOP. I was clicking R *RUN TO SAFETY* every 5 seconds. Seriously. It got to the point that my hearthlings couldn't even farm...plants were dying in the fields because I had to call them to safety points so often. Things on the map could no longer be gathered or created because if my hearthlings went two feet from the troop of guards, BAM, here come the goblins + kobolds + ogres to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Also couldn't change their job or turn off the ""job"" cue to just make them haul, because then...BAM! Goblins come. So there was loot just littered around the map that was essentially untouchable for my hearthlings. When the guards cue for job was paused...they don't defend. Everyone dies, nothing gets hauled. Yay! Multiple invader groups would often show up at once as well, with mutliple Ogres in each troop along with archers and clerics and some swordsmen. Because of these large scale invades happening all at once I ran into another massive problem...Broken doors. Ogres can smash through them, and that's about all they do. I had one structure in particular...just finished, four doors. Almost instantly, three Ogres show up to smash all four doors (instead of fighting the troop that is right next to them. Makes sense, right?) This doesn't seem like a huge problem...until you realize they don't get replaced. Ever. Never ever. Not unless you remove the whole building. This is such a huge flaw for me, that lead to me entirely abandoning the town...I cannot deal with a thousand doors around the colony with tiny little hearts next to them - or worse, entire buildings with shadow blueprints for doors that will never be replaced...On top of this, I was being invaded so often (I timed it, about every minute n 25 seconds) that I had no hope of completely removing and rebuilding the structures without everyone dying in the process. It was  a nightmare late-game to say the least.The 20 hearthling slow-down is still very much so a thing. Unless you have some series power and ram, don't expect to get over 20 hearthlings. I have 16gb ram with an I7 6700K 4.00GHZ processor, and the game ate it up and spit it out like it was a joke once I hit my 27 hearthling mark (but it was already well slowing by the 20th hearthling). I also noticed the prereqs for getting more hearthlings becomes obscene in the way of foods. I can handle accumlating large wealth, that's easy and it makes sense. But large masses of foods makes less sense to me...yea I should have enough to feed all of them but, why do I need 2500 stacks of foods along with 13,000 wealth for a single new colonist? Seems a little...impossible when half your food goes bad in the pile before your three cooks can even touch it because you're being invaded again (and the cycle continues...).I would say I enjoy the building aspect of the game, which is the main reason I would tell anyone to try it out at all. It's very rewarding to see some of the structures come to life and to really get a feel for how you want your town laid out. However, this is also flawed in that you can't delete walls after they are placed (sometimes.) I don't understand why it happens, but during building planning the walls won't undo or erase...just super frustrating when you are halfway through a building and you misplace a wall.Overall, I would say the game in it's current start is a solid...5/10? Worth buying/playing but only if you REALLY like building things with super limited items and being able to see how happy/sad your colonists are.(Honestly, I would just go with Rimworld. It's not 3D, no, but it's so much more playable at the moment.)"
76561198169951733,Not Recommended,253250,18544334,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Doge,it gets boring realy fast
,Not Recommended,253250,19772273,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,crazythepotato,"Of course, this game is still early access, so it is missing a few components in a game. I like it as it is, but it is missing a very large piece in a game: a tutorial."
,Not Recommended,253250,30521971,Posted: 15 March,all,Zemrix,the game has very little content to it and it is not worth the money and i had to leave the game open because i had a family emergance and now i cant refund it. i need help to refund it but the game was not worth it. sorry.
,Recommended,253250,21297095,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,El Gieter,"""Poni Pounder has joined Abusement Park""10/10"
76561198303462925,Not Recommended,253250,32142765,Posted: 2 June,all,OtakuxKJ,"if you guys plan to buy this game, you be sure you know how to configure the bugs and crashes. for every playtime progress, the game either gets bugged or multiple saved files freezes. i couldn't even pass day 7 without the game crashing on me.until this game is fixed, I'm giving it two stars"
,Not Recommended,253250,33690319,Posted: 21 July,all,Mostly...,"The game is quite cool and enjoyable IF it is ever finished.  HOWEVER, there are some major issues that you will eventually have to deal with in addition to the bugs mentioned in other reviews.  It all revolves around large scale towns.  I built up a very large town over the course of my 14ish hour playtime.  The problems started to come thick and fast in the form of pathfinding, task completion, resource scaling.  You'll have trouble doing pretty much anything due to deadlocks from the AI characters.  Additionally, there has effectively been no work done on this game in a year... I'd assume its dead, and as with 90% of other Early Access games, will never be finished.I'd recommend saving your hard earned dollars, for a company who is willing to work equally hard... It pains me to say: Avoid this game :\"
76561198031241143,Not Recommended,253250,24590721,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Scribble,"Cannot reccomend as a core mechanic of the game is completely broken. Building is attrocious. There are 4 or 5 prefabbed template buildings (ugly and boring) you can get away with, but any sort of cuztomized building whatsoever and the game just breaks. What's more... this is the central mechanic of the game for improvement of your tribe and village... you need to craft buildings for your population to grow.The game has charm and potential, but week after week I see zero improvements to this game breaking flaw. Please fix buildings and I will change my review and start reccomending (and even playing) your game."
,Not Recommended,253250,32153665,Posted: 3 June,all,A plate of spaghetti,"I reaaaally like this game.I'll start with that.  It's got the potential to be great and the art style is fantastic.But with that being said, there just isn't enough to it.  This game is clearly not on the developers forefront.A perfect example is buildings.  There is a carpenter building and thats basically it until you get the blacksmith.  It really isn't hard to make the buildings for each class and save them as a template...But alas, I really hope I get the chance to change my review in the future, because I really love this game and all it's potential.  But I doubt its going anywhere.  This game is the PERFECT example of whats wrong with early access.."
76561198195538634,Not Recommended,253250,21298714,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Pebel Zounds,"Persionally i loev the game. it has very good graphics and is very fun. the only downside is the bugs, there was WAY too many bugs, crashes and lag moments that make the game worse. And to be honest i have seen better games for free, i think they should either make it less money or just get rid of the lag and crashes, which i know they are doing now but its just taking too long."
,Not Recommended,253250,19988551,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cthuluhoop,Won't even launch on my computer.
,Not Recommended,253250,26741006,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Buzz Lightyear,ehhhh. Just wait for it to come out
,Not Recommended,253250,26741465,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Limónz ✅,"Very fun and addictive! Alouth i feel i've brought this a few years ago and it ended up going abandonware and resurfacing here, so i brought it again and almost every mechanic is the same just totally different textures and a way more simple world generator.From what i can see already devs are getting sloppy and the building system is currently bugged. once i tried to use to dev tools to fix stuff, things would really break lol as you would expect so im going to give it a month or so and try it again and hope for a better experience.The game itself is very fun, extremely cute and ridiculously unforgiving!!!The ui overlays are very nice and easy to navigate. Units are very responsive to commands although i did feel a little clustered at some points latter on.Being able to move individual workers would be nice to control them when there being attacked or walking into a pack of wolves, saves me calling everyone back to safety because of 1 idiot who wanted to pet the wolves pup.BUT the biggest let down, The tutorial left me hanging -_-concept 9-10mechanics 7-10 (please fishing)graphics 7-10textures 5-10performance 4-10building 3-10gameplay 7-10overall 5-100GL Deving!"
76561198037291452,Not Recommended,253250,26157510,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Boulder,"Its a buggy mess. Not saying that it wont become better, but at this point and time Stonehearths biggest appeal for me, the building, doesnt work well. Its hard to build what you want. Its more work to acctually get something to build than it is acctually designing something. Also the performance is sub par. I often have to reload to get a game to run decently. I would like to comment on what the later stages of the game are like but all my games have bugged out impeading my process and halting my progession. At the moment dont buy, but if you see this in a few months check it out. I have no doubt that this game will become something amazing, all the deves seem very passionate about the project and i have the best of hope for it."
,Not Recommended,253250,29659136,Posted: 2 February,all,Red Toxon,"3/5The game is alright. I really enjoyed the 24 hours I played it, and finished it. It was super cute and I found it refreshing.However the game lacks depth.So you go to the game's official forums and talk about it, and any ideas that introduce an idea of depth other than building little houses that after 4 hours all look the same, and harvesting loot and trying to get the max amount of villagers--they are all met with the same retort.""Mods.""I do not suggest this game to anyone unless they are a modder and want to learn how to program and make this game for the the devs. They don't even have Steam Workshop enabled, yet are relying 100% on mods to keep people interested in the game.It's a fun game, don't get me wrong, but if you buy this game you're buying ""Mod Simulator 2017""I hope they change this mentality before leaving Early Access."
76561198026851127,Not Recommended,253250,25063676,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[SmB] The Senate,Ill get this game once the developers can fix  the one godamn problem they need to fix. Builders actually ♥♥♥♥ing building rather than leaving it halfway built. How hard is it to fix the ONE ♥♥♥♥ing purpose of this game?♥♥♥♥ing salty as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Better get my refund
76561198125032479,Not Recommended,253250,19354895,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Austin383,terrible
,Not Recommended,253250,32277054,Posted: 8 June,all,HRE Doctor_Plague,I would have reccomended the game in the past when it worked. When they went to alpha 19 or 20 the game would always crash and once in a blue moon would the game work. I loved it  back then. Now I have to not recommened the game because of that one problem. It's a great game and their going in the right direction.
,Recommended,253250,22550327,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,۞۩۞۩۞_۞d۞۩۞U۞۩۞C۞۩۞K۞۩۞,really fun and always happy to see new update!
76561198305097855,Recommended,253250,31119652,Posted: 13 April,all,Tom Robinson,"Amazing Game!The animation style is cute and addictive and so is the gameplay,as soon as i started playing i was addicted to this game.at first there were lots of bugs that were annoying to encounter but i managed to still enjoy the game.After the stable release the game was much more enjoyable and i have not encountered any bugs or glitches so far.My gameplay exprience is very smooth and enjoyable with the stable release.Great work RADIANT ENTERTAINMENT!!!"
76561198160245509,Recommended,253250,33254878,Posted: 4 July,all,Semper144p,Its fun but it lacks a lot of key components
76561198209570419,Recommended,253250,32836889,Posted: 26 June,all,creativeboyjj71,"A lot of progress! I have been one of the people that played this game in the alpha were it was just getting good. For example, the game had some good things leading up for it. It had good AI and had a good survival system, but it was clonky at alpha 10 yet has grown into so much more with the people(hearthlings) having emotions and taking in their new home with there own customs in mind and other things. I liked it for many reasons and I still like the game for what it is developing into."
76561198174831513,Recommended,253250,22058387,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Sargent Turtle,Its a creative game
,Recommended,253250,22137880,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Give me your milfs,its aight
76561198120381636,Not Recommended,253250,20886193,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TinyNefro,"Every time i start the game it closes no menu pops up please fix, Running windows 8"
,Not Recommended,253250,32556369,Posted: 18 June,all,Bryan,The game is fun for a little bit but gets boring pretty quick.
,Not Recommended,253250,32087935,Posted: 31 May,all,We need to build a firewall,Memory leaks out the♥♥♥♥
76561198019956785,Not Recommended,253250,34671771,Posted: 1 September,all,lordsumilidon,"Far too buggy a game.  Building blueprints tend to be ""finished"" with only half the building done.  After a little but of time you cannot control your soldiers any more, your crafters stop crafting etc etc.Nice idea, very, very poor delivery."
76561198052948330,Recommended,253250,23241512,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,𝓒𝔢𝔩𝔢𝔩𝔞𝔰,10/10
76561198077864247,Not Recommended,253250,35441823,Posted: 3 October,all,Ninjacow27,"This game is absolute garbage,♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics,♥♥♥♥♥♥resources and♥♥♥♥♥♥controls. Warriors will auto attack when they have 1 health left basically commiting suicide, farmers wont till all fields if you start one before others until crop is harvested and all fields are empty again, enemies after enemies after enemies who constantly force you to make them stuff or else they'll send wave after wave every turn until your dead. Villagers start building other buildings when they need to work on a different one with no way to prioritize a specific building. Honestly, sandbox mode feels like how this game was designed. Any added enemies and the game turns to a god awful glitchy and broken piece of crap. I have been waiting what feels like years for this game to finally make some ♥♥♥♥ing progress, but the developers suck♥♥♥♥♥ They work on the most pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥before what really needs work. Like the fact that i cant specifically tell my people what to ♥♥♥♥ing do or pickup or harvest or build. NOTHING!!! you just start buildings and hope they work on it first before doing other mindless♥♥♥♥♥♥ CRAP. CRAP. CRAP. AVOID."
76561198104813593,Recommended,253250,25563701,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,artz_ryan,"Great Game! Fun!Very, very, very, very, very buggy.It is in early access, and they are open about the bugs - but I have to admit, this *could* be everything I've ever wanted in a game. Absoultely a total blast.I have a very beefy computer as I do dev work too. This game uses just under 9gb of RAM on a consistent basis... very impressive, and scary at the same time.Good work Devs! You have a fantastic concept here - one that is well wanted. You mix Warcraft, minecraft, city builder, sandbox, RTS, and Sims into a single package.... And it's incredibly well laid out and easy to understand. Kudos."
76561198339318900,Recommended,253250,26257756,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,sharonlands,"I cannot play this game. It won't load. Says something about upgrading my graphics card, but, it is updated and the right one, according to specs! Very annoyed, since I took a risk PAYING for this game."
76561198214571180,Not Recommended,253250,25672045,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,jebediahbob,Stonehearth is a great game with a lot of promise. It could be great if it weren't for a few things. One: The building mechanic is great yet is a bit limited to what you can decorate with (this is excusable as its till in alpha). Two: There is a bug with building where your hearthlings stop building a structure halfway through no matter how many materials you have. Three: Some hearthlings refuse to function and stand still and slowly starve to death slowly killing your population. Other then that stonehearth is great yet don't buy it at this stage as it is incredibly frustrating when your village refuses to function and starves to death.
,Recommended,253250,25109320,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,kluts_games,nice game and deluksegaming is playing it to so thaths awesome
76561198032314923,Not Recommended,253250,32004982,Posted: 27 May,all,MarshallSZK,"I love this game. I love playing it, I love getting creative with my cities and towns.The problem is that I also love building the buildings and designing them on my own. I recently tried to do just that, and attempted to build a pretty nifty herbalist building. Up until now I've just used the preset buildings, but obviously there is no herbalist building. I built a complex building with a bunch of indents within the foundation. Little did I know that one needed 7 ENTIRE cube spaces to place a door. I went to press the undo button (I had already build walls and placed my roof) to undo some things to change up my design to place a door. Undo button ceased to undo anything, so the search for a delete button began. Only problem, there were none. I can't recommend a game based on creativity, if it doesn't allow you to fix mistakes in your work. When I see a delete walls button, and a delete roof button, I'll happily change my mind about this game. Until then, I'm not wasting my time with the ingame builder I was excited about..."
,Recommended,253250,23237709,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Klugsy,"AMAZING, MADE ME WANT TO GROW A PAIR OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10"
,Not Recommended,253250,23531828,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,aKnommEn,Lack of content and buggyness can get annoying. Also when you have lots of things happening at once (When you get a giant village) your computers RAM will get overburdened and then the game is very slow (Unless you have LOTS of RAM. But you will still reach this point if you haven't gotten completely bored with the game yet). You might be able to squeeze out a little fun in the beginning but then it becomes a very boring. Wouldn't say this is worth $25.
,Not Recommended,253250,32722134,Posted: 24 June,all,Dan,"I wanted to like it... But its not finished, not even close."
76561198198436997,Recommended,253250,31137010,Posted: 14 April,all,zeldabellasheik,"This game is great! It is a fun city bulder for daring people who want to build up military, or build up a giant city to impress your friends! The devs are always working hard on it, with new content monthly. Whether A booming city, or quiet hamlet, your hearthlings will be happy. Definently buy this game!"
,Recommended,253250,31622255,Posted: 8 May,all,Andy Pipkin,9/11 would play game again
76561198052640710,Recommended,253250,31827594,Posted: 18 May,all,[BUD] ☺Carry Bag☺,"i love this game and it has a great concept and gameplay but trying to build anything is a nightmare as your hearthlings some times need so mutch baby sitting just to builda house with 2 stories , but that said the game is backed by a cool dev team and it is just fun overall"
76561198259035648,Not Recommended,253250,20874981,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,benthedaddy,"Download if you want to have loads of crashes, the inability to run in fullscreen on certain systems and utter disapointment all round.Then after all that your gonna have to wait for steam to process your refund.Oh and all that for an insane over pricing too! I have tons of awesome game that are half the price of this trash."
76561198174213403,Recommended,253250,25523066,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,LunaKenn,"I litterally love this game. I have been playing for a year or so, and never got to do this review xD. But I really wanted to say htank you for creating and updaiting this amazing game. I play whenever I can, and when I have time to be spent, and litterally, it never gets boring. And I love how you all put so much effort into creating this game, like, you update almost monthly, and sometimes even weekly. There has been days were I just find a new update after a couple of days from the last update, not even a week apart. Awesome really. LOVE IT!!! Please keep doing this, and I would really like if the population could also grow timely, like if children generate. Thanks again :D"
76561198077658434,Recommended,253250,28532954,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MistakesMade,Stonehearth is wonderful and just keeps getting better the DEVs. havent slowed down at all and the concepts and mechanics of the game continue to astound! If you are intrested in a game that is all about casual building and moments of shear terror when you hear combat music begin then this is the game for you!!
76561198084331496,Recommended,253250,22870020,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DC | Teuso,"Could someone help me i cant use the traper, when i click to use and select the size it just disapear, can someone help me?"
76561198096201585,Recommended,253250,30464515,Posted: 11 March,all,HoodlumDK,Member Serf City?? Arrrhhhh nice memberberries!!
76561198117145439,Not Recommended,253250,22267615,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Official| The White Hatted Gamer,"LavasoftTcpService64.dll stops it from playing, I DONT EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING HAVE IT!!!!"
,Recommended,253250,23430691,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Winter Calm ❄,"Heyhey,It's a fun game and it has been improved over the last few months :3 still not perfect but it's getting there ^^"
76561198089876295,Recommended,253250,22151989,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,AxiO180,"For an Early Access Game it's really fun if you are into city management games and making a nice looking village for your self and slowly upgrading it to be better and to expand your land to do more things with.And I have only had two issues with the game, but it's an Early Access Game so thats to be expected so I am very sure they will get fixed soon enough.But all in all I would rate this game a 9/10 just until the bugs get fixed."
76561198145152740,Recommended,253250,29986249,Posted: 17 February,all,Firemonster125,gud
,Recommended,253250,29954580,Posted: 15 February,all,Estellise,MULTIPLAYER   PLEASE!!!
76561198099479308,Recommended,253250,33708847,Posted: 21 July,all,ⓋⒶⓃⒼⓊⒶⓇⒹ,i like it a lot
76561198216963749,Recommended,253250,22547809,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,corrupturnip69,hi i think that in time this will be a great game the devs are working hard to make this game as enjoyable as possible :)
,Recommended,253250,22556827,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Br0k3nn,It's a very cool game i have 230h of games.
76561198039280571,Recommended,253250,34283604,Posted: 16 August,all,kcbrundid,you pause not working
76561198351837752,Recommended,253250,29692972,Posted: 4 February,all,turtletron2,This game is awesome tell me if you want me to  stream.
76561198037477497,Recommended,253250,26604756,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,quinnimy,"Amazing, I love the resource management and random attacks. This game shows massive potential, but keep in mind it's Early access with a lot of bugs. The best Early Access game I've played yet."
76561198150502199,Recommended,253250,34896222,Posted: 11 September,all,minidarth2002,Great game.
76561198162521541,Recommended,253250,25298297,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dextext97,"good gameneeds more things to do than just build,mining downward using steps is impossible,cpu intensive so i would recomend finding a way to decrease the amount of objects the game has to keep track ofneeds lots of stories and quests and goals to become a great gamebasically good, not mind blowing, little pricy for what they give you"
76561198104211380,Recommended,253250,28997151,Posted: 3 January,all,haesead,beats no mans sky like the legend27
76561198162847929,Recommended,253250,26102006,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Blizard,A VERY NICE GAME THATS all i have to say :P
76561198011827366,Recommended,253250,16214913,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,will,the game plays really well even on high graphics.
76561197972347410,Not Recommended,253250,33952091,Posted: 1 August,all,Ron_Jeremy [FR],"All updates are useless, the real game content have been forget since a long time!We don't care about caractere empathie, the game are still almost unplayable and the content is really poor.You change the loading screen because he was schowing a lot of feature you customer pay for, and they still don't have it."
76561198032312566,Recommended,253250,24722142,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,storetex,best game ever
,Recommended,253250,24712580,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,fango jett,Fun town management game.
,Not Recommended,253250,28397280,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,knlw,"It's a great game, don't get me wrong, but there is a severe lack of an end goal. I've played enough of each character type/map to understand the basics and I don't find myself trying to improve my town. I just leave it as it is and hope new Hearthlings come by. It's fun to play, but it's too easy to unlock new components. I would rate this game higher if there were time or population based unlocks that kept me playing past the first 15 citizens."
76561198107580793,Not Recommended,253250,20171237,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Doge,HOW TO ♥♥♥♥ING TURN THE WALL VERTICALLY??? NO GUIDE??? OMFG THIS GAME IS SO SHIEYT!!!! SO ♥♥♥♥ING SHIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYT
76561198045118843,Not Recommended,253250,31736734,Posted: 13 May,all,Radamier,"In addition to the game being in Early Access for quite a while, there's just quite a bit of creative decisions that make me shout ""WHY WOULD YOU EVER DO THAT?"" Examples include:-THE dumbest AI I've ever seen. Would rather give hugs to goblins than, well, survive. Plus, movement speed is dimished when the target is damaged, so your idiot settler is pretty boned if they have a task that leaves him far away from your soldiers-The game withholds new settlers from you if you don't have enough food, depsite your workforce being comprised entirely of soldiers, farmers, and a single craftsperson, and taking away from anything means that the magical teleporting mobs have room to creep into your village and murder literally anyone, or everyone starves to death because your villagers eat more than a bunch of morbidly obese Americans.-The game has a tendency to camps of insurmountable enemies about 10 feet from your villagers.-Despite having the max Spirit stat, your soldiers tend to be the most coward villagers for no reason. How I've survived a single enemy wave is actually a miracle.-Enemies don't stop attacking once they start, so you're boned if your military falls, even if you've kept your villagers safe.Last, and most offensively of all, item limits. Not container capacity, which can be expanded by building containers, but your villagers will actively halt the gathering of items if you reach this arbitrary and frankly nonsense limitation."
76561198038417216,Not Recommended,253250,17979082,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,gregheizmann,This game is a waste of time and money. 1/10
76561198220099167,Not Recommended,253250,30525601,Posted: 15 March,all,Dwarventaskmaster55,Not happy i bought the game because it looked like a good game but it just will not load up ive tried everything to make it work very dissapointed
76561198041284394,Not Recommended,253250,21506116,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,mattys,"Good idea but still bad. Full of bugs. Everytime they do an update it gets worse. Then you get a few corrections but then you get more bugs.At the moment i've got farmers that won't put there goods into storage leaving bundles of stuff everywhere, builders that won't finish houses and builders that wont take scaffolding down and lots of engine errorsBut hay hoe maybe it'll be complete one day"
,Not Recommended,253250,29769799,Posted: 7 February,all,They call me Bill,"Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Too be honest, it really had some potential.But the lazy Devs kill this game and the great idea behind it.They can´t even fix 4 year old, well known, bugs. (?!)This game is already dead. Don´t buy. Last time i bought something early access."
76561198081517496,Not Recommended,253250,33053222,Posted: 30 June,all,Bomb Ninja,"I tried my heart out to play this game and this is what ive gathered from it.The reviews all make it look so great but honestly this game is absolute TRASH.From what i understand this game has been in alpha for... 3 years? With this little of content/development. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dead end game? Archers won't shoot over a one block wide water section, or off a 1 story building. Kind of defeats what archers are meant to do.It is imposible to organise things properly as herbs/plants are the same thing ect.sooooo many bugs.it took me a good 3 or 4 citys to get going then once i got everything figured out i started to slowly realise that i was truly wasting my life playing a trash game. Bug by bug, feature missing by feature missing, finally done. I feel like it has GREAT potential. But at the rate theyre devolping it not so much."
76561198090460132,Recommended,253250,32801529,Posted: 25 June,all,De_Rollo,"beautiful little game. loved it when it was first in development, and even more so now. it's future looks promising."
76561198140030219,Recommended,253250,32832281,Posted: 26 June,all,mattturpin13,Its a fun game that still has a ways to go. I hope they will make it easier in the future to keep villager out of certain areas and contained in others. I would love to see a zoning system implemented.
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,253250,33661323,Posted: 19 July,all,Tibarnius,"I've owned this game for about 2 years and I honestly couldn't tell you what changes have been made in that time. I reccomend you stay away until its complete. Which means you'll likely never buy it, which is probably for the best"
76561198156814945,Not Recommended,253250,29649492,Posted: 2 February,all,Da Derp Master,I would not recommend this game unless you really like to desgin and I find the hearthlings anyoyingly dumb
76561197973176861,Not Recommended,253250,25370833,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Geoffubazi,"It is ok, but not great. There is excessive detail in how to build a house, but a complete lack of detailed control anywhere else.Houses take about 10 minutes (Real Time Minutes) to build at the highest speed settingthere is no tutorialvoxel while cute, is really difficult to get your head around in this game."
76561198074375202,Recommended,253250,32978712,Posted: 29 June,all,Megladom,lil op
,Recommended,253250,33278240,Posted: 5 July,all,[M.r]LeeHarvey,"It's cute, it's fun.  It's also incomplete.  Getting there slowly but surely, and absolutely playable in it's current state.  The goblins are so damn adorable I almost feel bad squashing them, the various golems are super cute too.  Almost everything in this game is so sweet it will give you cavities.  Thumbs up just for the economic boon to the dentists of the world."
76561198035793183,Recommended,253250,33255153,Posted: 4 July,all,CT,"Devs are committed to regular update, maybe not as fast as some people would like, but still, this is good, very good."
76561198116407316,Recommended,253250,24152476,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,howlingsoulx,乐高版放逐之城，但是没有手动命令优先级。LEGO version of Bandished without priorized orders.不要打汉化补丁！我只说一次。Don't add CHS mod!UI crashes in every battle.AI=artificial idiot
,Not Recommended,253250,28439484,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lichlord Yyratheus Senpai,"Made a really organized town. I've made so much effort into making it. Right when I was about to overwrite my save, The UI started glitching out, it was paused and I noticed the hearthlings kept moving. I pressed f5 to reset my UI. -Stonehearth.exe stopped working- Would recommend buying this once the bugs have been fixed, otherwise, you may encounter frustrating bugs like these. For now I'm giving a downvote for now."
76561198305172475,Not Recommended,253250,32602915,Posted: 20 June,all,"dude, my dota skill rocks","not much work desires $25, minior feature thing can do in game"
,Recommended,253250,25688114,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,⚜TwilightThorn⚜ (PlushB),GREAT GAME I NEVER GET BOARD OF IT AND WITH MODDING THE GAME THERE'S ENDLESS POSSABILITYS OF PLAYING THIS!!!
76561198215525164,Recommended,253250,25451459,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Potatoman,Awesome game with lots of possibility. I really look forward to the future of this game.
76561198193574317,Recommended,253250,25346769,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,i lik pie,"I love games like this and boy did i love this one, for the time that i played this i fell in love, but with a 25 doller price u have to like stuff like this to buy it."
,Recommended,253250,22928059,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bosk,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.But for the review's sake, 9/10. The game is great, but pike all games it can be buggy."
76561198015019839,Not Recommended,253250,25506823,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Tooter_Fish,"Just downloaded Alpha 18. Loaded a new game and it crashed my computer so hard I had to remove the battery in order to restart...so, I'm going to hold off on playing until further updates. What have played is fun...but right now technical difficulties are too much."
76561198142261709,Recommended,253250,31834915,Posted: 18 May,all,inqcore,ould be better if it was a whole world and its a good fun game needs a bit more work but yeah
,Recommended,253250,28991630,Posted: 3 January,all,Santa Shrek,hearthstone
76561198330087520,Recommended,253250,28758667,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The_Cheekiest_Chap.exe,amazing
76561198150829265,Recommended,253250,35500290,Posted: 5 October,all,LukeyLukey148,Big bbboy go hom
76561198095152336,Not Recommended,253250,35401055,Posted: 1 October,all,WestsideSlum,"Spend 4 hours creating a town. Having a ton of fun. Two goblins attack. Kill one. Other one becomes immune to damage. Goblin wipes my town.The game can be a little fun. But this is the third time I've had to restart a game due to a bug in the past 7 hours. Not really worth it.If you do play, save often."
,Recommended,253250,19326640,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,❄Frosty❄,Great game if you love games that are like sims but more midivel and not to complex to do handel for then this is the game for you even though this game may be in early stages just keeps me more happy and wondering what they will add to it 10 out 10 to the games devs who made this keep up the good work :D
76561198146530968,Not Recommended,253250,16480746,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,epc409,"Horrible. This game has way too many game breaking bugs. It has potential but is horrible at the moment. Your world may last about an hour before the bugs start happening. If you wan this game, wait for it to update a couple of times because this version is really bad. Now, on the bright side, this game is still an ALPHA game, which means its not complete and has many more updates and bug fixes. Dont get me wrong, this game IS fun just that the bugs get out of hand. The bugs can make your game crash too so i suggest turning auto saving on because if you dont you could lose a lot of progress.I give this game a 9/10 for what does work but as a whole i give it a 5/10.This is after an update: Update didn/t help. This game is still broken. Don't get it."
76561198104350244,Not Recommended,253250,25310406,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Romeulis,"Worst AI in the world. The stupid little hearthlings cant build,mine or do anything withought micro management of them to make sure they dont get stuck."
76561198147933525,Not Recommended,253250,17131581,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Tyler_Teh_Goat,it crashes wen i play the game plz! fixed
76561198135372007,Not Recommended,253250,17112240,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TheTrollMaster69,"idk why but i cant play this game on my computer,  i damend a refund"
76561198051895840,Not Recommended,253250,33898902,Posted: 30 July,all,wingman567,I wish this was good.
76561197970912139,Not Recommended,253250,21557218,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,i have coffee,"I would love to love this game, but it is incomplete, clunky, and boring.  The ""voxelated"" graphics are a poor and cliche aesthetic choice.  Progression is slow and meaningless.  Building design, though quite intricate, ultimately adds little to the game mechanic and ends up being mostly a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  (You must pre-design buildings rather than construct them block-by-block as in Minecraft or Dwarf Fortress.)Yes, it's an early access title, but the only material change in the game in the last 9 months seems to be breaking save compatibility.  Give these guys 2-3 more years to put out a finished game before you pay anything for it."
76561198165621375,Not Recommended,253250,24121270,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dx1965,"I tried to go to offical Stonehearth site to find more info and  even that site was too complicated for me.I looked here perhaps I am missing something being totally newbie but I keep running into things that I can't figure out or even begin to explain why I can't figure out. Ugh like first it was the inventory then its building issue, then its why isn't my workers working.I don't maybe I should ask for refund. Because everything I try to find never exxplains how resolve it.  The videos on the game and progressiion is great over the year (I watched over 200 videos on the game before I purchased it.)But not sure ift worth paying 27 for a game I can't figure out how to play or I am not sure if its a bug that is preventing me from playing it. I am so over early access. Let me know when the game is more user friendly than I might play it again.I'd ask for refund but I aleady had the over 4 games this last month I ask for refund. Very disappointed at the moment. I don't think I want buy another Steam product at the moment."
,Not Recommended,253250,32501217,Posted: 17 June,all,Eternity,"Played this game a year ago and remember i enjoyed it.Now after a long break i wanted to play it again so i installed it, and the first thing i was going to do was to build a house.. 30 minutes later when the house was finished except for the roof i started to put the roof down. Wasn't happy with the way it looked as i had too much slope, but when i hit undo the roof was gone but not the wall the roof created.. now i had a sloped wall at the top of the house and no way to remove it.. after trying everything i gave up and quit.Thought i was going to give it another go 20 minutes later and started on a new house, when i got to the second floor and misplaced a wall and hit undo, it wasn't removed.. i was unable to remove the wall and there's no way i'm going to start on a third house that most likely will fail too. (The devs have removed the ability to remove walls as it was too buggy, that's more than 6 months ago.. and yes, the undo i supposed to work though obviously it isn't always working. No matter what, who wants to build something which you can't edit during the building process except by going all the way back to when you put that part down..)Really sorry to see the devs ruined otherwise a good game by not prioritizing this issue, even letting the bugged wall stay in the game would be better than this, should be on their top priority list.No other choice than to uninstall the game and leave a negative review, will never recommend this game to anyone unless the wall-undo is fixed as it is a huge game breaking issue.. when or if they they at all fix it i might update the review."
,Recommended,253250,28488021,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ketchup,"Cute, funny and interesting little game, with a dedicated, wonderful developer team.It's pretty addictive to play, just make sure you save every now and then.(especially before you're about to attack the enemy AI, if you are unsure) - because you might lose interest if you even lose one citizen, i've experienced many times.Also save alot if you keep using the experimental max speed, it could crash the game eventually.Sometimes it's a big unforgiving, but this game's kind of challenge doesn't want you to quit permanently, at least.It's always fun to see the game waiting to be updating in the download tab of steam, and I'm really curious on where this game is going. I had hoped for snow here in december :'("
76561198003050439,Recommended,253250,16675000,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,fredreed2000,I believe that this gae is heading in the right direction despite all of the bugs that still exist and lack of buildings as well as lack of crops this isa very good game. The developers seem to be adding more features and fixing these bugs and they do have a crash report that automatically goes to them. I believe that once Alpha 12 comes out this will be a better game.
76561198031842957,Not Recommended,253250,30002946,Posted: 18 February,all,djbuttii,The game is fun at first but as you play and continue to find stuff that is not complete in the game and know there should be there it's not fun. You can not fully edit your building because some of the editing tools are not there and doing some research on the internet it's been like this for quite sometime now. I hope the game will improve soon.
,Not Recommended,253250,31475840,Posted: 30 April,all,askenef,I've tried to play this after the update where the mobs get increasingly harder over time more and more attacks. I build up end up having half my people military and more and more goblins come until there isnt time to regen between attacks and you just get destroyed
76561198321910401,Not Recommended,253250,35356410,Posted: 30 September,all,seastar920,i bought this game and i never got the chance to play it...it always says error when i try to play it...it there anything i can do to play the game and not waste the money i spent on it?
76561198192681534,Recommended,253250,33220051,Posted: 4 July,all,damianvdk1,fun game.
76561198042913113,Recommended,253250,22194727,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,caidicus,"While I haven't yet put in a lot of hours into the game, I will say that what's there is quite fun to play.It's an ideal game for anyone who likes Dwarf Fortress or Towns, as well as anyone who enjoys the whole ""minimal input"" genre of games.You can designate a plot to build on, then watch your little workers get to work. There's also resource management, combat, farming, and lots of other stuff that you indirectly have control over.Presentation wise, you can see that the creators of this game have put a lot of love into the detail and mechanics of the game. There's leveling up, skill progression, exploitation of resources, and all the fun stuff you'd expect from this genre of game.All in all, a worth it purchase."
,Not Recommended,253250,28953367,Posted: 2 January,all,Michael Price,It is a lot of fun despite the bugs right up until you hit the low in game item limit. Kills any fun you'd have at that point.
,Recommended,253250,34770109,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,253250,25535118,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Absolute Madman✨,"This is a good game. This game takes alot of ideas and throws it into a bowl without any part overpowering the others. It all blends really nice. Like a backrub from a high quality german stripper who, on her off time, met you at a coffer bar. She noticed you needed someone to talk to and came over with two Caramel Macchiatos. She sat down and asked how your day was, and you reply, ""Stoneharth is difficult and I lost my favorite villager."" Knowing how important it is that you keep all of them alive, she offered to help you play it. She sat you down and coached you through the hard parts. Told you to always work on military as well as how much food and wealth your village has. ""Defences often save your life."" She noted. You realized that at that moment, this game you've been playing is depper than you thought. The german stripper smiled, and left. You were too busy playing this game to ♥♥♥♥. That is alright. It is worth it.9.8/10 (Early Acess, it'll be 10 soon enough)"
76561198038866295,Recommended,253250,25172323,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Brulis [Qc],"Simply awesome, one of my favorite town crafting game.Lots of change since I voted for this one on greenlight, gameplay is basic aswell as graphics and animation are basic, but it all fit perfectly for this kind of game.Pros:- Town builder- Use one of the 5 or 6 building already there to build your house, or do them by yourself with an amazing system that made the house crafting really easy- Your settler do their job and seems to focus on what is more important, did not found any problem with the items collection yet- Tunel digging, (a bit hard to handle for now, with the camero position)- Invasion (not so hard for now, but I saw my brother fighting a huge beast) :D- Like I said earlier, gameplay is really basic, making the game really fun, really easy to handleCons:(Only found one yet)- Hard to stop playing :D"
76561198154273300,Not Recommended,253250,25957795,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,bigmacsnackwrap,Cannot get game to start. Having problems with windows. I have tried to get rid of lavasoft software and still doesn't work.
,Not Recommended,253250,19316646,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rocket_Man,"Played the game excited to do♥♥♥♥♥♥ villagers chop down trees and don't move any more from there......I tried everything. Shouting, cursing, begging, reasoning with them that those marauders down the hill are coming to ♥♥♥♥ us, or that they were starving, but nah, they didn't care and kept loafing around.This game is like a bag of Lays Potato Chips, full of more lies and empty promises than sweet crispy goodness."
76561198001784560,Not Recommended,253250,16257918,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Aloop,"The concept is fantastic, and there's a lot of potential in the game, but...There's far too many issues with its current state. Building custom buildings is near-impossible, the controls are often non-responsive, there's a nasty memory leak (this game should not require +6 gigs of RAM), and that's only the biggest problems. Workers that don't work, ladders and furniture that can't be deconstructed, etc. There's many small things that combine to make the game very hard to enjoy.Putting aside the bugs and building problems, the game is well designed. The progression of your minions is simple but effective, the resource harvesting likewise. My only quibble is that it takes a very long time to do anything with only a 2x speed option. I'd like the ability to go up to 8x at least.Given the strength of the underlying design, I look forward to playing the game more once it's had some bug-fixing done. However, I can only review it based on what it is now, so I cannot recommend this as is."
,Not Recommended,253250,31906990,Posted: 22 May,all,saiko,Soo... Why is it still in early access? I've had this for over a year and not much has change. Can I still get a refund for this? This is unacceptable.
,Not Recommended,253250,16249634,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Liam,"This game looks amazing and the game play is awesome...But I can't recommend playing thisas of now. So many glitches and errors make the game for the most part unplayable. This is ridiculously true when attempting to build a multi-story building: things get stuck, walls get stuck, building undeletable, etc. Hopefully in the future I can upvote this as it does look promising. There are better things on Steam to spend $30 on."
,Not Recommended,253250,25330548,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,wndr hobbit,A waste of money.It is too expensive and the camera-angles are broken.
76561198056709869,Not Recommended,253250,31496516,Posted: 1 May,all,pi,"Not worth the price, game worth maybe £5-10."
76561198148058434,Not Recommended,253250,23056611,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,john.wardle413,"This game has great potential. Unfortunately I cant recommend this game to other gamers because put simpley its unrunable. From what ive seen of the game play, it looks like a fantastic game. Although I can not vouch for this as I have  no first hand experience, due to the game crashing within a minute of the start!"
76561198273291760,Not Recommended,253250,24401536,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,chmcameron,its a horrable game mechanics for building dont make sence
76561198123932536,Recommended,253250,23073878,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PlayBoi Carti,i like men
76561198161756310,Not Recommended,253250,33754911,Posted: 23 July,all,twisted_angelic_demon,"Welp.  I am trying to play Stonehearth and nothing. cant play as administrator, can't play at all.  What the hell is this all about?"
76561198330081763,Not Recommended,253250,29895929,Posted: 13 February,all,yuanreader,"I bought it before, but i don't know why i can't played it now."
,Not Recommended,253250,29956148,Posted: 15 February,all,AtomStudios,If your computer does not have a GPU like mine doesn't this game does not work!
,Not Recommended,253250,28437169,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MrMcPanda,Ai is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sometimes soilders constantly kill themselves cant even make them stay put.
76561197971008413,Recommended,253250,23416391,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Byromaniac,"Already great, if overpriced. Hope I can play mp with my kids without needing to buy lots of licenses..."
76561198056109781,Recommended,253250,20656423,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Velvetlotus,"Stonehearth is a hybrid of a sandbox, micromanagement and tower defence. You assign your town to collecting resources, building or fighting and customising your town to make it aesthetically pleasing in your spare time. The controls are smooth and clean, one of the parts that impresses me the most. The other thing that impresses me is that the bugs if any are usually not a major problem and the developers have been hard at work - its not one of those games which have been in early access for half a decade and barely any progress, information, communication or response to feedback.However the game meets a limit once you've established your colony and got everything, it becomes boring to defend against mobs; it needs more depth and late game content. There are also times when I find myself bored doing nothing waiting for processes to complete."
76561198013564709,Recommended,253250,25333343,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jan Michael Vincent,It's fun
76561197971864806,Not Recommended,253250,16440882,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jabb3rwoq,Cant recommend this right now. Nice game and I really tried but its just too buggy to be playable. I realise this is early access but this game is not actually playable in the state its currently in.
76561198044397137,Not Recommended,253250,16734718,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ripley-J,so close... Still  a little to buggy. Will still keep an eye on this game for when it gets a full release
76561198247213624,Not Recommended,253250,25971532,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,rug_ang,"IT'S A REALLY NICE GAME TO PLAY BUT IT'S FRIGGIN IMPOSSIBLE TO DO ANYTHING! THE STUPID HEARTHLINGS GET STUCK, STRUCTURES LEFT UNFINISHED, LADDERS ABBANDONED EVERYWHERE, WHEN YOU TRY DO IT YOURSELF THE BUILDING MECHANISM IS JUST♥♥♥♥♥♥ ITS MAKE YOU RAGE AND POST ANGRY COMMENTS LIKE THIS ONE THAT YOU'LL LATER REGRET BUT ARE NOW JUST TOO EFFIN' ANGRY TO CARE ABOUT!"
,Not Recommended,253250,16236989,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Some Sick Dingus,"So far, after a few of hours of play, I think the game has potential but gives me the feeling that Alpha projects like this shouldn't be ""Early Access"" or more so paid for. Though I feel good about the developer and hope things update often. Hopefully weekly. If I get updates often and ones that pay off like I'm used to with the Early Access games I'm currently playing, then It should be well worth it.The art and sound all seem pretty good. More so for an Alpha... so much so that it worries me. I won't say anything bad about it... just that it seems like that energy could have been used to make better gameplay. Maybe they had more artistst durring development. I understand they have a plan and all but I'm not sure what they are going for.I'm looking at my red LUA error window, and it's up to 3000+ errors. I can sometimes still play but the window likes to pop back up a lot. I think this already exists sort of, as some kind of building error so I technically would be submitting a duplicate report... so I don't report it. Not even sure which or what of the errors I'm supposed to report.  If I could just push a button and send off a report, that would be fantastic. Alas, I have to navigate to the bug forum and search through a bunch of other existing errors to make sure mine don't already exist as posts. 3000+ of them. This just turns me off and discourages me. I came in with the concept that the game would be test-playable and easy to report problems, but that's not the case. Make it easy to report problems and a lot of that frustration goes away. I'm all for helping debug and I wouldn't have minded paying as much if there was just a little bit more attention to problem reporting detail before the Steam release. Feels bad to have to pay and do grunt work to get bugs worked out. Maybe there is a reward in it somewhere if one plays long enough. If future mod support is superior, that might make me feel better. Speculation and promises don't at this point.The other thing that is boggling and disappointing is that the game has fully featured building elements but no way to demolish the buildings that are made. Seems like someone is missing something important. I don't know if the developers are locked in some strange dimention far away from logical game mechanics... I don't want to sound mean, but this seems very dumb even for Alpha.The other things, like villagers not finishing buildings properly, idling when stuff could be done... I think these are already reported a few times in the ""bug tracker"". And most of the time I can close/open or just save and re-load and that seems to fix some weirdness and the error spams. So I got a bit of fun out of it but the problems seem to crop up frequently, killing the flow and feeling more like developer work than gameplay. It seems worth giving it time, or rather I want to feel like it's worth giving it time, but if I don't see a good bug fix in a week I'll probably have to ask for a refund. I can't recommend paying for this yet and I feel dissapointed considering what I paid."
,Not Recommended,253250,29711804,Posted: 4 February,all,Dj Dangledick,"In it's current state, not worth 27 dollars."
,Not Recommended,253250,29282896,Posted: 15 January,all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"Fix your AI, I'm not saying yes until I can play a game where the people don't build a building and trap other's on a ledge to starve to death when they're done and remove the ladders."
76561197970875686,Not Recommended,253250,23939469,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Draknar986,"Do not recommend. Combat controls are too awkward, and the dev tools mod is too limited.  You should be able to edit characters' stats and such.Part of the fun of these ""sandbox"" games is to do what you want, but it feels very constrained.  You either have ""Peaceful"" mode, or ""survival"" mode, but you can't setup your base to, say, fight off hordes of enemies.I think what annoys me most, is how *easy* it should be to implement those tools.I will happily change my review in the future if more edit-ability is added."
76561198080245291,Not Recommended,253250,30357663,Posted: 6 March,all,Venom,-where is the Multiplayer ???-Incomplete & buggy game and it feels quite dead  .-Dev are too lazyDON'T BUY THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,253250,31567637,Posted: 5 May,all,tysonp,Regret having bought it.  Played for a bit and realized some of the more basic functions haven't been perfected which lead to a poor gameplay experience.
76561198300280654,Recommended,253250,23373273,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,its__gamemaster,Developers on Stonehearth if you care for your buyers of this game will you please help me get stonehaerth working.Every time i press play is says error with an unkown source please reply if you care please im begging.Im not waisting $25 on a agme i cant play i think i checked the product for free box.please help me
,Not Recommended,253250,16436658,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,o.p-d,"This game has some potential but due to several (gamebreaking) bugs it is barely playable.For a game with a focus on building stuff, one would expect the builing mechanics to work more or less (early acess or not) but it really does not. Most builings (which are slightly more complicated than: four wall + roof) wil not get finished or the building tool will kinda crash. The inability to remove buildings does not help.The worker AI is also very glitchy and in most cases a (pretty annoying) reload of the game helps, but not always...So, what do i think about the game?I like the overall setting and i also like the simplistic graphis style. I think, this game has a lot of potential and will be very good + addicting, when its finished.Is it worth your money (leaving aside the early access nonsense)?No, not yet -> ""too early access"""
76561198048696400,Not Recommended,253250,28786881,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,theZou,"This is a good idea. Take dwarf fortress, make it into a GUI. But my goodness, the execution. Its horid. Not so much in how everything works, its ok in that department, but how many things can you see on screen? Basically nothing. Its like your always in 480 or 720 when you have 1440 resolution. It works, but it looks like its from the 90s. Add more units, a larger area you can see at once, and mabe it will be passable. I would return it if I could at the current state."
76561198011235697,Not Recommended,253250,25886703,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,emmkyd,"useless. DONT BUY, not able to play this game.it doesnt load.i tried on another stronger machine (2 graphics and iCore 7), really laggy and graphics is glitchy.the game just doesnt run"
,Not Recommended,253250,22170739,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DragonBeast,charhed oce i select my gameplay
76561198072971556,Not Recommended,253250,34872715,Posted: 10 September,all,peruwiadomo,More than two years in dev and still needs loots of work. :(
76561198281984017,Not Recommended,253250,23126138,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,joshua.zenick,It deleted 6 hours of progress
,Not Recommended,253250,28759759,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[YAC] Thunderstorm,"Interface workflow makes management a chore, the ""art style"" with its complete lack of material textures is downright ugly, building design includes game breaking bugs, combat means finding your soldiers and individually pointing them into the rough direction of the enemy.A good idea and concept very badly implemented. After 1.5 years in early access, I expected something more playable, not having to write down items from one interface to feed them into another."
76561198134626441,Not Recommended,253250,29803785,Posted: 9 February,all,tharo72,"Giving a bad review because just trying to move around is terrible, your camera view is so clunky and just bad. Like you can't hold right mouse click to turn and use ""w"" to move forward at the same time. Then trying to view in mines or trying to mine at all is nearly impossible due to really bad camera. Could be good game but the camera and how mining works makes it unplayable, waste of money"
76561198015304368,Not Recommended,253250,23810800,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SlicingTheMoon,"Do not buy this game, mine got stuck and even after re installing it wont fix. I wanted to play on full screen, but apearently that froze the game when ever i started it, I can not even click on the settings to fix that. The developers should be a shamed to put this out on steam, it did look nice so i wanted to play it, now i just want my money back."
,Not Recommended,253250,32516117,Posted: 17 June,all,RemyS,Decent game but not worth $25
,Not Recommended,253250,28350301,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"im enjoying myself so far but wont be long before im bored, had to configure computer to play the game as , as soon as it downloaded i was faced with white error screen when loading start up so had to sort that out before playing .... the game is pretty buggy, although not really crashing on me the games performance slowly but kinda quickly if that makes sence drops on you the more minutes your in game and you start to notice things stutter . gave up on normal play and had to start playing hard as other options are just way too easy, but im finding hard to possibly be way too hard, theres no middle ground. its ok i suppose and i would give this game a thumbs up if i had payed no more than 12 pounds for it"
76561198180903174,Recommended,253250,28499076,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,T-Mobile,"Agenda:                               'This game is as grrrrreat as frosted flakes'- MyselfChop WoodMake Houses                           'Would r8 8 out of 8 m8. What you r8 m8?'Mine Ore                                                      -That person in the mirrorMake WallsKill Monsters     'Honestly, this game is great. So much to do, so many things to try and earn. 10 out of 10'Hire Citezens                                                                 - WingusPhleb"
76561198268600613,Not Recommended,253250,25228845,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ameenameer496,"please help me, the game works well but one problem the playing lagt many helpful can you help me."
76561198253041188,Recommended,253250,28230410,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Glacial Roller,dear creators of stonehearth this is a personal message about 2 of my save files i would like all my save files redone because two of my worlds are gone because my soldiers were out fighting and more enemys came and well if i didnt save the every one would be dead trust me i have played it out to see what would happen and the eventual thing is death because in my two worlds im at the kobold stage and clearly 5 people are not enough to fight kobolds even if they where all soldiers so i would like my saves to have all hostile mobs destroyed so that i can play on those two worlds again and if you guys do see this message and fix my worlds then thank you for reading this
76561198028255555,Not Recommended,253250,16370690,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kanrath,"As far as potential goes I think this game has quite a bit, and while I would not reccomend the game as it is due to the reasons below, in time it should reach the point of being a worthwhile game for the current cost. Which is another thing..this game right now at most should be 15-20, since its not a game with a lot of content and with some major fatal bugs. Currently most lot of the planned content is no where near being in which makes me question the pricing decision. Right now only 1/3rd of the intended jobs are in.During my five hours of gameplay I consantly ran into UI crashes and system failures, which would result in parts of the UI or game becoming unusable forcing you to reload. Twice now it has nearly crashed my pc to the point I was forced to do a false restart where the computer shuts the program down since you hit the power button but you then cancle the restart when it asks you to close your notepad. The game draws more ram then needed from your system causing sound glitches. Also combat in it can be frustraiting, having to use a badly designed party/designated area targeting system. And a warning, do NOT save when one of your characters is in direct combat, when you load the game takes a while to load the ui and seems to suddenly jump a minute or so ahead in combat, often instanly killing any non guard character without giving you the chance to react."
76561198019198267,Recommended,253250,28571719,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LawzoL,"Okay, this is fun. Heavily racist, but very fun with a mod. :-/ Danger zone maybe? Nah, heres how it is:It's a Banished/Minecraft clone essentially with the diffrence that exploring is limited to a smallish area and it's purely a town ownership and creation type game gathering resources etc with ikkle people/hearthlings, but it's enough to keep you hooked for endless hours once you realise that you can actually create your own building designs from literally the ground up. Forget the standard builds you can just select and place in the world for the Hearthlings to work for you, honestly, I recommend creating your own 10>20 person dining hall with a sleeping area on a second floor for the same amount in the beginning of this, then create walls etc.There are still some bugs that need ironing out, but for the price at the moment, it's a very enjoyable game and the devs are working hard on this continuously.Now, if you havent already fallen asleep reading this boring review I will get to the racism part...........We all like Multiculturism to a level where certain religions are NOT concerned, but if you choose ""The Ascendancy"" and want to have your town based on European based medievel type era castles etc you have to go through the randomise option a hundred times before you can get a full set of ginger, brown or black haired WHITE Hearthlings and 9/10 times they will all have rubbish stats, so you are forced to relive history as some kind of reinvention where all other nationalities were magically ""transported"" in like a bad star trek episode, where in the early year 1000's there were all colours and nationalities in old blighty and Europe. Yes I know, it's fiction with regard to stone monsters etc, but the castle walls and weapons etc are based on historical European designs.Not racist on my behalf, I want to recreate my tribe as per my historical descendancy!Now, however and the MAIN point here.........if you choose 'Rayyas Children' to play on either the Forest or Desert biomes and decide to import your white Hearthlings through that randomise button, you will spend eternity clicking and clicking to have a WIlliam Wallace white, brown haired hardcore dude as a hearthling because you can only play that sect as people with coloured skin!See where I am going here? ;-)Luckily there is a non dev mod available in the Steam store I eventually found, but really? You shouldnt have to use a mod to recreate a castle and medieval atmosphere! This is a game for the paying customer after all and everyone is scared of pointing this fact out due to being branded racist against colour of skin. This is racist against whites in my opinion!All that being said, with the mod it's a fantastic little gem this and worth under 20 quid in my opinion. A lot of work to be done ESPECIALLY with the system resource it requires even though its a tad basic (Needs optimisation in the code), but it's already worth that asking tag at the moment.Great work you racist bunch of devs, but mods shouldnt be needed! :-D"
76561198241482468,Not Recommended,253250,28609681,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheTimeTraveler10,"It won't load.I can get into the game, pick a tribe, land, and difficulty, but when it comes down to actually doing something... It runs so slow I can't play.I love the idea and style of this game, but I can't play it. :/"
,Not Recommended,253250,25251725,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Larry™,Lag.Just lag
,Not Recommended,253250,16763428,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Whiteout,"Bought this at the suggestion of some friends. Played it for a little while and it wasn't my cup of tea, but wasn't aware time played would continue going while paused, with the steam overlay on, and with the game minimized. Apparently Steam doesn't care for their customers, so rather than actually review this game I'm going to just not recommend buying it."
76561198189038629,Not Recommended,253250,21354796,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The pyromantic gamer,it's a piece of  S**T
,Not Recommended,253250,16382681,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Professor Wowa,I think most people wont get more than 2-3 hours in before they post their review. Here's mine.I had to edit near the end where I got the team size wrong. It was my error. Which has reminded me not to edit at 3am.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO6e-4vls6Y&list=PLxQCBrkL-nbBHgOvn5xMmvIe-nIZDKuq6&index=24
76561198074406511,Not Recommended,253250,16485151,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,HonorableDoggo,"This game is cute, Not only cute but it look really fun. Is this right?? yes and no. This game is a good idea, hell a very good idea, but the bugs... pretty bad, I can understand when your people just leave♥♥♥♥♥♥on the building but when they just ignore youre commands to build or do anything at all... thats something else. Half the time my people needed food, I made a farmer and set them to plant corn, he just sad there and continued to starve, same with the trapper(s). Not to mention the building system is very unfriendly at the moment. A. when you try to make your own building, the game almost breaks when you try to have a structure with more then one floor, Then if you somehow get past that, half the time when you tell your workers to build it, even if you have everything you need they will continue to sit there. One this game is fixed I have little doubt it could be one of the best games of its type. but now it is anything but that. Do Not get this game now unless you want to wait for updates"
76561198077414424,Not Recommended,253250,24118146,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Svartur Negri,do not buy this game its boring as ♥♥♥♥
76561197976369046,Not Recommended,253250,29085511,Posted: 7 January,all,[TH]-Vegeta,"This game is some what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,your builders dont mine all blocks you set them to,they are running towards the other side of the map carrying materials,you cannot direct normal workers to move somewhere.I just lost a hearthling because of stupid game design(seems to be the norm in this industry for the past decade),when moving items in my town from box to box, the hearthlings walked to the other side of the map IN THE WATER for no reason, goblins spawned and killed them in 2 hits, seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, why are the path movements blocked? i have a town with roads, heaps of space, yet the AI decides to go on a trek for no reason (no loot to collect on this side of the map btw). ♥♥♥♥ knows why they are going out there? and why the hell cant i control theyre movements? get a grip...."
,Not Recommended,253250,28966021,Posted: 2 January,all,Harmonic,Caused multiple crashes on my PC
,Not Recommended,253250,28584468,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rut,"Look promising and graphic look nice.Did not play much before refund. The reason is the building mechanic makes me frustrated. It is quite clunky and you cannot modify the building once builted.I think, building modification should be able since early development phase, especially this game is sales in alpha state (which is already 5 years). I think there are different between adding addition features and debug VS problem of game mechanic and functionality.Browsing through the developer website and forum, there is no mention about putting this feature in the game at any stage of development. Probably the game engine is at fault and building modification is not possible.Hope the developer or those with deep insight with this game can help answer my question.For now, I do not recommend this game due to the problem I mentioned."
,Not Recommended,253250,29117811,Posted: 8 January,all,XxgoldenwarxX,They're are LIERS!! They say they fixed the JSON file problem. BUT THEY DIDN'T!!!! There is still a problem with it when I open it.
,Not Recommended,253250,28348255,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,✖ Just a Lord,The game is buggy and basically unplayable because the characters don't do the specific commands that I assign to them. So there is no possible way to progress with the development of my village.
,Not Recommended,253250,16262093,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Boon,Dwarf Fortress meets Minecraft meets Dungeon KeeperI very much like the concept. This type of game has a lot of potential.In its current state it is too buggy to be enjoyable for more than 4 hours.Looks like everything comes down to bad path finding right now. Devs say they are going to fix this. We'll see...Update [27.10.2015]- Pathfinding bugs are mostly fixed- Game starts crashing as soon as your village becomes too big (10+ villagers).(Extremely annoying since the game doesn't auto-save)
76561198069974355,Not Recommended,253250,16540834,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,xbuzbyx,"i think game loooks cool. but everytime i play a game it will freeze within the first 2 min, im not sure the problem is but i shouldnt have wasted money on a early access game so quickly"
,Not Recommended,253250,16270456,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,otokoyo,"Not sure how to play or rate this game with any real detail as my games always crash no more than 4 minutes in, hard lock, Windows reports program as crashed.Maybe this is a really good game, I don't know since I've only been able to see 3 or four actions completed."
,Not Recommended,253250,22835072,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,☾ SPQR ☽ SomeRandomStarWarzFan,Im getting a refund on this game and getting a game that is actually fun.
76561198126101826,Not Recommended,253250,29525257,Posted: 27 January,all,alexgursli,stone harth its good but my game wont start
,Not Recommended,253250,26366874,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,💕 Houlihan4077 💕,"This game gets old after you play it a few times, nothing new. Not fun after this point. And it is so slowww..."
,Not Recommended,253250,16538570,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,bell3636,"I think this game has loads of potential but in my opinon it's far to bugg to be sold for that much money. I have yet to get past about 10 days before the saved game deletes itself or something happens which means my map is unusuable.There are some little basic things as well that are quite annoying and you would think would be standard in a sandbox creation game. You cant take down items you have built. You cant have more than one building job on th go at a time. If you do start more than building at a time then they will do the latest one and never go back to the previous leaving lots of half finished stuff. and just more glitches then i can count. I was hoping for a more animated version of Gnomoria and frankly im dissapointed, especially after spending nearly £20.This will be fun when it's further along, but right now? No. Very dissapointing."
76561198058739359,Not Recommended,253250,16301729,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jcny85,Why won't this game launch
76561198126949028,Not Recommended,253250,16269255,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MrTonkaTit,keeps freaking crashing after 5 minutes.. not even playing on a crappy computer. wtf
76561198240707436,Not Recommended,253250,29157139,Posted: 9 January,all,Assenssion,Game lacks a decent tutorial and is hard to get the hang of w/o the tutorial
76561198242063902,Not Recommended,253250,26362796,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,GOD,ingewikkeld
76561198007249345,Not Recommended,253250,28920939,Posted: 1 January,all,Morgan Kane,Not worth a buy atm
,Not Recommended,253250,29398991,Posted: 21 January,all,ltr2002,I hate this game. It is very laggy and I can't play it very well.
76561198027613736,Not Recommended,253250,28832054,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DoctrStrange,BUgs and lazy dev...game will nvr be finished ....waste of time
76561198151591384,Not Recommended,253250,16298233,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ham,Sucks! Worst game ever! The people walk so slow! Dont buy the game! Im just glad i got a refund! Thanks Steam!
76561198213352737,Not Recommended,253250,28233459,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eadwyn,"wont run on my pc,gtx 970,16gb ram I7, i did almost everything. FIX IT DEVS."
,Not Recommended,253250,29049390,Posted: 5 January,all,koeio,"Crash simulatorIs hard to believe that in 2017 there are games like this that crashes on startup, this shows how this game is still underdevelopedDev support non existentasked for a refund..."
76561198006109049,Not Recommended,253250,28816530,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Blinkin,Lag simulator 2016
76561198064636956,Not Recommended,253250,22772897,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,abfree94,hey can i get my money back. not the game i thought it would be. still needs extreme polishing. it needs easier interface with the citizens and it also needs a tutorial. i dont want it and dont need it. please give me my money back.
76561197975458668,Not Recommended,253250,28595670,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,John Trivial,"Had super much fun for 3 hours, fought a lot of goblins and so on without a problem, and then finally some Orc came up and killed all my 16 people. Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, I am super mad now. Developer, you took all my fun and turned it into♥♥♥♥♥♥ How dumb can you be to make things like that in normal mode?"
76561198093337580,Recommended,253250,18387008,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,GentCat,"Hey just going to say this first this is only my 2nd review okay.I think this game is quite fun to play myself, you start of with few people and some tools and thats it. You have to gather resources from around the area you live inn and and either hunt, farm of find berries for food. Design your own buildings or choose one from the pre-made. Just remember to equip your guards to defend your Village from enemies. One of the things that you can do is to give each villager a job like a cook, blacksmith or a guard and more.Remember that this is still an early access game and there is still some bugs. But it means that there will come more fun stuff in the future aswell. I hope my review helped you in some way, Bye."
76561198172437546,Recommended,253250,18387385,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,jayman,Personally there needs to be something like little families in this game dont care how you do it but something like getting two citizens to have children would really help me with the population unless this is already in game sorry
76561198078664107,Recommended,253250,30385358,Posted: 7 March,all,ParkieBoi,"I highly recomment this game!!This game is amazing! It sure has a lot more to be complete, but it has come so far! I enjoy the new updates and it just gives me an excuse to jump back into the game and make a new village! Definitly the best game of its type!! Gotta love all the ideas and concepts that are being added often! It has such great potential and i can't wait for it to be completed! Great way to waste away my life! XDKeep up the good work!!!"
76561198018547437,Recommended,253250,30423542,Posted: 10 March,all,McGaZ,"Great town management game!Good to have a expansive crafting menu and a nice little military side to the game.Purchased quite early in the early access scheme and got annoyed with many bugs.Just recently returned to give it another look and its great to see many of the bugs fixed, although some are still around... but they dont outway the fun had whilst playing in my recent experience.This game has been out for a little while already and the bugs are slowly weeded out it seems...Hopefully the devs keep going, i dont think they are getting enough sales to devote a full time job worth of time and money for a a few to get it up there without too much delay... even though the early access is ment to help with that.Not sure id agree with the $25 pricetag... Try and snap it up on a sale on steam, or sneakily through Go2oA (take out the ""o"" steam doesnt like me listing the name) if they have it going for a good price.I just hope they get to the end for this game... its got decent potential to be awesome."
76561198017163291,Recommended,253250,30417927,Posted: 9 March,all,burntcereal,"Excellent game, would recommend already.  I love the art style, the building, the difficulty curve, and the randomly generated maps.  However, i would love some upward mobility past the current end-game.How about scientists?  Giving engineers more to do? I would also prefer to form alliances than kill everyone."
76561198044918247,Recommended,253250,28807468,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OwO,"NEW REVIEW: 3/9/2017PROS:-Fun management game.-Like the art style.-The ""Build-Your-Own-Buildings"" feature is great!CONS:-Crashes constantly. Sometimes it'll crash at random and other times it'll crash while saving.-Bug where people won't finish buildings. All the resources are made but they refuse to continue their work.-Bug where villagers build ladders then get stuck on ladders so you have to build a new ladder to get them down.-Bug where Cleric will not heal. Instead, they'll bash baddies with their book but they really should be healing!-The bigger your town becomes, the more your game will lag.-I'll mark a boulder I want the villagers to take down. Three weeks later, it'll still be there."
,Recommended,253250,30399650,Posted: 8 March,all,The Don Ego,I have had this game for quite awhile and have seen it go from super buggy with testing to nearly flawless in its released alpha stages. For anyone who likes resource management games and city builders I would highly reccommend this game for you. I have yet to test alpha v21 of this product but will be doing so soon.
76561198086956791,Not Recommended,253250,23454990,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,mr.davis232,"I would love to recommend this game. However, the bugs are horrible.  There are consistent problems when trying to build which cause buildings to stop mid process. Once this happens they cannot be finished. Further, if you are able to deconstruct them (once again bugs for that) they leave a hole which cannot be filled.  Thus, you cannot retry to build the structure at the same spot. If not for the overwhelmingly abundance of bad bugs this game would be great.Update as of 3/9/2017Same problems persist, even when you use their templates and don't try and make your own."
76561198068895276,Recommended,253250,30452059,Posted: 11 March,all,tim,"While still in development, this game is great. The building style gives a great look to the cube constructed buildings. Furthermore, the profession system makes gaining better crafters feel like an achievement.The downside of this game still being in development, however, means that it is not yet fully optimized (all villagers stop doing things in large villages on 2x speed) and that the game doesn't contain any real endgame yet (except for creating nice looking villages and buildings)."
76561198046036230,Recommended,253250,30481308,Posted: 12 March,all,Mizu Zoo zU,Its got some bugs still but worth the buy if you got the dosh to throw away.
76561198009277051,Recommended,253250,29472568,Posted: 24 January,all,Thrym,"A rather fun take on town/city management games. As an early access title, there are still missing features and bugs, but the developers are actively updating the game. Shows good promise."
,Recommended,253250,16262525,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,✪ ExSolid #Solideste Echse,"I really like this game from its  ideas BUT I have played it a while now and I noticed some things that you cant remove when building them or they wont even be build and that caused me to start a new game a lot... I still think its a great game with a bright future, but it needs some work."
76561197966643524,Recommended,253250,29534971,Posted: 27 January,all,Century Duster,great game has some bugs to work out but its still a work in progress.
76561198075378876,Recommended,253250,17236697,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,MakE_Me_HappY,"the game is enteresting, but not ready:("
76561198044348029,Recommended,253250,17237523,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Roman,"Its a fun little game. Not much going on now, you build up a city and then eventually you get it to where you want it and restart, or monsters come in and kill all your people and you get annoyed and restart. It's a bit pricy at $25 which is a lot to ask for from a game ""in the works"" but I think the price tag is due more to the donors backing up the game than people actually paying for content. Either way this game is making good progress and honestly I am happy to pay full price to support this game and its development team.Pro:Game making good progress in developmentKeeps the public up to dateYou can spend hours and hours doing nothing but building the perfect cityHas the basics and some of the more advanced features already includedCons:Pretty repetative after a whileOnce your town is constructed theres nothing really left to doA few bugs (To be expected from Early Access)Price v content isnt the greatestOverall Opinion:If you want to support a game and its Development team, this is a good investment. There is no keeping people in the dark here, this is Early Access but you know where the game is going. The game is constantly being updated to include bigger and better things but currently if your going for content your overpaying. The game is a big time killer though so if your going for hours of gameplay this is the game for you."
,Recommended,253250,17240906,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Scoddy,Buggy af but generally very fun.
76561198115252543,Recommended,253250,17240909,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mattreda44,very promising
,Recommended,253250,17175786,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Don Berna,started citygoblin scared my peoplegoblin took my gold and killed my people11/10 would goblin agianthrow money at this game now
,Recommended,253250,17177596,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sam /-/,"Really engaging. A little bit lacking on content, but it's enough for early access. Also, devs and community are amazing. Keep a VERY close tab on this one - potential everywhere!"
76561198031832303,Recommended,253250,17085128,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Davidic SSJ4,"It's unplayable for me. Everytime I get into the game, it works fine for a few minutes and then the screen goes black. The game is still running ( I press escape and the menu sound plays, I can hear my villagers working) but I can't see anything. I saw this game on youtube and was excited to play but I guess I'll have to wait for an update...EDIT: Well, I've been playing for several hours now and while I can't say that I have completely resolved the issue, I've managed to reduce the number of these crashes by playing mostly in the  'slice' view. Not sure why that works but anyway it is a good game for early access.EDIT 2: Been playing for a few days now and it seems the issue had nothing to do with wheter I'm playing in slice mode or not. I switched to the 32 bit version and I have not experienced the crashing anymore. However I have noticed a ton of ""UI errors"" that keep popping up during gameply. That aside, I still recommend this game and think if people are willing to look past the little issues here and there, this game is AWESOME! Can't wait until it is completed!"
76561198042376599,Recommended,253250,17033540,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,WisdomTooth8,"I really like this game but it's so irritatingly buggy - I just spent AGES trying to troubleshoot why my workers wouldn't finish a wall off so I removed the structure only to find no way to remove the first part of the wall that they wouldn't flipping finish... There really needs to be a ""demolish"" feature added, and I'm sure work will be done to improve the workers AI (which isn't actually that bad). It'd also help to have some kind of indicator show if something is in the way of a build.In any case, good fun so far but I've had to rage quit one too many times for now."
76561197989201019,Recommended,253250,17214004,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Psifen,"Fantastic game, so much potential here. Can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,253250,17214425,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LeoNAI,"Been playing it awhile but there is some bug though. it was a fun game but it still not finish yet. The Ui always crash and need to be refresh from time to time. The other problem is the ai, they seem to stop working or building when u reach some time playing mybe like 30 minute or so."
76561197963360231,Recommended,253250,17215009,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[SXR] Slave,Great Game! You can design your own building.The developer is working hard to make this a fun game which it is.I Think it is worth the cash for the game myself!
76561198139919988,Recommended,253250,17269017,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bill Murry The Science Curry,"I think its a great games, slow pace and fun to play, if you are like me and like that, but their are a few problem and items hat need to be added.- Stairs for buildings- Allow you to place storeage areas inside- More Jobs- maybe a quest/ story based mode- a faster way of getting hearthlings (the People) you can only get one a day and they can die fairly easily, add somthing like a reproduction method, were if you have two hearthling of different sexs to creat a baby and then that grows up so you population grows faster, making the game faster paced.all in all, a good game, bit steep on price though."
,Recommended,253250,17273247,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Mouse,"This game is incredibly adorable, but in its current state it drops you into an amazing little world with only tooltips to guide you. It's very fun for those who like a splash of adventure, exploration, town defending and building your own unique world from the square foundation. However, be sure to check out the community StoneHearth website for Getting Started info and keep these few things in mind when you get started!1.) Hearthlings are all unique little characters with their own stats. Before you assign Professions always check their stats to see if they'll be a good match for what you want them to do. Footsoldiers need a good Body stat and higher Courage or else they'll not defend much of anything!2.) Don't forget to have at least one Carpenter, one Trapper/Farmer, and one Fighter at the beginning of the game. Keep at least 3 to 4 Workers in order to keep general building/clearing tasks moving!3.) It's in alpha. You're going to crash. So much. Don't play this unless you've got a lot of patience to experiment and hate to risk losing your progress and remember to save often. If you find a bug, report it so the Devs know what's going on!"
76561198003562519,Recommended,253250,17232613,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,iPaon,สั้น ๆ สนุกมาก
76561198159891485,Recommended,253250,17257666,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,BoostedGod69808,hey steam umm this game is fery good and fun but u have to either give me 25 dallers of fix this for me do both plz
,Recommended,253250,17259287,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Reese,Liking the game. Love where it can go from here. Optimizations are still needed. The lag always wins at the moment. Not sure if its worth the price for what it is right now but to support the developers I say go for it.
,Recommended,253250,17282391,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,⎛⎝LUFFY⎠⎞,Dev for this game is really working on this title.They have update their blog every Tuesday which I love it.Game still have bugs but its playable.
,Recommended,253250,17515145,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,DoomPickle,So far the game is in early dev but its pretty fun as is.  I have high hopes for the final release.   I am looking forward to seeing the other class tiers open up and other building patterns etc.
,Recommended,253250,30519116,Posted: 14 March,all,Cremelime @ Twitch.Tv,25$ for this game?Worth it.
76561198034433281,Recommended,253250,17924775,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Harikurien,so got the game a lil while ago and raather recentley not sure if this was meantor not my hearthlings all started swimming when i told em to make a road that would circle this lake that i was/am going to have as a sort of center piece for my village it made my day watching them do this after having 3 games of this not happening and people gathering at the waters edge doing nothing?aso having magical sheep that apear out of thin air and having the hang out in my stockpiles is funny
,Recommended,253250,17943877,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,macsrigg,"Does the game have problems? Totally, but it's Early Access so I'm recommending this on the hope the flaws get worked out.Only problems I REALLY want fixed that are kinda game-breaking all are in the AI of the Hearthlings. Mine might randomly stop working (they all go idle at once and stay that way) or will refuse to put anything in the designated storage areas unless I practically hold a gun to their heads (the AI can't prioritize things presently so it kinda becomes a cluster♥♥♥♥ if more than two instructions are given to them at once).Also how the Hearthlings build needs tweaking desperately. If you say forget to put a roof on a building, you'd think you could just plop one on and that's the end. Unfortunately, my citizens don't seem to get the concept of finishing the wall segemnts on the raised roof, leaving a horrible looking mess of ladders and scaffolding. As other people have mentioned in the forums, these little guys REALLY don't get the concept of walls inside a building either (they refuse to put a roof on a building with free-standing walls inside it, so goodbye privacy in the lodge.Despite these major flaws, the game is awesome. It's like Banished but more cartoony and owns the childish tone amazingly. If anything, it's just like when Banished first got on Steam, and after getting major bugs worked out, it's one of my favorite games to play if I want to micromanage.Overall, BUY THIS BECAUSE MAULS ARE FOR ""FLATTENING FACES."" Best description ever for a stone hammer."
76561198088186607,Recommended,253250,18088914,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Generic_B,realy cool
76561198097528994,Recommended,253250,18076699,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Irish,"Fun and playable. The enemies are fairly easy to beat and once you figure food out there is almost too much to manage. But since it isn't done yet and there obviously will be more things to build/etc I'd say it's good right now for an afternoon of fun. Happy with the buy, will look forward to updates"
76561198202527380,Recommended,253250,18063895,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Juice™,"If ""Dwarf Fortress"" & ""Minecraft"" had a baby it would be stonehearth."
,Recommended,253250,18019438,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Winged Darkness,"Even with the game still in early developement, we can see the work that has been puted in this game. But if you don't like bugy games, don't it yet."
76561197975695765,Recommended,253250,18049082,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Vulcore,"When I first spotted this game dithered for weeks as to whether I should get it now or wait till it was finished.I did in the end take the plunge and am glad I did. This is set to be a great game. Even in the early release state the game is enjoyable.There are of course still bugs, performance issues and additional features to be worked though. All indications are that the developers are keen to get these resolved rather than leave it as an endless development.If you think this might be your type of game but like me you are curious	 about early release games, then I say to you this one it worth the punt."
,Recommended,253250,18210997,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Million Arthur,Great game but...2 things.A. BUGGY AS HELLB. Probably gonna get sued by blizzard.
76561197997397719,Recommended,253250,18156950,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Izzy,this game is amazing! still trying to figure out why my villagers are randomly kicking the bucket though!
76561198083114818,Recommended,253250,18118147,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,xXxKulakKillerxXx,It crashes alot
,Recommended,253250,18132417,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Northern Frost,"Although I don't have many hours in this game, I have been playing it constantly.The screenshots gave me the idea that there was more to this game already than there was, but when I really got into the game, I realized it was still pretty early on in the development and not many things such as premade building plans were available. BUT THAT'S OKAY. Because you can custom design buildings to however to like, so as long as you're not lazy, you're good!This game still is very, VERY in-depth for it's stage in Early Access. I'm very happy with my purchase, and I would recommend it to lots of friends. Can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,253250,16315549,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ryzn,Good game.
,Recommended,253250,18140701,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Prussian V.,"[CONTAINS GAME BREAKING BUGS]Sadly so far the game contains game breaking bugs so if you purchase this be warned you WILL encounter them at some point, but I will honestly say this I don't regret purchasing the game the concept is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic you will grow to love each hearthling (your villager), it's truly down to you on how you want the play the game you can be anything from a japanease village to a cave dwelling society the combat as well has alot to promise archers, dwaves and mages at some point will hopefully be introduced into the game and despite a month gap every once in awhile they do update it regulary and the community is WONDERFUL even in alpha stage there is already alot of mods avaliable.This being said I doubt it will be stable enough to play effectly till the end of the year *this is just an opinion keep this in mind* BUT I will say if they are able to fix the game breaking dead AI bug first then the game will be worth a good play without as much worry about it breaking down on you.I really love this game its something I've been waiting for since I was a ankle biter so I COMPLETELY recommend it ^^"
,Recommended,253250,18142383,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,|FG| A.K.A. KSCase |IOA|,"This is most definitely a fun game. It needs a workshop to share building designs, but building a new building is fairly easy anyways. Give it a try!"
76561198080471322,Recommended,253250,18180197,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Asura Kishin,"Once the next update comes out and some of the lag from lua, and the bug I seem to have with combat is fixed. Im going straight back to it :3"
76561198039553804,Recommended,253250,18167328,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cu Sidhe,"I would whole heartedly recomend this game in about 2-3 months.  From everything that I've been able to gleen about the dev team they are what we wish every dev team was like.  The communication is great and they seem to be open to ideas and want our input to make everybodies experience better.The game itself is wonderful - bugs and all.If you like 3D town building games and enjoy voxel style, this game is the best.  Enjoy the ride as your Hearthlings experience joy and sadness, prosperity and hardship as you lead them into a harsh untamed world full of skeletons and goblins and wolves, oh my!"
,Recommended,253250,18177562,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,A Smelly Wizard,okay so if you buy this you need to save day and night you may get a bug that make your GUI go away 2end tip DO NOT MESS WITH THE BAGES FROM THE GOBLENS they get taken down now im sure your like so what evs if they get taken down the person taking it down might become a head so DO NOT MESS WITH them and 3rd your crafters may get stuck and not move there two ways i have found so far one is change the job and then change it back or wait for them to get hungry BTW 10/10 okay so i am editing this and i think if they get hungry it will solve all bugs that make them not move so the head just wait and you may be good
,Recommended,253250,18092560,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Aberle222111,This game is like creating your very own minecraft villiage.  Very fun game can't wait for the finished product.
76561197995268369,Recommended,253250,16777287,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Layla,"love this little game, reminds me of my Sims, its so cute! you care for and manage a group of settlers and create a village for them, assigning jobs and protecting them, while customising the buildings and stuff.Highly Recommend this cute little Gem of  agame.:)"
76561197975626584,Recommended,253250,16782716,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Heckler,"For being a early access game, I'm pleasantly pleased.  Other games I have purchased in early-access were a disaster; unresponsive devs, focus on pay-elements #microtransactions, while the game is more-or-less unplayable.  While this game isn't free of bugs, the overall game play mechanics are here and there is easily 10-20 hours worth of quality game-play.I've been looking for a game of this type for sometime.  Minecraft is too much like 'Toil-craft' and this game gives a lot of thought to how to get the great parts of minecraft (city building, resource management, warfare, politics) but multiplayer hasn't been executed yet.  My personal hopes is that they make a persistent world for multiplayer where multiple player-controlled towns can be built and trade established between them.If they can knock multiplayer our of the park, I imagine a large group of people will put down toil-craft for Stonehearth (where you're NPCs do the toiling and leave you to planning / management).Worth a look!"
76561198103242748,Recommended,253250,16664954,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,XxxGuildedxxX,"My game crashes a short period after i have started playing. It says the game can not respond and i have to close out the game and restart it from a new world, not having any saved process. The game seems great but can someone help me find a way to stop it from crashing?"
76561198122090154,Recommended,253250,16665219,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Endenix Gaming,Such and Awsome game deffinetly get if you like games that envolve building
76561198048177619,Recommended,253250,16674163,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Joetee,The game Is already proper good fun and its still in Alpha! Its a good paced game and is easily enjoyable.
76561198129640203,Recommended,253250,16676254,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BreadInDaMiddle,"Look, I love this game as much as the next guy, but theres this ONE glitch that keeps on getting in the way... when you mine Straight down to get to the other part of the land. they get stuck ;_; Rather then that i think its a GREAT game. i look forward to new updates and alot more kewl stuff :3"
76561197994626761,Recommended,253250,16678456,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Belayg,"I really love town builders and sim games of this nature. A friend of mine recomended I watch his video about it and his recommendation was wait for a sale. But, being impulsive I bought the game anyway and if it lives up to its potential I consider to be well worth getting. The art style is great and the potential is there. The developers seem to have a plan of where their going. But, again, it is early access so its ultimately up to you. If you like the potential and are patient buy. If your more risk adverse don't. And it would be rude to not, so here's the video that helped me decide...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2dl1DRzvfY"
,Recommended,253250,16679703,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,WestfordPunk,Thisi game is soooo addicting and I love playing it as it develops! Great work Radiant Entertainment!
76561197990248957,Recommended,253250,16716939,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,anduril1015,It's a fun game but I pretty much ran out of things to do after a couple hours of play. Need more updates! I could make everything and all the classes aren't available yet.
,Recommended,253250,16699740,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,King Henrik,"loads of potential. The game is incomplete and buggy, but its still in Alpha stages being develped so thats to be expected. Still had a lot of fun playing it and I recommend it."
,Recommended,253250,16706716,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cløud,"Despite the fact that this is only in Alpha and still has a long way to go, this game is really fun!But just be prepared when you face glitches and bugs! But have no fear, the developers are really active and does their best to stabalize the game each patch!The one big thing to be aware of the most is late game. As you progress, things tend to get a bit laggy as you expand and have more stuff.Best thing to do is...Start over and play again! It's still fun!Buy it! Try it! And get unremovable dirt stuck inside your building!"
,Recommended,253250,16765527,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Check M8,"Alright for this game all you have to do is go to the steam market and buy ""Towns"" after playing for about 10min you will realise that ""Towns"" is broken. Now you can buy this game and realise that 1. It works 2, It looks better, and 3. Its not done yet and has all the things it needs to be a working game."
76561198155906014,Recommended,253250,16770525,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DreamingOutLoud48,"This game has an amazing design and has amazing graphics. I have crashes every 1-3 minutes but like they say, it is in alpha. So am excited for this to be fixed! I love the game."
,Recommended,253250,16770949,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BlueBrasile,"great game, still lots of bugs, but it is still in alpha so its expected, deff would recommend a friend to buy"
,Recommended,253250,16948066,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,goos,"Even though this game is early access and has bugs, I still enjoyed my time playing it so far. The only thing I don't like is when you have crappy warriors and the goblin chieftan decides to attack."
76561197982197577,Recommended,253250,16948217,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,The Mane Man#BROTATOCHIP,"I just bought this game and let me tell you, i am impressed. for being in alpha it has a large amount of content and awesome qualities that kept me playing way longer thank I had thought i would.That being said. there are also a few bugs that need to be adressed. Most of my difficulties come rom the building custom buildings option. i enjoy the layout and how it all works, but i cant seem to figure out how to delete roads, old buildings, messed up building and things like that. The AI seems to keep messing up on my customs and crashing either the game or half build a building than stopping like its done. if you can workpast this however this is great. past that really just being able to design block by block would be nice im just having trouble getting the details.on the flip side, I love the RPG element that allows me to level up my individual people, there are moments of calm and time to build and there is moments of panic when you lose a key person. there are many ways to customize and design so many things that you can really make it your own. Striving to have a functioning town that can maintain itsself is a forever going stuggle of fun.I personally cant wait for multiplayer which i belive they said they would be adding, more classes, more items, and really just more content! Thats all i really want is just more conent!  i would recomend this game to anyone who doesnt mind minecraft like graphics, city builders, strategy game players, business simulation/economy, really anyone who is willing to sit down and play a game for longer than 30 minutes.Fix the bugs,More content please."
76561198033060959,Recommended,253250,16950137,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Wookie,"First off, I do enjoy this game and I do recommend it but I do have some problems with it.-There is a sharp learning curveYou have to firgure out most of it on your own, both a Pro and a Con-Its easy to get the 'what now?' feelingI got to the point where I have my Hearthlings just doing what they do with almost no imput from me. I have houses so that they do not have to share a bed, my farm is giving me a surplus of food and I can easily get the required net worth by selling extra food-Job levels with no rewardsAs your Hearthlings do their job, they level up in them. This is nice as it shows them getting better but there is little point  in it. Once you hit level 2 in a job, most of them have everything they can make. Sure they can get some nice abilities from leveling their jobs more but there is not much need for them to make stuff to level up after a point. Before you say anything, I see the 'higher teir' jobs, but I lose intrest in my town and start a new one because it turns into a remake of GrindQuest 2 : More Grinding (running joke).Its a good game, nice replay and will require some playtime to learn. Each time you play you will figure out how to advance quicker and further... but is anyone else reminded of Dwarf Fortress?"
,Recommended,253250,17377331,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Jack Bright,"This game is a load of fun and you'll come back to it time and again. Its not finished, don't expect too much endgame, but its good to pick up and come back to later when you're bored and you walk away satisfied.That being said, it does have some major bug issues, every couple hours you'll hit a game breaker but they're fixable by restarting the game. Hearthlings have their task priorities kinda skewed but its allright."
,Recommended,253250,17435959,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,bryan123546,love this game. 10/10
76561197996902297,Recommended,253250,17344470,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Magekind,"Cute and simple, this game is reminiscent of older titles, like Settlers, with a bit of Banished thrown in. While still a bit buggy, it's playful and fun."
,Recommended,253250,21569726,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MeanMattVI,This game is awesome. Highly reccommend.
76561198255596817,Recommended,253250,21246330,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gam3r_2,"This is a great game to just sit down and relax with for a couple of hours and the graphics look AMAZING. The one thing i would like to see added to the game would be the use of covering up holes, or else i have never found it and would like to know where i can do that haha love the game though GREAT JOB A+++"
,Recommended,253250,20176369,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bazoka810,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing developers. They're actually fixing stuff, and provide a steady stream of news and updates. Love the game, love the devs. Can't wait for multiplayer, that's when I can convince all my friends to get it!"
,Not Recommended,253250,21674098,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Gustaf,"Game is extremely buggy with it's AI pathing, had to request a refund because the AI couldn't even finish making a single building"
,Recommended,253250,21675372,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,scrub4HIRE,"To say the least, this is a great game and I would suggest it to any city-builder fan. My only problem is the bugs; but that is to be expected from an early alpha game. Most of the time, my Hearthlings stand around doing nothing until they either starve to death or are put out of misery by some other force, but for the 40 or so pecent chance they DO follow orders, it's a great game. I hope the devs continue to work on this. It's a great game with great potential; just need to fix the experience ruining bugs.7/10"
,Recommended,253250,21644854,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[CELL] YUMHardyABC,"This game is great.For being in alpha, there is a nice amount od depth. The community and devs are really great and have consistent patches. The game keeps getting better and will get MUCH better once it is in its full version. Hard to run for crappy computers, and bigger towns need better support, but this is still getting worked on. I personally love the art style - not many friends disagree with that opinion. The animation and engine are really nice to work with. Price is worth it.9/10 - will probably get all the way to 10/10 when its fully developed :steamhappy:"
76561198067703971,Not Recommended,253250,28912002,Posted: 1 January,all,LeeSteels,"Have to update this, I gave this a thumbs up a while back and a decent review. Unfortunately that has changed, the Dev team fails time and time again to address the LUA lag created when the hearthlings were trying to decide which order to do next. Creating massive lag spikes around 20 hearthlings, with my rig I should be able to comfortably run 50 hearthlings while rendering a video in the background. This failure to move the development along is reason enough to not recommend this game, the point of purchasing an early access is so the development team can afford to hire help, pay their bills and focus on rolling out the game they've promised. Unfortunately I think the greed has overcome the dev team and will ultimately be abandoned before full release."
76561198170923422,Recommended,253250,21647201,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ghostface143,Really fun game .
,Recommended,253250,17349602,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DarkCenturion,Even though this game has many bugs and much to go its holds great potential and a wonderfull feel of pride when you get something new after working for it for awhile the music is great and the devs are updating and making the game better fairy constantly which in my eyes is good enough when there arehardworking devs there is a great game being produced in the backround.
76561197970960417,Not Recommended,253250,21375250,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Qing,"Meh.  It's cute; like you might think you are going to get something like minecraft but it's really not.  You can dig blocks out of the dirt but that's just to harvest randomly placed ores.  And, you have to be really attentive to how you give your dig instructions or they will dig a hole they can't get out of... and starve without warning.  Beyond that it's kind of like any other crafting game; you have to have your tradespeople level up before they can build certain things, or unlock more types of trades/specialties. What you cannot do is control any of the villagers.  The only controls you have are your build queue, you can designate areas for mining, loot collection, you can set up zones for farming plants, animals, trapping, (much like Sim City)  and you can order an 'alert' where all the villagers run to your designated safe-zone, marked by a flag.  You can relocate the flag as your village changes.  The only villagers you can slightly control are the footmen, which have 3 or 4 basic instructions that really all amount to the same thing... ""move here and fight any threats"".  The threats are nothing too severe... the occasional zombie, golem etc that wants to steal your stuff or kill your villagers.  Oh, and don't forget to cancel your footmen's orders when the fighting is done or they will stick to their new post, and starve without comment.The pace is ponderous... it has 2 speeds, neither of which is fast enough to make the time go by, but the accelerated speed is too fast to be able to react well to some of the hostiles that show up.  It'd be nice if it had instad of 1x/2x, it had 5x/10x and option to drop to normal speed when a zombie alert shows up.So... it looks like a good game for younger kids but I think the crafting system and build-requirements are just a touch too complex for them.  Anyone else may enjoy it until they come to the realization... this is really all there is."
76561198036997844,Recommended,253250,21588799,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,PFC J. Hampton [187th],"This Game is incredible already. But I'd like to take this time to point out that the dev's have been releasing new content like crazy and fixing bugs like a great dev team should. not only is the game great, but its going to be one of the classics simply because the dev team listens to the community, and takes care of business consistantly. This is a great group of devs that sadly you don't see enough in early access games. definitely buy it, as it is very playable and very fun right now, and it's only in Alpha."
76561198014984784,Recommended,253250,19433037,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Pixie,Daughter loves this game more than Minecraft :)
,Recommended,253250,21445395,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,KoF | Rensius,"10/10This game is great and is totally worth your money. I played it for a while now and I just can't get enough of this game! The developers are very close with the community and bring updates about the game every single week (on tuesday). I really think they care about us gamers.I like to compare this game with, The Sims, Simcity (or cities: skylines) and a little bit of Age of Empires. It is a citybuilder with a lot of micromanagement and sometimes you get attacked by scary monsters, that you need to kill with your small army of footmen (hope to see archers soon! They will be there!).The game is, ofcourse, because it is early access, somewhat buggy. But since the last update (alpha 14) a lot of them are fixed and great new content was added.My Pro's-Great micromanaging-citybuilder.-Lovely graphics, lightning effects and looks.-Perfect music (would love to hear more!)-Fun enemies and encounters.-Cool development team.-Roles you can assign to your hearthlings.-Easy to use building greator, but you can make it as impressive as you want. (block for block)-Great landscaping, water physics.My Cons-Bugs (duh! but I assume this will be temporary)-Only 1 combat musictrack, gets annoying after a while.-Some performance issues but I am sure they will be fixed. :)I am really looking forward to the Dwarves as a playable race, the winter biome aaaannddd.... MULTIPLAYER! I know it will be there eventually!This game is very promising and super fun!"
76561197965632649,Recommended,253250,21467890,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,RenegadeCEO,"While there isnt a whole lot to do in the current build and it tends to have many issues with crashing and not being able to make a new save file, the developer is very quick in releasing patches and adding more to the game.  One of the few early access games I've seen where you can actually see rapid development of the game."
76561197987810329,Recommended,253250,21611236,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,brandongmccartney,"impressive.   this game has the potential to take the developers into the big leagues.  easy to get the hang of and the enemy AI is .....surprising.   the AI creatures attacks goblins, and the goblims run when they're losing!!!!   it's great that whilst your getting ready for the attack, the goblins get attacked by the aligator thingies then run back to their little raiding camps.this game is gonna go far.And i actually get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sad, then restart when i lose one of my people.   i actually care.great game so far"
,Recommended,253250,21921458,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,BringBackAsbestos,"Stonehearth is a town building micromanager. If you like the idea of building a town from the ground up, harvesting resources, protecting your community, upgrading your village and leveling villagers to unlock more potential... this game is for youThis game... This isn't your usual early access. These devs are serious about bringing a quality game to the market. They don't want to take your money and run, they want to make a work of art for people to enjoy. Even in it's current state(no idea how many more updates are to come) it has gripped me - like no games seem to do anymore. I have played around 10 hours over the past two days and I'm pushing the limits of what is left to do, besides expand more. I will come back after more updates because at the moment I don't want to ruin the fun. It is more of a casual game at the moment, where you would play here and there. Not in 5 hour runs like I have done. I highly recommened buying and supporting the devs, it's seriously worth it!"
,Recommended,253250,21870209,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mr. Blackwell,"Ooof. First off I'd like to say I play a lot of early access games so I know to expect bugs and issues. You'll need that mind set for Stonehearth. For time's sake I'll just say there are ALOT of bugs still, some rather serious. There is almost zero in game help on how to do even the most basic game functions, thats ok it is a alpha stage game after all, but here's the next issue that finally made me have to turn the game off and write this review. When you look online how to do the super basic ABCs its old outdated infomation that no longer has any bearing with the current game. Assuming very few readers made it through all that complaining I'd like to end the review on this note, its still pretty fun (when you aren't pulling your hair out) and while the developers aren't pumping out updates like crazy they do seem to be plugging away at steadly which is more than you can say about a lot of early access.P.S. Bottem line is Stonehearth has a ton of potential and I'm glad I could support the developers. I just hope they keep working hard to make the game more stable to play."
76561197995464521,Recommended,253250,22048845,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,FiresKnight,"My pack was brutally murdered by goblins, only 3 remained so I decided to pack up and leave that area. Some goblins came by and saw what was going on..they literally stood there and watched."
,Recommended,253250,22055309,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,✠[OC]Neuby✠,Very fun game few bugs and great gameplay.
76561198089482655,Recommended,253250,22037007,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,RusstyBolt,"I'm not one to be big on micro management games, but this one is pretty darn good. The art style of it is unique. My computer system is by far not up to par, but even with performance that is just barely playable, I still very much enjoy playing this game.There are of course numorous bugs and glitches. The odd few that are game breaking. Less often are the ones that have forced me to start a new world. Which on it's own isn't bad, just let's you play more of it.Any issue that is being had with this game I can most certainly rely on it being fixed in a future patch, perhaps even optimization so that I might play at a decent rate.As it is now, probaly a 7/10When it's done, for sure a 10/10It's early access, don't expect Ferrari when you buy a Prius. A gold plated pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥is still a pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,253250,18102179,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TigerAce2712,"You know how sometimes you have a rough day, and you come home and just need something to relax?This is it."
76561198081808572,Recommended,253250,18109846,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Wyguy,"Ok, this game is all I could ever want, but at it's current state, I wouldn't recomend it. But if you do like this genre like me, you should definantly support it. Anyway, the game is in alpha, so expect bugs, crashes, and glitches. I feel once this game is complete, it be worth it for sure!"
,Recommended,253250,17769095,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,your mom,"Awesome game !I started playing since the version number 10.5And a pleasure to be a part of the Alpha !Developers are Usually  add new content to the game and he goes totally awesome !True, there are some glitches like ""idle problem"" But they will fix them soon !I believe that if you have a powerful enough computer , you'll be kings in this game !Amazing amazing amazing game ! (:"
,Recommended,253250,18578730,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Shadowflames,"This game is awesome, its very well thought out and is a very fun game"
76561198089808794,Recommended,253250,18549711,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xpali2,Wow. What an amazing game. There are a few things you might want to improve:Hunger and sickness killing your hearthlings would be a nice survival aspect. You could make a doctor profession.Maybe seasons?More professions!Selecting units and clicking to where you want them to go. I like to still be able to give my hearthlings a task in general and let them do it or some work that is more important. But it would be easier for the combat units.Horse cartsMore animalsShipsOnline cooperative play. Maybe PVPAmbient soundsGates and bridgesFires maybe have a firefighter professionStationary weapons like a balistaA school?Make your own religion or non-religion. Just something to make your own culture it would be a whole lot more customWeatherAnd I really want to see hearthlings being able to start a family and breedingI like it being a survival game. Please don't -unlike other titles (COUGH STARBOUND)- become an RPG game.Great game I love it. Good luck!
,Recommended,253250,18562714,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Comrade Polski,"A good game. Despite the common factor of early access with a bit of a lack in content, it has the potential to become something great. Think of it as a Rimworld without the modernization, or Civilization without the turn base-nees or tech trees, or At least not yet, but you never know with game developers . You can build bases, get new settlers and fight off enemies. I highly recommend this game if you like simulation games."
76561198062470741,Recommended,253250,18564849,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,hellequin,This is such a good game but there is still a few bug i have witness some and they can be a bit fustrating but so far this the best early acsess game ive seen it is awsome.
76561198027725064,Recommended,253250,18659812,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,nutan,this is an great game and i'm not the one careing big for city builder games but this one i'll manage with and it's alot of fun playing it
76561198032165710,Recommended,253250,18652498,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Smurgle,"This game is a cutsie version of Dwarf Fortress at its most basic level. I recommend it because it's fun to play and while basic, we must remember that nothing will ever be able to live up to the complexity and depth of DF, so we simply can't go into a game with that mindset. Thus, with that mindset and expectation I would recommend this game. It's ""DF on Wii"" fun."
,Recommended,253250,18644233,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Butch,"While still a major work in progress, StoneHearth provides a great experience. While primarily a strategy/resource management game, it also has the look and feel of popular voxel style block games. Also, it has elements of RPG that many town builder games lack.However, the game, as previously stated, is still a work in progress. The updates seem to take forever to be released and the game is riddled with bugs. I hope the game designers can pull together and really get some work done. I would love to see a finished product within the next year, though i currently doubt it."
76561198239610258,Recommended,253250,18648197,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Prof_Stein,"Thisgame is a great village/building simulater, the characters look good, the proffessions are all important and easy enough to figure out, the combat is as of right now a bit lacking but still good, the bugs in the ui and engine tend to make things difficult sometimes but that is to be expected of an early access game. i rate it a 6/10 right now but im certain that it will improve in time as long as we are patient.strong points: good design, easy to learn classesweak points: combat is lacking, slightly buggy UI (its early access so its expected)"
76561198183724759,Recommended,253250,18632129,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tokken,"A great game, it does it get somewhat repetitive after a while in some cases and it still has a ways to go but great potential!"
76561198093582703,Recommended,253250,18633540,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Pingu.-.,"Great game, but honestly I feel that it's useless to play it as of now, just an example:Hello, I am goblin, I want your goldies.I accept their request (due to little military)Game crashes O.ocan't wait till it's in release instead of beta"
,Recommended,253250,19068403,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Gamerofgold,A very good game that for being early access has everything a good game has its constantly being updated and constantly patching bugs
76561198017700141,Recommended,253250,19025100,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mitur Bansodirty,"In the making, and its great. Soon to become, what is still being written. Good game, updates ever since i bought this game and the developers haven't slowed down on them. Although optimization isn't the best it covers the broad spectrum of commonly used specs. Support the devs, keep the game going, they're actually working, THATS RARE, and did i mention support the devs?                                         --Loyal Fan"
76561198055437303,Recommended,253250,18443733,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Wee gee,"Alright, having gone through most of the games current content I have pulled some good and bad points in the game.Beginning with the bad points - Bugs (Hearthlings being idle etc)- More bugs- Even more bugsGood points - Content releases often, and when released, the devs release quite a bit.- Devs listen to players who comment on the forums and their blog- Hours of gameplay available to the playerAlthough I cannot recommend this game to someone without telling them that the game will have issues if you have an average or below average PC, for instance, the Hearthling idle issue will be caused when they player has reached a large amount of Hearthlings so much so, that the game will either crash or the Hearthlings will not do anything (They won't eat, sleep, work, or fight).But that aside, this is a wonderful game as it is so far and the devs plan on updating it as fast as they can, they have no current plans to put the game out of production."
76561198172045789,Recommended,253250,18979564,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,trev.nichols31290,"First off, This is an Alpha Release game, so there's going to be the occasional bug (generally modically comical, headless Hearthlings, sheep in the bottom of lakes, silly things, really.). The concept is simple, the controls easy to get the hang of, and the graphics leave you in a feeling of awe for this whismical little world your Hearthlings call home.I have already clocked 60+ hours in the week or so that i've owned the game. the concept seemed simple enough; gather, build, survive. I soon found my self emerged in the construction of houses, castles, bridges and mines, devloping a great town for my lovable, somewhat dim-witted Hearthlings.If you're a fan of the likes of Minecraft, Terraria, and the sort, This frequently updated game is worth a try. So grab your shovels and pickaxes, and get to building your kingdom in Stonehearth!"
76561198185105690,Recommended,253250,19002506,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,74erifnogard,its a realy good game but it does not work for all people like me i baught it a month ago and it wont start
76561198167404895,Recommended,253250,17816575,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Curious,"This game is one of those game where you play it every once in a while but i find myself playing it more often, there is still many bugs but atleast there not the ones that are game breaking! its just the occasional placement glitch and settler glitch. I highly recommend this game, you should give it a chance and help workout the bugs so it's more enjoyable. :D"
76561198107790874,Recommended,253250,17819240,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,griz383,Good game but needs to be updated . Im also not that keen on peolple selling games in alpha its like YOU are paying to do the game testers work for them. hurry up and do an update its started getting boring because ive done everything in not alot of time. but the game does have alot of potential its like minecraft mixed with stronghold.
76561198065764114,Recommended,253250,17807968,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Eric Longtooth,"it is a amazing game but there is one bug i find alot it is where all of the buttons disaper and dont come back, but is still a great game."
,Recommended,253250,17809294,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TriFG.PudgeWiggle,"* I AM WELL AWARE OF THIS BEING EARLY ACCESS*This game has a very interesting idea. I was so excited to get it, and build a city that flourished with Hearthlings I believe they're called. Right away I had issues starting up the game, and had to fix them with stuff that I usually don't do. Changing the compatability to see which one launches correctly. x64 bit doesn't work for me, and I'm pretty sure not for anyone else. Once I was able to launch the game I actually enjoyed the features I was getting to see and play with. I began to have a crashing issue. I still have this issue, and I turned my settings down, and it helped a little bit but it randomly crashes currently. The 3.5 hours I have on this game there's about a total of 45 minutes of solid gameplay. The other is just me starting it up and then figuring my second issue which is saving my game. I don't mind having the game crash as long as I can save before (they have an auto-save ability which is nice) and be able to relaunch and continue slowly but surely. This is the only game so far where I've had an issue that hasn't been resolved with trying every solution on the forums. Onward to the pros and cons (as much as I could gather).*THIS WILL CHANGE OVER THE COURSE OF DEVELOPMENT*Pros:-Ability to create/maintain a city-Having different classes of people you can promote your Hearthlings to-Being able to create custom buildings with a purpose of your choosing-Having the option to build into a mountain as a cave type way of living-Ability to trade with people who come through your town-Fighting mechanics with enemies-Auto Save abilityCons:-Crashes every 10 minutes or so (UPDATED)-Save does not work at all ( Pointless to play really ) (UPDATED)-Poorly optimized ( I don't a terrible PC but I am sure it can handle this game )-Poor response time from anyone on the forums, both Steam and their forums ( Still haven't heard anything yet; It's been 4 days ) (UPDATED)So all in the end I do NOT recommend this game, but this will hopefully change soon enough. I will edit the review accordingly. That's if I can get the help I need. As of 8/31/2015 the game was a waste of $24.99. The reason it's not reccomended is because I personally can't play it.EDIT (September 1st): After recieving help for my issues which they were nice about. I played the game a bit more. The game needs to ran in windowed mode to not crash and save properly. The game is actually good. As I figured before, but now I have seen it first hand. I do recommend the game. They are coming out with more features soon enough. For the money I think it's worth it when it's playable."
,Recommended,253250,17903592,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Vikeyev,Beautiful piece of art. just needs a lot more content.
76561198025667419,Recommended,253250,17867847,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,maulobo2,"The game in its current state is playable yet not fully enjoyable, it is one those games that hooks you instantly but the lag, bugs and broken build option leave you feeling a liltle bit frustrated. It will be a great game in the future. It is a great concept with a lot of depth already though it can be expanded even more."
76561198136513141,Recommended,253250,17894979,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mashiro,Very good game.
76561198014661760,Recommended,253250,17510390,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Tachanka,"In short, don't get this... Yet. The main gamebreaking bug for me was that my class-based 'Hearthlings' did not do their tasks, instead being idle or collecting random stuff lying on the ground, followed by more idling. There are a small number of other core bugs at the moment, and it saddens me that I have to refund a game that has so much potential. If you're interested, follow this game, as the positive comments bestowed upon the devs suggest this will be getting fixes and content.Here's hoping I can change this review to positive in a few months' time.EDIT 14/08/2015Okay, so the things that 'break' the game are easily fixed: Craftsmen who don't work don't have the resources (although the UI as of yet does not tell you that, so your workers simply don't do the job). A workaround is to press 'i' to open your inventory and make sure you have what you need. The same goes for a building's requirements.And so, with that, I'm putting this up to a recommended."
,Recommended,253250,17571561,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Bentozi7,This game is awsome! The abilty to make very awsome buildings and have a big town and make your own!I kinda wish there were more jobs and more items to make.
,Recommended,253250,17577765,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Onionike,"So excited to see what else they will do with this game. I would enjoy it if the building customization became more flexible than it already is, and with a few more variations of blocks but it is still early access. Overall I would definately recommend this game to those who enjoy City builders, group management, and RTS gameplay."
,Recommended,253250,17795459,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BarTastic,"Its funny to play and do what ever you want but after a while when you get around 3o citizens the game will start to lagg a little and the bugs will start, like: Citizens just picking up and dropping stuff, not moving around. But still it is amazing to play can't wait for fixes and new things!"
76561198048273389,Recommended,253250,16788274,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Raging Monkey,10/10 thats all. Best game I've played in a while.
,Recommended,253250,16799793,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hotshotkyle,"From what I see in the game it looks amazing. Don't get me wrong there are a ton of bug, but it was just put out on early access. I know in the future with the bugs corrected and more content added it should become a really awesome game."
76561198006615229,Recommended,253250,16801940,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,warpedgabs,"For Early Access, this game is fantastic! I have played most games without any crashes. Indeed, there will be some bugs (it is Early Access afterall), however, most of the bugs aren't game breaking and can simply be solved by saving and re-loading the game.The game essentially is a town simulation sim where you construct your own town, mine and collect resources, and then defend yourself against goblins, skeletons, and zombies. The game becomes more difficult depending on your progress, and random events may occur in the middle of your game.For a game that is only a third complete, it is already lots of fun and it definitely has a bright future ahead of it.If you ever wanted to play a Minecraft style town management game - then this is for you. Lots of fun with lots of future updates in the horizon."
76561198148898078,Recommended,253250,16807945,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[GG] The Eleven,"This game, other then some of the bugs is a great game to play. I believe with more updates, and bug fixes this game will become very popular.9/10"
76561198009134820,Recommended,253250,16748463,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rook,Stonehearth is simply amazing! The crazy part is it's only in Alpha! I really enjoy this game and i can not wait to see how far the Devs can take this game. Buying this game supports  making this into something even more incredible.
76561198203062927,Recommended,253250,16690547,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MomoDoom17,This game had alot of potential. Its in Alpha so its still pretty buggy. but i believe this game will get very popular!
,Recommended,253250,16445637,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Labtreeo,minecraftish grapics + town building + some good enemies to fight against - a little buggy sometimes = a great game with some bugs (but there not game breaking)
,Recommended,253250,16446159,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Morty,"A cute game that is still in alpha and has lots of bugs, but is very charming and rewarding to play. I reccomend that anyone who has no idea how to play watch some tutorials."
76561198173027082,Recommended,253250,16655960,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,waz1504,Absolutley brilliant! enough said can only get better :D
,Recommended,253250,17888664,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Donald the trump is swag daddy,its a great game yet buggy but worth it (i wonder if thay would put a test dummy it time)
76561197993255869,Recommended,253250,16524946,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,FliQside,Really digging this game.  I hope they keep up the good work.  I have had a few glitches with the workers not doing what I want but I could just be doing something wrong.
,Recommended,253250,16550833,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Harry,"Brilliant little game, What hit me when i first played it was how good the buildings mechanics are in this game.They are so simple bu so effective , You can create your own buildings or use game made ones, Another really good feature about this game is how its so quick, you could have a terrible Pc or laptop and it would run fine. And i got to admit , the graphics are really nice.Pros:Really nice veoxel graphicsBrilliant building mechanicsVery Quick to download and to playCute litlle charactersReally simple game but really Fun!Cons:As it just started not to many things to do but its being updated lotsI cant wait for more updates to come out and see what they bring. I deffinately Reccomend this game9/10!"
,Recommended,253250,16506662,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SpareGoblin,"Stonehearth is a very promising game which is already great fun to play and keeps you coming back for more.  It already has enough content to get a good feel for the game and new and expanded features are released on an ongoing basis.  The game just gets better and better.The game is quite buggy (alpha development) so be aware of that when you go into it, but this doesn't put me off because the game is being very actively developed and bugs are being squashed all the time.  The best defense against this is to save often and submit bug reports, which is made easy by a link from within the game's pause menu.Like many of you, I've had Early Access woes and let-downs, but I gave this game a try.  After playing it and getting involved in the community, I can honestly say that I believe in these developers.  They actively engage with the players (via their website forums especially) and seem to really listen to suggestions and bug reports - and that is the mark of a good Early Access.My recommendation:If you are willing to have patience and help with the bugs and new features, buy this game.  It's worth it for the game, and it will be even more worth it if you get involved in the community too."
76561198086094452,Recommended,253250,16508721,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,_TeacheR_^^,"Well everything was nice, but the game starts to give lots of crash raports as long as I keep playing. Then, it startes to lag a lot and the game becomes impossible to keep play so I delete that save and start over. This always happens. Before adding  new things, developers should handle this ""bug and in game crashes"" first. BTW, nothing happens when you ""close permanently"" those errors. It keeps crashing backstage. So, your game is ruined anyway. The game is cool and cute. It really needs time to improve your town. It is quite enjoyable but there are few necessary things to add and fix;1- There must be an option to either destroy or undeploy such objects like ""floors etc""2- crashes must be handled. I want to make my town 100 pop, but I just can't!!!3- A little more content and quests would make the game much much beutifuland so on...Anyway, developers really do care about the game. It just started to update 57 megabytes. I really do believe that it is going to be a nice game. Thanks so much. And yes, people who love survival and citybuilding games must buy it. Buy and support the devs."
76561197990070543,Recommended,253250,16204573,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,sharpy,Early Access Review but i have very high hopes for this game. Still unstable and prone to being dropped to desktop and numerous errors popping up on the screen which is very annoying. Theres also other bugs that need adressing and more work on content but having said all that... its still a great game even at this stage and fun to play as it is. So if you can handle the bugs then yes i highly recommend this game.I did edit this review to not recommended due to some serious bug issues and within days they patched the game and resolved a lot of my bigger issues. Still a lot of work to do but very enjoyable as it is.
,Recommended,253250,16514677,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,PatSaysHi,"Great game overall. But some annoying things are...-When you get alot of hearthlings and alot of buildings it becomes very laggy.-You cant make patrol routes for the soilders.-Hearthlings leave wood on roofs.-When you give the workers a task and then give them another task rigth away, they forget about the first task.-Not being able to remove misplaced blocks and objects"
76561198035829267,Recommended,253250,16515406,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hill_andrew_2004,Hours of great fun building.  Updates and bug fixes often!  I can't wait to see what this game is like at release.
,Recommended,253250,16505391,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,donald dNUt,"this is a super goood game! it just need some bug fixes, but I can't wait for whats instored for this."
76561198007299642,Recommended,253250,16865000,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,[BCMO] buffsboy474,Very fun! Very addicting!
76561198022609459,Recommended,253250,16287107,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Trex341,Wolf pack killed everyone 10/10 would play again
76561198079407503,Recommended,253250,16267260,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Loxin,"Great game.Its a good game to start out on for city building games.They might still have a lot that they are going to add, but I would say so far 10/10 would tell a friend."
76561198052722380,Recommended,253250,16272733,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Billy Bob,"For an early release, this game is incredible,,, I cant wait until the fix it,,, as it is, its very difficult to do many things since when you que items for your craftsman, they fail, also villagers idle when there is much work that you have assigned to be done (can you finish the building you started please?)  aside from the small things, this is still an incredible game, and im looking forward to future updates!"
76561198164000268,Recommended,253250,16273210,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,25142725birch,"Upgraded version of Dwarven fortress or similar games.Its not bad, takes about an hour of getting used to the interface and figuring out how to designate and level workers.My opinion is that rheer should be more building types and the build/mine/harvest order system could improve. its not easy to build or dig exactly what you want to. A little expensive for an early access but hopefully the game will improve a lot in its making. It has potential and I hope the Dev team work diligently to meet this."
76561198012372121,Recommended,253250,16276191,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,metal005,"Awesome game. Still keeps crashing a lot, but keep up the good work.Haven't had this much fun in a game since the release of minecraft"
76561198072301452,Recommended,253250,16276199,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NamesAreHard,"Its a beautiful game really. But every time I try to save it just crashes on me, deleting my progress"
76561198179932957,Recommended,253250,16818578,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Qmxd,This game is fun but i recomend to add archers and fix a few building bugs.
76561198008102715,Recommended,253250,16832576,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TortueSphere,A game with a lot of potential but that is curently unplayable because of game breaking bugs. I hope that the dev has the skills to finish it.
76561198181121859,Recommended,253250,16834218,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,cat god,one of my villagers made a squirrel friend and i accidentally created 1800+ errors forcing me to restart my laptop10/10
76561198198098717,Recommended,253250,16489410,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Captain Light Skin,"First let me start off by saying this game is by no means complete. This game is, however; extremely fun with what it has currently. The dev team is very active in fixing bugs as well as supplying updates. They also stream most of there development process so you can actually see what thry are working on. This agme has a solid foundation and a specific charm that reall gets me immersed in my tiny kingdom."
76561198027880363,Recommended,253250,16538818,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BayneRav,"Its bare-bones funtional... buggy as all hell, yet Early Access with a decent approach with the genre of game it intends to showcase.Bottom-line, Its not what could expect... still enjoy the mystery of what will be added in future updates"
76561198014649485,Recommended,253250,16452139,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cloud,"This game can take you in knowing nothing about it, and after playing for a while you'll know everything about it. What classes to go for first, where to place walls, where to set up farms or traps.Pros:- Easy to learn basics- Once you start to play you'll never want to stop- Difficult to master (for those who like a challenge- It's still in developement, which means more things to come- Cutesy graphics- Full customization of your town and it's layout.- Simple combat system- each update brings a plethora of things to the tableCons- No customization of townspeople- There is no way to bring back a villager if it dies- With the combat system, the villagers only attack nearby threats not potential/far away threats. (you'll be hearing the battle music often after day 15)- The villagers AI can keep them from building things if they glitch.- the code bar shows up continuously if something strange happens.- Long gaps between updates 4-6 weeks for each.Overall I'd give Stonehearth a 7/10A C+ is a solid grade. I'm only giving it a 7/10 because of the fact that there is more to come. If this were the entirety of the game then I would never reccomend it, unless you're looking for short games to play."
76561198067060136,Recommended,253250,16453554,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Eden,"Great game. I came across a few bugs but that's expected with early access games. It's an amazing 3D city builder. You give your Hearthians jobs and they do the work associated with the job. You can make buildings from a pre-made template or make your own. You also must defend your town from invaders such as zombies, skeletons and goblins. And everyonce in a while a trader or caravan will show up and trade things. Overall 8/10, has a lot of potential."
76561198125066410,Recommended,253250,18080378,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[KAQ] König,I love this game! It is fun and addicting. If you want to see some gameplay of it before you buy check out my YouTube Channel :)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX6gX3g2GFDICwrR52Qb4gQ
,Recommended,253250,17458444,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Jamie Hyneman,"Stonehearth is a game where you basically play god. Its quite easy to get a hand of and fun. You are the god of a few starting characters and you have to have them collect resources to build homes and buildings. But watch out at night time zombies, skeleton and goblins may attack. Make sure you are always armed with a footman. Because it its early accsess you may encounter a few bugs witch is obvious. 8/10"
,Recommended,253250,27283164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Couch,"Stonehearth borrows many aspects of minecraft and dwarf fortress to make an excellent city builder/survival game, and while it isnt nearly as polished as the games it takes after, it has an amazing amount of potential. The devs are very dedicated for such a small team and do livestreams 2-3 times per week, actively listening to and acting on feedback from the community. The game still has a ways to go before becoming an excellent game, but updates are very frequent."
,Recommended,253250,27325088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Duncan,It has some annoying glitches but still fun to play.
,Recommended,253250,27291494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MightyMcluvin,"This alpha is more stable than any alpha I've ever seen, most betas i've seen, and some releases i've seen.i would highly recommend playing this game"
,Recommended,253250,27375268,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,diadembedfordshire,Great mix of minecraft and Dwarf Fortress.
76561198004088577,Recommended,253250,27363802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheJackel,"Great game. The devs really put their time and effort into this game, and update it frequently. Its come along way so far and is still very fun and exciting every time i start it up."
,Recommended,253250,27189529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NTB,this game going to be awesome
,Recommended,253250,27305455,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,derbryler,I just love this Game keep up the good work.
,Recommended,253250,27194357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arumenn,"This is the best game of the genre, period.Don't let other Early Access games disapoint you, those devs know what they are doing and they are patching often and well. They exist for real (as evidenced by their 3 weekly streams)."
,Recommended,253250,27217808,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vrarax Skuahiwr,"Overall this game a is a good game but this is a few bugs but in all the AI is great to an extent, aswell as some of the possible building you are able to make."
,Recommended,253250,27394486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rhone_Senpai,"Most assured to be one of the best RTS Village building sims I've played to date. The blocky style has an appealing look without being too...lego. This is something I would love to see grow even more than it already has. Would by this game again, especially for a friend."
76561198178912998,Recommended,253250,26645830,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ell92Razer,"Great game for early access stage. Hopegully more options of characters, buildings and items etc become available with updates for the game in the future."
76561198001913517,Recommended,253250,30913182,Posted: 2 April,all,RagenRuin,now after the last update its all my characters are lagging
,Recommended,253250,26870543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,azerisii,"I've spent so much time in this game already and it's not even finished.Stonehearth is a voxel based city builder game that scratches the same kind of itch as the millenaire mod for Minecraft.The studio is also really good with their communication and transparency.  They are always in touch with the people who kickstarted the game, and take the time to respond to people who arrived a little later like myself.  Development is even interactive through a Trillo Board and through the official forum.In terms of modding there is an active community and a really well supported forum if you find theres something you want but the game currently lacks.If you're looking for a city builder or building game and want something a little different, then I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,253250,27040561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trumpy Senpai,"I love the game, but I think that the building editor could be imporved upon, and I am dying for multiplayer!"
76561198034935333,Recommended,253250,27034572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ribbert,ES GUUD
,Recommended,253250,27022824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BingRazer,"So far this is a great game. The difficulty can be scaled well and constant additions are being made to the game. Definitely worth it, I enjoy playing Reyya's Children on Hard mode and the desert map is great for a challenge due to the early game scarcity of wood."
,Recommended,253250,30925515,Posted: 3 April,all,~Ｂｌｕｅ　Ｂｉｒｄ~,"Got this game a while back, just let it settle for a while. I recently came back to it and instantly fell in love, can't stop playing!"
,Recommended,253250,27028397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChapsDungaroo,"Build a town, manage your residents, create armies to kill baddies, expand your town - best of all, build your own custom buildings and save templates for use later on with plenty of options to keep things unique.If you're okay with bugs, in-flux optimization, and all of the other Early Access excitement, I highly recommend Stonehearth for fans of games like Gnomoria, Rimworld, Towns, Dwarf Fortress, etc."
,Recommended,253250,26948526,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dirtypeso,"you build a town,you mine ston,gather food, get killed by rocks,repeat"
76561198083418290,Recommended,253250,26963611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Believing Flame,"I have owned this game and played it for a long time. The summary is that it is NOT complete, yet it has great potential and I'm looking forward to it. The developers update the game regularly, usually at half to one month intervals. They have their own you tube channel in which they talk about what they have done in the last update and what they are going to do. This is one of my favourite games of all time and I can't wait for what is to come next."
76561198061531380,Recommended,253250,21301289,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Forte226,This is a great game for those of you who were dissapointed by the game towns. This has multiple features that will keep you entertained for awhile
76561198092750005,Recommended,253250,21302369,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Diane,"If you like to start from scratch when building villages, this is you game. If you like to put effort in it and create huge cities and/or nice details better wait.Pros:- new content added on a regular basis- Minecraft without loneliness- opponents keep you awake- if you put enough effort in, you can build really nice villagesCons: well, its. early access...- you savegames might not be working with a new version. but often enough the new content makes you wanna start over anyway- a bit buggy here and there since the developers choose new content over making old stuff stable. also pretty memory intensive, but its getting bigger- because of the performance and bugs, you'll hardly ever build a really really large town. its gonna be incompatible soon  anyways."
76561198125146179,Recommended,253250,21302520,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sargent JPlmb,"While the game is buggy, is shouldn,t be your main concern! THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!it's worth the $25 or whatever the currency is. The main point is, the game is always changing and does a awesome job of keeping you on your toes."
76561198072031058,Recommended,253250,17004565,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Wins Day,"Edit (2/16/16): I'd like to add that, since posting this review, the developers have been delivering solid updates which have given more flavor to the game, as well as made playing the game a much more enjoyable experience. I am thoroughly impressed with the developer's progress in what was already a good game in the early stages of release. This game earns my recommendation.(6/12/15): I think this is a great game. Micromangement and creative city builders are my thing, and I'm excited to see how this game develops. However, it's buggy to the point where I'm getting the same error messages pretty consistently, and that is mildly frustrating to me.I'm recommending this game based on its potential: if you're looking for a clean, smooth gaming experience, then I would hold off on buying this game at the present time. In hindsight, I should have waited for it to go to late beta, at least. However, I would definitely say that it's worth adding to your wishlist if nothing else."
,Recommended,253250,30703484,Posted: 24 March,all,Erik@GAMETALK.se,"So, I bought this just to kill some time one afternoon. Now I´ve spent 50+ hours and I absolutely love this game. Even in it´s current state it delivers some pretty nice casual gameplay and I love the way the development is progressing. I really recommend this to anyone who is a fan of basic management games."
,Recommended,253250,21257802,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Milky,Very nice game tho later in it expect some lag alpha 15 should fix it so dont worry
,Recommended,253250,21260548,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,123,This is a fun village command game where you work on building the best village you can. You can play a peaceful mode or another mode with random enemy NPCs that attack your village. The game is very fun and is still in development with lots of room to grow. They intend to eventually have a Multiplayer aspect that has me really excited to see what they come up with.If you like innovate games or like RPG style games there is some story to the game as well. They will be adding several races over time. I recommend you purchase the game to help support it in its growth.It has a low high end to the game but over time they will be adding more content as they get out of Alpha devolpment.  Lots of great potential in this game.
76561198190511201,Recommended,253250,23895953,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,marino.osiris,Great game. Have not had this many funny playing a game since Airline Tycoon Evolution.The game has still some minor bug and stuff gets stuck but this is really not an issue if you are enjoying the details and the logic of this game.Hope the developers will continue work on this game as it has endless possibilities.Recommend it to anyone who likes simulation games and City Builder games. Is a realy joy to paly.
,Recommended,253250,23896122,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,silentArtifact,"Stonehearth is like a kinder, gentler, and simpler Dwarf Fortress. It's satisfying, and it's growing with every week. I'm writing specifically to thank the Devs for their amazing communication via their website; you can always see what's going on, what they're working on, and so forth. The game is still buggy, but it's addictive as hell."
76561198038485611,Recommended,253250,23889460,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nesquik,"I really enjoy this game, you can easily spend hours building a town or city as fancy as you can imagine. Make your city beautiful or don't up to you, defend from enemies or play on peaceful and don't up to you, live in a desert or forest (or some snow place in the future) it's up to you. The only problem is that the game is obviously not complete and bugs out a lot, workers look ♥♥♥♥ed up or buildings will be half complete. Once it is though then there will be nothing wrong with this game. Plus multiplayer in the future?!"
76561198077114662,Recommended,253250,23860745,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Golkarath,"I would really love to play this game but every 5 min. after starting it, it crashes I've tried every possible way described in the forum or the other websites so no playing for me now till I know how to fix it"
,Recommended,253250,23694933,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Noblesdown,"LOVE this game. Looking forward to it being fully flushed out, but it has undeniable charm and will be a recurring home for me for several years."
76561198120265344,Recommended,253250,23714852,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Xiris,"Putting everything short: the game WILL be worth the price when more features, jobs, items etc will be developed.Positive:+ Cute graphics, very pleasing+ Nice job system+ Freedom of developing the village the way you want itNegative:- Small number of items available. You can be able to craft all items withing few hours from starting the game."
76561198030595648,Recommended,253250,23714293,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,penchboy,"I just love this game. even though there are a lot of buggs and it runs pretty heavy, but the Idea you can build and control a town I just love it.A bug I have found.-If you try to place something whilst your builders are making scaffolds both are placed in the same block and you get an error message, afterwards the memory usage keeps increasing, and there is no way to take down the building nor will it finish."
76561198038622566,Recommended,253250,23702542,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,imajor,"TL;DR Lovely game with problems, but highly recommended.This game is similar to Gnomoria, there are some important differences:- graphic is much better (I like retro graphic, but Gnomoria was too much for me)- game mechanics are simpler, or at least it is much easier to understand- buildings!!!I don't deeply know Gnomoria, so excuse me if this is not a correct list. In my opinion these were the three most annoying things in Gnomoria, so I was really happy when I found StoneHearth.Pros:- lovely graphic and atmosphere- the settlement looks pretty cool with all the interesting buildings- classes and abilities are interestingCons:- still alpha, so lots of features are not finished (I hope underworld will be improved, ores will not be just a random drop), there are bugs, balancing issues. But development is active, there are releases every week, so I don't worry much about these.- biggest issue for me are the buildings (this is in the same time the best feature of the game). So you first have to design the house (or use a template), and then your hearthlings will build it. First problem is that quite often they cannot build the house (this unfortunately happens with the templates as well). Second problem is that the game won't give you any warning or error message, the only thing you see is that the building is just paused. There are scaffoldings around the house, some walls are missing, but no one is doing nothing. I couldn't figure out what is wrong. The best thing I could do is that I built a few ladders here and there, maybe they were not able to reach some parts, but that didn't help. But the worst thing is that there is nothing you can do, you will have a half ready house with scaffoldings in the middle of your nice village. If you don't like that (I didn't) then the only option is to reload an old save where the building wasn't at all designed. That wasn't really a viable solution for me. There is a console command which erases a building, but it won't clean up the scaffolding, and also the base of the building will still be there (the hole in the ground). My feeling is that the devs were too optimistic about this type of building, I guess they think that there are problems, they can solve it easily for the next version, no need for error message or any tool which would help players work around a failed building. And then the next release comes, and there are still lots of buildings not correctly building. I think this is not a new issue, many recent releases had this. But I thrust them, I hope sooner or later they will be able to solve this, and players will be able to build a very nice village."
,Recommended,253250,23761469,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cypher,"Yes, would reccomend this. I have no complaints except for the bugs that I have no idea where to upload at or report at. Other than the simple playstyle yet fun, I really wish the game would have some sort of goals or some sort of point where your town needs something and you have to work through them bit by bit to get them.Other than the bugs, yes I would reccomend this game. I really appreciate the developers putting their effort into this. I really hope they'd improve more without changing the playstyle. Thank you."
76561198271769265,Recommended,253250,23738572,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Natedawg4324,"This Game Is amazing!!!!Granted its only an early access game but still the concept, art, and gameplay are outstanding. If there is one game I want to actually be pushed from early acess to a full game it would be this one and I believe that there is some serious potential in this game :D"
,Recommended,253250,23736487,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hippie_Killa,Great town builder with regular updates.
,Recommended,253250,30680805,Posted: 22 March,all,Milk Plug,"Ive been playing this game cause its addictive like cocaine. Its ridiculous, but development seems a little ""stumped"". I'm sure the devs are able to get this game finished eventually.A couple things i would desperately recommend adding:The ability to assign homes to hearthlings, or rooms. OR make it to where only 1 hearthling can open up a certain door ( or just make doors assignable, like beds! )Assignable relationships: ie; brother, mother, father, daughter, grandfather, etc.You should add a family tree type system and aging, so our town has a history and a fully stocked graveyard hahahaAnother thing is customization, i feel like our hearthlings are anchored to this Blue empire!Instead of adding factions we can play as, why not just make it to where we make our own factions? Custom colors / and at the beginning where you choose to embark, you can choose either the carpenter saw or the potters cutter.I also think you should make it easier for us to roll for citizens without wiping the entire colony at the beginning before embarking. We dont want all women or all men colonies, or a majority of either, which brings me to my next point!REPRODUCTION!I don't like the way we get new hearthlings! Daily update is very unrealistic, You should make it to where a male and a female hearthling are drawn to eachother, or you can choose who is in a relationship, and they mate in their own house/room and after a certain number of ingame days, a little baby hearthling pops out!A couple of other fun ideas, cause for me it seems like you guys have the potential to develop the game but are running out of ideas! Maybe im wrong, but i dont care! haha!queen beds that are assignable to 2 hearthlings (and bunk beds like this for barracks)more animalsmore types of placeable itemsmore jobsability to assign farmers to certain farmsability to assign patrols for footmenability to assign archers to the top of a wall ( to combat invading goblins )easier ability to become a dwarf-like fortress, because the 4x4 tunnel mining doesnt seem optimal for hearthlings in regards to space, which makes them so glum!You have a road builder, but how about an auto path builder? Like a worn dirt road.ability to place dirt on rock, or maybe PLANTERS. so that we can have indoor cave gardens, or farms on the mountain."
,Recommended,253250,23810196,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Eil,I have been playing this game for 24 hours straight.
76561198031959885,Recommended,253250,24695740,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,townsenm,"Fantastic start to a game in development. Still full of bugs. Every time my settlement approaches 25 hearthlings, I'll try to build a custom structure, starting with a foundation, but the foundation will disappear and leave a hole in the ground where it was. I can't build anything on this hole, despite there being nothing there when I exit building mode."
76561198010493608,Recommended,253250,25217350,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,VerdorrenWolf,"I've been watching this game for some time now, I'm always on the lookout for games that can combine my city building, people tending and warthirsty game needs and I have to say that this game does that for me. I'm inlove with this game since I've bought it.. around two days ago I've put in a lot of hours in a short period of time. This game has a lot to it, but there are still bugs to be worked out, but all in all it was worth the time and money."
,Recommended,253250,25197337,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sam,"Amazing game, supper addictive. Lots of bugs but that is to be expected of an early access game. Some times it crashes or hearthlings won't do what they are supposed to but overall, worth the money and time"
,Recommended,253250,25205223,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[DGC] GΛMER_GOO321,"I am literally enjoying this game so much. I hope they finish this game soon.After building my town and working on my crops and maintaining safety for my citizens I've come to realize how important it is to maintain everything (Food Supplies, Building Blocks, and having Health Supplements for the troops after an attack). Having all this makes building your own town very enjoyable.Unfortunetly after 2 months (Ingame Months lol) I feel like they could add more quests or goals besides the have X amount of xyz before the next day to get a new townie. If they worked on that and individual movement and orders along with singular Character equipment swapping then this game will go sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo far. :D.I'm really looking forward to more content loving everything about this game so far and highly reccomend if you enjoy. (Village Building, Singleplayer chilled RTS, and Fantasy) :DPeace Out"
76561198042259636,Recommended,253250,24915936,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Capataina,"Sometimes, the AI of the game gives you aids. I told my people to dig down a 8x8 hole. 4 Of them started digging. And than when they were done they were stuck there. And guess what, the rest 5 people i had didnt know how to build.4 of them starved down in the cave and than my village got ♥♥♥♥ed up by 7 Untamed Wolf's. Thats the bad part, why cant a ♥♥♥♥ing farmer build a simple azz ladder to save em ? ffs. Anyway, the game is really cool and it forces u to play more :)"
76561197983105124,Not Recommended,253250,19968098,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Extremophile Elite,"Re-revised review:I've been back and forth on this game, lots of bugs fixed, but there are still game stopping bugs that ruin your experience, and until these are fixed, I will keep the review as not recommended.  They've had plenty of time to fix these game stoppers but updates have been few and far between and don't fix much.Revised review:The performance issues and glitches where items weren't being picked up were corrected.  Another bug that seems to be fixed is a building never getting completed.  So I am changing to a thumbs up.Old review:I really want to like this game but there are game stopping bugs that can ruin everything pretty quickly.  You're sitting here trying to fend of goblins and your guys can't even pick up tables.The game also runs really badly when you start getting a large village.  I have a beastly rig that can run Fallout 4 on all high NP, so this is annoying."
,Recommended,253250,24926785,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jxtian,"Amazing game, it would be wonderful to have more professions and a bigger map. Besides it would be great to have a place to share building templates!!"
76561198025311692,Recommended,253250,25016691,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Scalibur07,"Quite a neat game. It feels a bit like Banished just a little more ficticious with invaders as a challenge and being able to create your own buildings. One of the downside for me is the amount of pre-designed buildings avialable to the player. Dont get me wrong!! The ability to create buildings your way is actually nice and all, just wish they had implemented more defaulted buildings for player use instead of spending time building everything. Another thing I would love to see improved is WALLS!!! It may be just me, but there is virtually no way to delete walls except going back on your actions, so if you just found the perfect spot for something, but feel like moving the wall... nope. Same as the player being able to build walls just like marking/filling up the floors would be a huge improvement over the current wall system. Overall, its a fun game.9/10 for me -1 for wall system and lack of default buildings. Will update review after sinking in a few more  hours on it."
76561197984842577,Recommended,253250,25139492,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Hulk Hodn,"Through there are a few bugs here and there, it seems that the Dev Team is working on it all the time. Major releases with excellent content every month or so and a roadmap with great features to come! Best Building/Mining/Survival Voxel-Game since Minecraft."
,Recommended,253250,25138475,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,achedb0b,"pretty awesome game where you take control of a town of blocky individuals, who can take on quite a few different roles depending on their stats. They build buildings, mine, and craft items. If you want a game that is cute and you can design your own buildings and control a little town then this is the game.That said, there are some glaring issues I see with it. The whole way you design a new building is in my opinion quite badly done, you can't choose how high you want the walls and they are all encompassing, so you can't really have a 3 walled kind of thing. The main issue with it though is once you've designed a bulding, and then set it to be built you cannot edit it or demolish it. You'll need to use a console command just to do so, which is far from ideal.So the building system is:-Kind of basic, it really could be a lot more in depth, maybe being completely single block placement designing instead of the parts and pieces you can choose from.-Dodgy. I didn't like that I could only ""undo"" something, instead of having a proper deletion tool, the erase tool only seems to work on slabs and furniture. This can be frustrating at times. What's even more frustrating is slabs can actually clip through items and it does look quite terrible, but you don't notice it 'til the building is fully built, thus having to either deal with it's glitchy look, or demolish the entire building using cheats.The building system isn't the only thing that is annoying about the game, the mining can be just as annoying sometimes. Say you wanted to have a mined out grand hall in a mountain. Now though it may be difficult to see the ceiling in this game due to the camera being physically incapable, you do notice that the ceiling of a mined out area is quite low. If you want to have a higher ceiling it's near impossible to accomplish. Because of the fact you can't look up at the ceiling you can't select it to be mined, and even if you can the hearthlings have a great deal of trouble doing so. I planned on making a tunnel just over the room I wanted to heighten the ceiling of and one of them got stuck on a single block.So either players will need to have foresight or ingenuity to raise the roof or the devs should add a horizontal slice mode perhaps, which really would make my dwarfy self and brethren happy.Combat is quite great and the hearthlings themselves are pretty good at most activities. Though whenever they run away from battle it's only for 1 second, at which point they forget their♥♥♥♥♥kicking and return to fight the giant ogre they have no chance at beating.I'd suggest having proper retreats, perhaps to safety zones if the hearthling needs to run from battles, it would make micro managing them a bit easier.SPEAKING of micromanaging and combat. It at least for me is kind of unintuitive. Having groups is fine and all but then I have to select the combat tab, select the group, select what I want them to do and then send them off to do it, which is quite tedious. It's such a simple game yet so mindboggilingy hard to control at times.it really is a good game apart from these few things which make me almost pull my hair out sometimes, but that's probably just me. And it is in early access, hopefully they iron out all the bugs and the terrible building system in future. Otherwise there's alot to love about the game, and I think I'd recommend it at this time due to the devs updates, hopefully they continue to or I'll be changing my mind."
76561197970666173,Recommended,253250,25172213,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vint,"It's an interesting game.  Simple, great graphics.It is still a work in progress but they update a lot."
76561198036155995,Recommended,253250,24619710,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Oshawott,rate 10/10.this game should like have a king to like be the ruler. Then it would be 11/10
,Recommended,253250,30847351,Posted: 30 March,all,wpear99,"i've spent way yoo much time playing this game in just over 24 hours. Worth the eary access. Needs a real tutorial, or maybe it just didn't run in my game, bu once you figure out how the mechanics of the game work together, gameplay is smoothe and fun."
,Recommended,253250,25009362,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ebola chan,"i have had this for a while and played it throughout lots of updates and patches, and i have come to the conclusion that this game is now playable and is worth the money.a few patches ago it was nearly unplayable and you couldnt realy get to the endgame content that was there but now if you look past a few bugs and flaws it is playable and enjoyable.id give it a 6/10 because it needs some work to become a full game and non buggy as it is now, but all in all it was a great game with a nice fresh breath of air into the ''god game'' town builder."
76561198062399729,Recommended,253250,24989549,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RealCommunist,REALLY good game! I recommend it to all people who love atypical city simulation!
,Recommended,253250,30842801,Posted: 30 March,all,《2R》NO TIME TO EXPLAIN☆▪,I would say that this would be a good game to buy and play but same time not in my opinon
76561198172200962,Recommended,253250,24563555,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Beliant,"very nice and enjoyable, I'd spent long hous building and defending my own town, and developers seems to be working hard to make it better, loving this game a lot... and runs on my potato!"
76561198067777069,Recommended,253250,24937116,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TWOHAMMERS,"this game is one of those games you just have to play, in it you will create a village from nothing, Mine voxels , curse goblin hordes , and abovoe all Pray you can keep enough rescorces to build your finest city ever!"
76561198106460742,Recommended,253250,24957521,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ZincGoblin,"Really like the game. I don't want to say I love it, because it's still in development and anything can change, for better or worse.The game doesn't have a /real/ sandbox, but there are tools you can download that are approved by the developers that can make it essentually so. The game is fun to play in and survive, though it gets pretty difficult and impossible to a degree.Customizing structures is pretty nice, and saving templates for other games is pretty cool too, but too much stuff on one template does seem to get wonky.Again, I like it, but I don't love it. Not yet at least."
,Recommended,253250,24945146,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Svartsjö,"I like this game a LOT. it's working pretty good even in alphaIt can be frustrating having to restart villages because building 2 storey buildings (or misplacing items) can cause building to cease. and theres no way to dismantle/remove/cancel a building once it's started.still, thats my only gripe. and considering this game is worked on regularly i dont think it will be a thing much longer. really enjoy this game and cant wait for a full version!"
,Recommended,253250,26397795,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Λ ChrisZPR,"Incredibly relaxing games with more content then I was ready for. The game is fantastic if youre after a relaxing little village sim.If you want to see what its like to play for the first time, about as raw as it can get then this is for you:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJO_F4dq61DjH2Le5g_IaaH6uZaaV8Y-N"
76561198047829153,Recommended,253250,30869046,Posted: 31 March,all,romar432,"I've been looking for a great city-building survival game for awhile now, and while Folk Tale is definitely good, I find this one to be waaay better.  I love the periodic invasions you get to break the monotony of just simply building and creating.  I also love how they added the option of being in a desert compared to the forest setting of pretty much everything else.  I hope one day they will add a jungle setting as well, here's hoping!"
76561197974437208,Recommended,253250,25660481,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,davenater,Its like a 3d rimworld
76561198064322239,Recommended,253250,23442671,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Butterlord,"Good game, but the content is a little light for 25$. Would recommend it for maybe 10 or 15 as of right now, but definitely keep an eye on it.UPDATE: As the other review was rather dated, I should note that the developers have been fairly active with updates and fixes. If you like the genre you should pick this game up at some point."
76561198026940552,Recommended,253250,25627954,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mereknom,I love this game! The artwork and ambience of this game is just amazing. I cannot wait to see what this game looks like finished!
,Recommended,253250,25629532,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Nightmare,"This game is amazing. Despite it being an Early Access alpha build, it's still really enjoyable to play. When you read ""Early Access Game"" in those big bold letters on the store page, and you buy that game and complain that it has bugs, you're an idiot if you're surprised it has bugs. Despite this game's bugs, it's still extremely enjoyable and is consistently updated almost two or three times a month, I never am without information on what is going on and I am handed the next build in a timely manner, bug fixes are put out rapidly and the developers have a pretty clear idea on what they want this game to be but they also listen to the community and as such, the community's opinions are highly impactful on the design and construction of this game, and the devs manage to do this without sacrificing their own ideas and causing stalls with game design. 10/10 I love these devs and this game and I know it's bound for success. It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,253250,25632318,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Lollipop Girl,That's a pretty good game :)
76561198130189731,Recommended,253250,25632036,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ifeedyou,a wonderful Alpha game indeed!
76561198073647648,Recommended,253250,25682185,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,DisputeKing®,Totally worth its price and a lot of potential for improvements ... overall the game is fantastic ...can actually see the Hard work they made for this game
,Recommended,253250,25732369,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shift,"Is it worth playing? Yes, over all the game is a fun small game you can play on the side. Although i say this there are many things in the game that are akward and annoying and need fixing and updating to make them just work better. Top Grammar. As well as that the price tag is rather high and i dont think at the moment it is worth what it costs. If your looking for a game to play on the side and dont care about money that much this game might be your type."
76561198071589284,Recommended,253250,22508555,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,WenisPrime,"Its a very well made game, but I started to lose interest in alpha 15, but when alpha 16 came out with Archers, and Clerics, I jumped back in so quick, this game is one of the most fun games I have ever had. I still am playing it, just waiting for multiplayer to come out lol."
,Recommended,253250,30883827,Posted: 1 April,all,Arman Hammer {IC},Have had this game for a while. Still play it fairly often. Good fun game with a story line. Funny mobs and just generally really fun. Can't wait to see how much more comes on this game when its developed further.
76561198255734687,Recommended,253250,26295827,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,masteralex,this is the best game for any one who likes city builders because its way more in depth and way more content (too bad it doesnt work for mac os user) :(
,Recommended,253250,26365721,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Elteri,"Spend all day playing this, and it's still only in Alpha! Highly recommend if you love building/crafting and slaying monsters! :D"
76561198049007407,Recommended,253250,26080119,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tjsoup,This game is just greatI'd say it is better than gnomoria (which is also great) The building in this is just more simplyfied which I think is a good thing homes and villages look way betterThe 3d visual is awesomeRead they plan on multiplayerWorth the buy as long as they keep updating it
76561198225834504,Recommended,253250,26111157,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,alexz7272,This game is exceptional! It is alot of fun to play and offers many different options to allow you a diverse playing experience on multiple different platforms at different locations and difficulty. I would recommend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,253250,26122891,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,MrWhiteWulf,"This game offers a great gaming experience for those city builders fans.pros:-long gameplay-not many bugs within alphas-variety of game style ( professions, weapons,etc)-easy to understand/not simplecons-lags sometimes (npc,structures) rarelyremember that is alpha so we expect lag and bugs.Overall a great game and im hoping on seeing this more complex than already is"
76561198052269899,Recommended,253250,26123441,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bamfigms,"Simply put, this game has spirit.It's still fleshing out, and being updated (albeit slowly), but it just has a feel to it that makes you want to play it.I do worry that it's not getting enough attention to keep going for the long haul, but it's a great game that I hope to see grow and expand for a long time to come."
,Recommended,253250,26325807,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,CometKazy,If you like strategy games and blockish yet good graphics get this now.
,Recommended,253250,30896561,Posted: 2 April,all,RIOT | Koalafied,"One of the most entertaining games i know but there are lots of bugs, and i can understand that because it is still in alpha version, keep updating!"
76561198077255518,Recommended,253250,24664926,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,MaxwellTheTerror,"So i love ""build your city"" style games, especially when it mixes in survival aspects, or fantasy/medieval type stuff. Stonehearth is all three combined. As to be expected in Alpha, ive noticed a few bugs and wonky parts of the game. However, i cant say ive been able to find a whole lot, and none of them are game breaking. For me, i found the 23 odd bucks a bit steep, but still worth the investment. When its complete however, id easily pay 30-35. I love the career branch tree, and the way all your settlers are made unique through an attribute triad system of Body-Mind-Spirit. You really learn to love each and every settler, as you get to know them all and they increase in skill and experience. I can also say that the amount of content it already has is surprising for Alpha. a few things i think it would be cool to have tho:Some form of religion career/system, a way to triple and possibly quadruple the speed of the game, as sometimes with big building projects double speed still seems slow to me, and a way to remove stockpiles once you make them (maybe this already exists but idk how to do it)Overall, I rate 8/10-1 for a few minor bugs-1 for semi-steep price (only steep because its in alpha)Hope this was helpful (="
76561198007662996,Recommended,253250,24663663,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,iLLboRn,"Great game! mixes all of my favorite elliments of games. very fun already and is worth the price. and i expect the game will continue to improve as it has lots of potential even tho it already has tremendous depth and game play value.  Would ask for more game play setttings and even harder options.  Those teatering on the edge or thinking of waiting....dont. yo wont regret the buy, support the developers and encourage even more value and gameplay to an already awesome game"
76561198030749819,Recommended,253250,24661198,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,animusvirtus,"Just recently, this title got to a point where you can easily spend a handful  of hours building your settlement and defending it from the relentlesswaves of cute, but deadly, foes, though it is not complete by any means. I look forward to seeing this promising title grow into its potential."
76561198001985442,Recommended,253250,24676679,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,WildCard,"Great Great game, Wish it had a larger following, They deserve every sale they get."
,Recommended,253250,24561564,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nythere,A Nice Build Game.
76561198092404398,Recommended,253250,24735887,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JPzombies,"I actually did a video of this and it was amazing. So glad I bought this keep up the good work. I honestly think it's better than minecraft ,and cube world."
,Recommended,253250,21314567,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,✨ Hatty ✨,"Let me say that my review is good but also includes some parts that are IMPORTANT TO KNOW before purchasing.In this game, voxel hills and trees and lakes are spawned by random map seeds, so every game is different. You can literally choose where you want to build anything, inside a mine or by a lake etc. It's all so open world. If you like dwarf fortress but are like me and have difficulty with the UI, I think you will enjoy this game.Now see I'm only half recommending this because in the condition it is right now, it is not finished, but also buggy as all get out. It can play completely fine! But can also be a terror at times. With the steep price it's hard to recommend that, but at the same time the developers are working constantly on the game so I am very excited to see what they plan to do next. Alpha 15 will be released soon and apparently it's path finding is a lot better.The game developers have 3 live streams a week to show development on this game and the last update was amazing for the GUI and building tools, despite the occasional bug. It's still fun to load up the game and play for a bit after each update. It's a really good game system and can really lead to so much, it's also addicting which is terrible because some days I just can't get it to work for me.So in truth I'm half and half on this review but it's 100% a good game and concept, it's just broken at the moment, but the developers are doing what they can and it shows, so I'll definitely give it a good review!"
76561198057258054,Recommended,253250,24681505,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,EpicKevinBACON,its a great game if your bored and want to kill time its always being updated so there's always new content its also really simple when it come's to controls so it wont take forever for you to learn to play
76561198179958663,Recommended,253250,24564705,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DELTA_L.O.S,"This is a great start for a game, and has so much potential the developers have done an amazing job so far and bugs are pretty minimal if you like sandbox games with a fantasy twist i strongly recomend this game. for those who have played gnomeoria this game is one step above it with fluid building, the many variations of monsters and events. there are a few things that i would love to see in the futcher, seige warfare that adds additional challenges to players who have built walls around there settelments so monsters dont just have to brake a door to cause chaos. Secondly, more dynamic infantry with more options than just gard, attack and walk. and finaly mercenary out fits and workers for hire as a random event. keep up the great work."
76561197996558820,Recommended,253250,24529926,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,jrlumpy,love this game....cant wait for the multiplayer aspect of the game...the pubs are awesome..constant updates and news on whats being updating.
,Recommended,253250,24625753,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SSG | Wolf,pretty ♥♥♥♥in' cool
76561198173113142,Recommended,253250,24512182,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,rick11maart,ITS really amazing how this game works evrything from building to defending iTS just amazing you sure need to give iT a try
76561198109037854,Recommended,253250,24064981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shaffeblasta,If you like medieval games or city controllers this is a great game the army management is amazing the building of custom and premade houses is easy to control and the game is overall great and is still in developement!
,Recommended,253250,24052045,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Stormcaller,"Regarding Alpha 16 v 556:Very fun, solid game- albeit definitely still in alpha. I've yet to play without getting some sort of error message but most of the time those haven't had a serious effect on the game. Worst case is that buildings won't build, although I believe improving the building editor is a focus for Alpha 17.Build houses, train craftsmen, develop a town guard, collect resources- these things aren't terribly new. But Stonehearth does them well, and they certain seem interested in continuing to build on what they have so far. Everything has a nice relaxed adventure feel to it, rather cartoony but enjoyable. You have control over how hectic things get, while the various storylines appear tied into your progression and decisions, so that what happens to you in the world is tied to what you can manage (just be sure you know your own capabilities).Already has a nice little modding community and seems like it's happily growing with the devs more than willing to embrace it."
,Recommended,253250,24052745,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Crazy German Engineer,"This game is super fun, allowing you to build houses for your people to live in and constantly expanding to new heights. This game has lots of potential if the development continues and the support also! Also if you go under settings and gameplay you can make the max citizens to 50, I didn't even see that for a week :P"
76561198287448661,Recommended,253250,24051349,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BBoucher10,"this is an amazingly simple and addicting game, its well worth the money and the developers are great at keeping players up to date with information. i personally am hoping to see the release of multiplayer in the coming updates"
,Recommended,253250,21313261,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,troutbelly,"When I first went into the game, it took me a few minutes of expirementing to understand how it actually works. Once I figured out the basics, I was hooked. I played it three hours straight and really found myself entertained.As I progressed, the game seemed to get buggier and buggier. I constantly had to restart and save to get the game to keep going. Eventually, the people weren't doing what they're supposed too and I had a lot of issues with building. Destroying items and moving stuff around proved to be a really big issue as well and eventually reseting wasn't enough to fix it.I really enjoy this game and I hope that these problems are fixed in the future so I can enjoy it even more.For people who are looking for a game with little to no issues, I reccomend you just follow it for now and wait for later realeases as it still has some large bugs that need to be fixed. Otherwise, I liked this game and I reccomend it."
76561198315859807,Recommended,253250,30704857,Posted: 24 March,all,Jaehaerys,"i added this game when it is alpha 20 . then alpha 21 came but my game is still alpha 20 , how could i fixoyunu alpha 20 deyken indirdim , sonrasında alpha 21 çıktı ancak güncelleme gerçekleşmedi benim oynumda"
,Recommended,253250,21288228,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Smuggy,"Absolutely fantastic game! You can easily loose your self for hours in it, whether managing the rpg elements of your hearthlings or just building something awesome! Sure the game has some bugs but what EA game doesn't. The dev team seem to be right on top of things with lots of dev streams and a very active bug tracker forum over athttp://discourse.stonehearth.net/If its the EA side of things thats putting you off at least keep an eye on this game, its gonna be worth it!"
,Recommended,253250,21212086,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,crim,"Cute and run building game, not to heavy on resource managment and the added random attacks stir things up a little.I have noticed some bugs when using the workers to build designs, if resources are not available they will stop and never return to building again, pause and start building buttion is broken, which is kinda major for this type of game.Building Gates is just aestetic they dont seem to stop any attackers, and at the moment your only defence is your townspeople assigned to militia who can attack which is your skinner or warrior job.The job system is nice and I look forward to an expanded job tree.This game shows promise."
,Recommended,253250,21185427,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Xolotle,"Insane amount of depth for an alpha. There are released games out there with less depth and content. Well worth the $.11 classes, something around 100 items already, and designing buildings down to the individual brick. Even though its a little slow in pace and increasing population is tedious in that it takes forever to aquire new hearthlings. As far as alphas ive tested over the years this one is probably the best."
,Recommended,253250,21240150,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,haruno sakura,"Its banished meets minecraft style graphics!  I instantly fell in love with this game, everything about it is awesome!  Despite it being early access, I still fell in love instatnly, and I have been obsessed with it for quite a while.  Every other game that I play has taken a backseat to this one!"
76561198198477441,Recommended,253250,21170660,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Last Lyvert,"I wanted this game since I saw a Youtuber called 'The Innkeeper' play it. He did a great series and I'm grateful now that I have the game.I only have a few issues though.For example I play this game on a laptop that runs quite slow and because it is difficult for me to customize and create my own buildings I use the templates. Unfortuntly there are only four to choose from which means that my town doesn't look very different since I have to use the same buildings. If there were a few more templates to choose from I'd be much happier.Also I think a good idea for the game to make it more realistic is to have children in the game. Like if your hearthlings could start families. I think that this would be good because I often look at the journal and a lot of the time it says that the Heartlings are enjoying their time here with friends and family.However there is no family connections.I think it would just be cute if your Hearthlings had personalities and could start their own families. It would also be a challenege in its own because obviously one of the parents would have to look after the child.If your Hearthlings could get married as well because as they get older and pass away their family carries on and you can get a real emotional feeling to your town knowing that they aren't just expanding with buildings or crafters but as like little indivisuals in your computer.It would also mean another job avaliable like a priest. He could marry the Hearthlings who want to be married. It would also mean that the Blacksmith could create rings, not only to sell but for personal use in the town.However when it comes to kids I don't mean that one day there is just a child there and you get a little notification informing you that there is one.I think that your Hearthling could get pregnant. Of course keeping the game PG so you dont see any of the nasty but it also makes it harder as well, especially since if you've just started and there is already a married couple with a pregnant woman, she shouldn't be able to build or do much work since she is with child.I do enjoy the game but I think that these adjustments would help improve the game because you'd be able to see each indivisual Hearthling grow.It also works especially well because everyone has to have their favourite Hearthling.It would also mean that there would be more journal entries, from crushes, to planning weddings or even finding out that one of the Hearthlings is pregnant. Because the Herbalist could check up on them to make sure that they're healthy. A lot like a midwife."
76561198006871873,Recommended,253250,21174401,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BootyBird,"I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a sandbox city building/sim management/crafting games.The game is still ""early access"" stage (mean there are still quite a bit of bugs)  ...but its becoming more and more polished and there is more features to come."
76561198127234560,Recommended,253250,21112297,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Tubulsk1,"I am playing and enjoying Stonehearth for a while now. And I like it a lot. While combining the pixel art and endless building possibilities of minecraft with the challenges of normal survival city building games, it beholds it's own style, game physics and atmosphere.Since it is still an alpha version of the game, it has its own little bugs, but the regular incoming patches make it always enjoyable."
,Recommended,253250,21202363,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mansayhi,"I like this game, very enjoyable. Would be better once they fix the bugs like the save bug where it won't let you save sometimes. Other than that it's great. Can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,253250,21543338,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,charlesberg,"The potential this game has is amazing, yet what it offers at the moment can be debatedI have no true issues with the game because the updates fix previous issues and unlike other games, rarely cause bugs with their updates.Overral I'd recommend, though you may become bored after a while."
76561198180129363,Recommended,253250,20282194,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Shabaduya,this game is epic but i have found a bug if the game crashed and you try to reopen it i does not work it says i works as in running on your libery but no vishal or sonde is played so if any one find out how to tubble shoot it will be good
76561197982495202,Recommended,253250,20275202,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DarkCloud,"This game is a clash between a voxel sandbox world and classics like Sim City and Banished with a bit of RPG feel. You can create basicly whatever you want structure wise and own the map. Worlds are randomly generated, and so are your hearthlings (citizens). Each of which have unique attributes such as higher health/smarter/ or more devoted to their job. Progression is still very linear but with the state of the game and community it has potential to be a GREAT game."
,Recommended,253250,20280303,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,:) 🎃,"It's a really peaceful building game, and the only bug I've found so far was that the character models are a bit broken."
,Recommended,253250,20277766,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dat Boi,"Although it is early access there is a lot of good about this game. It is very approachable. The game is comparable to other games such as Banished, Sim City, Minecraft, and Terraria. However, it blends all of those together in one smooth feeling game. OVerall, I haven't had any horrible bugs, just a few settlers getting stuck in corners or objects but I highly reccommend this to any person who enjos city builders and and also enjoys building and designing buildings."
76561198151918775,Recommended,253250,20267249,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Selda,10/10 Bug Simulator but still an awesome game
76561198033098464,Recommended,253250,20165850,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Muskets,"I really cannot wait for local multiplayer or even online multiplayer (please make it easy to host and join servers I hate having to go into files and mess around). For some reason my people glitch out when they are near the storage boxes, they just stop moving and hold a resource. Keep up the work though! I really want this game finished soon!"
76561198069686215,Recommended,253250,20102102,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jelly Kid,"This game is great. For an early access game, this game does have a lot to offer. There is a few bugs, but the engine does a good job at catching errors, and reporting them to devs. I have to recommend this game."
76561198032588917,Recommended,253250,20102382,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,portable slime gargoyle,"a very good game, like a 3d, faster, complete version of Towns, however they need to fix multi level buildings because builders will ignore the plans for a multi level building"
,Recommended,253250,20190394,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Space Cat,"It's like a civ game, but enjoyable!"
76561198043905981,Recommended,253250,20179187,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Trues55,Decent game but the Devs need to fix Allocating Ram i am using 16 gbs of ram and the game lags cause its only using 2gbs of my ram and tries to use my compressed memory which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cause of the yeah you guessed it 14gbs of ram still free not being used. till its fixed i give it 3/5
76561198088915220,Recommended,253250,20179515,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,doctorshoes,"When I first picked up this game I thought I wouldn't like it, but I was completely wrong.Despite having a long way to go, this game shows some very unique concepts of which I haven't come across before.You play as a band of settlers trying to make a home for theirselves in the wilderness. If you want your town to grow you need to increase food, morale, and wealth. There are a few features that need refining, like for example, if you want a farmer you will need a carpenter to make a farmers hoe, but unless you bought a carpenters saw at the start of the game, your screwed.All in all a brilliant game, and the feature I love the best is the fact you can design your own houses! I love city builders so for me this is a dream come true, but this also may need refining"
76561198019912793,Recommended,253250,20203822,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mjaf,"Brilliant little game so far. Really excited to see the new content they will be adding later. It still has a few bugs for them to iron out, and building complex structures isnt advised.At this point its an Early Access game, and so your always going to encounter a few issues, but its an enjoyable little single player game as it stands and we will just have to wait and see how much more they can add, and how many bugs they can smash."
76561198022460813,Recommended,253250,20199660,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER,"An up and coming world builder with allot of charm. The begining hours of the game are fun and make me excited about what the developers will do in the coming months. There isnt allot of challenge or goals once you get you get through your first couple of days and the hearthlings can be a little dumb when mining, building, and un building, but other than that they seem to work very well. This game also needs allot of optimaizations, but I can see this game being a real masterpiece in its own right."
76561198121282730,Recommended,253250,23476122,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,huntercarpenter00,THis is a very great game that I have enjoyed very much. Its story is amazing and I love the gameplay
76561198282972591,Recommended,253250,23476149,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,kevin,this is a wonderful game！you should not miss it
,Recommended,253250,24246323,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aherrera98,"Nice game I play it a lot but I can not demolish a building and sometimes they never get completely demolished. It will be awesome if the building part gets fixed, also the way to put object like lamps its very anoying because you have to go one by one selecting each one."
,Recommended,253250,24399820,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Yandere-Shark,A very promising game!!I can't wait for what's in store for this game
76561198259340864,Recommended,253250,24398871,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DarkPhoenixx,"Wow just wow... i don't know where to start... this game is just amazing! I have played stonehearth for say a month and it has just been an awesome experience. I love the graphics, i love the building and animations, i love the many paths that you can take and choose of how to play this game, and i love all the things it has. I am what you could say a begginer but what i have seen so far just is awesome. I had been waiting to buy this game for a while and when i could i emediently bought it and i emediently became engrossed in it. In conclusion this is a 8.5/10 for altough it is quite a good game there is still lots of bugs that need to be fixed and more stuff to be added! But i totally recommend this and you should buy it. But really seriously buy it :steamhappy: you will love it also. (By the way this is my first review so please pardon any stuff i did wrong.)"
,Recommended,253250,18964324,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Amaro Kai,"EARLY ACCESS UPDATED REVIEWDesign and build your own township using small blocks to create custom buildings and watch your Hearthlings bring your town to life!    Manage resources, plan out your town, give your Hearthlings jobs, and prepare your defenses against ugly little goblins, Orgs, and more!Turn your little town into a bustling city or a sprawling graveyard*, your Hearthlings' fate** is in your hands!Warning: Some assembly may be required.   Building large graveyards may result in a lack of workers required to build said large graveyard. Additional slaves/herathlings will be provided at a rate of 1 per day (if) edible food is available.  Semi Rotten food is acceptable.      **Teasing large zombies, touring catacombs, playing with wildlife, dancing in camps or calling goblins ugly may be detrimental to your Hearthling's health."
,Recommended,253250,24198048,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Krumz,"Stonehearth has great potential and potential buyers should just in now.  The developers are the most communicative group I have ever seen.  They offer feedback through Twitch streams, development forums, and social media interaction.  They not only listen, but they produce; even taking creative players suggestions and turning them into game content right before your eyes.  The future of this game is bright, but the enjoyment has already begun."
76561198232111916,Recommended,253250,21065478,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,pating6,I would totaly recommend this game its being worked on by the dev's and it's showing lots of game content and it has it's peaceful and battle kinds of music wicth i love the most
76561198282003149,Recommended,253250,21086038,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,BlackShadowX21,"One of the best made games I've ever played. Everything runs smooth, looks great, and the game play is amazing. If you have the money, get this game."
76561198152797895,Recommended,253250,16266362,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Fuck Pelicans,One thing i noticed while playing is that all my male people had there head glitched into there crotch. The female characters were fine.
,Not Recommended,253250,21033986,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,-=ZF=-Lightning McCree,"First, let me say that I absolutely love this game.  I watch alot of videos on this game and played it for a decent amount of time.  But, I just can't play the game it keeps on crashing for me and I dont understand why I tried everything from deleting local files to loading it on a different computer.  I have a windows 8 and I dont think that it's is very stable for windows 8.  If you have the same verson of windows like me, I do not recommend this game for reasons of crashing but if you have windows 10 or something else I do recommend this game.  I only have 55min on this game do to crashes.  other from that the game is awesome I really like the complexity like making blacksmiths and masons to create equipment.  and soldiers to defend against goblins and golems.  Other than that i give this game a 7/10 do to crashes and bugs.  I know this game is a early release, but they should know how to improve this game."
76561198024883642,Recommended,253250,20672373,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Death_Bestow,"Well, I bought this game as a Christmas Present for myself.  I saw the trailer and thought it looked amazing, so so I picked it up.  I'm glad I did.As of now, Jan 21st 2016, Stonehearth is in an alpha state.  This means that features are not yet implemetned and the game is bare bones.  That said, it manages to have all the implemented features work well.  There is plenty of annoying things that happen, but the core gameplay is solid.  The bugs and glitches were relatively minor and did not destroy my experience.The developers for this game seem amazing, and they have weekly blog posts detailing the new content they developed.  They are in touch with the community and support the game, as opposed to many early access developers.  This is a great thing.The art style of the game is fantastic, and the music is delightful.  The theme that plays when you turn on the game is great.This is the lightweight version of Dwarf Fortress that I have been waiting for."
76561198353343939,Recommended,253250,30638821,Posted: 20 March,all,logandean1012,"it wont let me play because it says i deleted a json thing that it needs to run but i didnt even download it in the first place. but thanxs to the developer i fixed it, plus this is like the most fun game ever, build your settlement, deffend your settlement, and best of all unlock new jobs and grom your settlement. i hily recamen this game, if the same thing happens to you look at my commetes and the developer tells you how to fix it."
76561198211155857,Recommended,253250,21381007,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wombat Lord,Fun Fun FUN FUNNNNNHow do you get more hearthlings?:)
76561198159504131,Recommended,253250,21370896,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,daniel.bernier,This is a great game. But if you overlook the bugs. This will be a great game once it is out of alpha.
,Recommended,253250,21373867,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,purp dranker 4000,"like dwarf fortress, except I don't have to memorize a thousand different symbols to know what the hell's going on"
76561198091056198,Recommended,253250,21370134,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Carjiga,This is definitly a great game even at the alpha stage. Some things I would hope to see improvement on is more AI settlemetns and the multiplayer aspect but right now just building a massive city and protecting my citizens from the roaming wolves and goblin invasions is amazing. I have already build a graveyard in the center of the city for all those brave souls lost to help write this review. If you are interested in building and like a city building game with alittle bit of RPG in it then this is the game for you.
76561198022266392,Recommended,253250,30742511,Posted: 25 March,all,tailes18,Amazing Game loved being able to tell them what to do. Very buggy but it is ea so to be expected. Love to see more in the future as it does get boring after maybe 2 hours of the same playthrough. Damn goblins and monsters.
76561198039195307,Recommended,253250,21377599,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jake,"I rarely ever give game reviews on Steam, but this game is a well built, stable and extremely addicting early access town building game. I highly recommend checking it out and supporting the dev. team!"
76561197995466115,Recommended,253250,21413251,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,aefuze,"Very beautiful game with tons of potential to come in the future. If you do plan on buying this wonderful game, do so becasue this game has many thing in its future to come. The devolopers are very active and the game is updated frequiently. Great game in all 11/10 :)"
,Recommended,253250,21417148,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SirCave,Pretty good
,Recommended,253250,21418389,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jikiya,I really like this game but it NEEDS A TUTORIAL
76561198005339422,Recommended,253250,21431449,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Markrshaw666,dwarf fortress meets minecraft 10/10
76561198079524659,Recommended,253250,21523483,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Rowan16,"This game is addicting, I will warn you now. I just bought it yesterday and put in six hours trying to build a community. It is entertaining and works well in distracting me from Youtube."
,Recommended,253250,20443549,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Goreins,"Fun game,  but after a short while or rather after a few heartlings it starts to lag pretty hard :(. The AI is somewhat unoptimized but I can still recommend it."
76561198195452313,Recommended,253250,20445573,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Libr8Masses420,"Fun To play even in alpha stages.Has all the right quircks and charms, this better not become one of those thatgets left behind and stays in early access cause this ones onto a winner.Maybe not necessarily worth £18.99 however when its complete and has loads more features(which i expect and hope for) it would definitely be worth itif your fancying early access definitely get on board however but perhaps wait for a saleto come round"
76561198240563380,Recommended,253250,20442325,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fliper,Great game and has a great 8 bit art style.Love this game.
76561198247995614,Recommended,253250,20416333,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Vastorox,nice game
76561198146922929,Recommended,253250,20413488,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TNTsquadHQ,"Name Revalent As Hearthstone? As in Stonehearth? Btw Good game, keep the work up :>"
,Recommended,253250,20414752,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dragonz_Reinfields,"This, is the game I truly looking for my entire lifeABOUT THE GAME AND ENGINE:this game, is a mix from minecraft x stronghold crusaders, my both favorite game. they have ""collecting resource"" that i like, and the most important thing, hearthling, i love to see my hearthling running everywhere, working, fighting, mining, crafting, etc., the AI is surprisingly smart, although sometimes they got stuck on something and i need to remove the furniture so he/she can back to work, also some bugs made their head misplaced, moving while sleeping, sleep standing, etc., it's hillarious tho XDABOUT THE GAMEPLAY:although I just played about 5 hours in steam record, actually I already played 48 hours. So you asking where did the 43 hours go? mostly because of bugs, all my saved village is gone, or after 3 hours of playing got some bugs that force quit your game before even saved, or sometimes the auto save didn't work, you guess what the cause...first few hours I played this game is only to figure out how things work, it would be nice if they added some tutorial, but the only tutorial they add is just simply how to move your camera and thats it. after I figured out how things work, I starting to build my own village, some were lost because of bugs, and it's really frustating. after building village, it's time to create my very own structure, because they just give a few model for house such as dinning hall and sleeping quarter. they said if hearthling move faster on road, so I created some, and and don't see any diffrent, but still worth it because now my village looks prettier.ABOUT GRAPHIC:I have the minimum requirement for this game, windows 7 32 bit, intel core i3, intel HD graphics 3000, 2GB memory, and still laggy. it would be nice if they add some graphic settings, so I can set it at ""extreme low quality"". I am into the game quality, not the graphic quality. mostly any game creator failed to understand this, and they failed to get more player to his game, only because quality problem. there is so many game that i liked to play, but got limited by graphic, this game is almost became one of it if they set the quality any more higherSo, after all my writing, now it's time for score, and the score is...........7/10, pretty nice for an early access gamealthough there's still so much bugs, this game still worth it, keep it up and i will give higher rating"
76561198028371113,Recommended,253250,20313430,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Saen,right now? this is a great single player RTS.later? assuming the devs do what they say they will? this will be a great multiplayer RTS.
,Recommended,253250,20307765,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Vedballe,
76561198039448592,Recommended,253250,20285893,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Baron Von Bulldog,Wellthis game is supper fun and i like it but the only problem i have is they don't have first pioritry on what they should pick up so they don't haul that i need and the second problem is that they can get stuck when they try to pick upp a furniture or place it down
,Recommended,253250,20462081,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Chibi,"Even though its still in Alpha, Stonehearth is already a dammn good game. Looking forward to more updates :)"
76561198353499223,Recommended,253250,30678957,Posted: 22 March,all,zackcatchem7,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,253250,20459306,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Corvos,"This. Game. Is. Amazing. However, it has pros and cons.Pros-Very promising game. This game is amazing, especially for such an early build of it.-Great concept with great features. The building is buggy, but how it works is great. The class system is nearly perfected in terms of mechanics, just needs more classes.-Extremely entertaining and very fun to play, very calm and peaceful. This game is relaxing to play, and enjoyable overall.Cons-Needs more content, this game is great as is, but I feel as though I've accomplished everything there is in the game, which didn't take long. However, this is an extremely early version of the game, so that is expected of a game in this stage.-Combat needs some working on, I've had a lot of trouble with using the party system within the game and I feel it needs some improvements.-Optimization is a major issue. Yes I know its not a priority this early in development. But it is very difficult to make villages with 20ish or more people because it gets very laggy. Optimizing the game will allow for people to make bigger and better villages which would be absolutely amazing for this game.OverallThis game is amazing, the pros may or may not outweigh the cons, thats a matter of opinion. However, I am glad i purchased this game because it is very promising, and I feel as the developers are dedicated to making this game the best it can be. You may want to wait until the game is more developed before buying, but pick it up at some point, either now, or after its more developed."
,Recommended,253250,30679102,Posted: 22 March,all,Skipp,I've had this game for a long time now.The devs are amazing when it comes to finishing up somthing they've started.I lost hope in this gem for a while and its hard to hold your head high with all these failing projects abandoned by their devs.So thank you Radiant for creating and building one of my favorite games i've ever played.
76561198049253111,Recommended,253250,20245398,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dustlilac,"Awesome game!  Literally, perfect.  You get to do anything and everything you want: harvest, mine, build, customize, etc.  You build/design each house, road, field.  Once the game gets fleshed out with more furniture, objects, and other stuff it will be godlike.Issues:--Currently, there is pretty bad lag after your village gets large--Immovable world objects (should not exist in this sort of game)--Frequent crashes -- and I mean your entire computer--Crashes on loading the game (not entire computer, thankfully)--Ladders are not removed after construction is complete and no way to remove themStuff I'd like to see added:--Resources that needed to finish building displayed on building--Animals should not be able to open gates--Easier way to keep track of wood, stone, etc (like on top of screen)--Hearthlings should prefer cooked food instead of eating raw ingredients needed for recipes--Auto-harvest feature for berry bushes, cacti, wild silkweed, etc.--Chests having specific crafter tags (like carpenter)--Ability to put dirt back with grass on it to make everything oh so pretty--Ability to move things like berry bushes (re-plant)--Windows auto-closing when you click on another interface -- like the Worker interface closing when you open a Crafting menu--More compact interface for villager management (individual)"
76561198057643169,Recommended,253250,20496487,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,1337turtle,i love it so far and wish it had more 'bad guys' in it.
,Recommended,253250,20343833,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Captain Galester,"This game is adorable and quirky. Taking elements from games such as Cube World, and Minecraft. Even a little bit of Sid ?Meiers! Wether you play for the creativity  or to kill those goblions trying to invade your town! The game fits almost everyone. And even with how early in development the game is in, people are already modding! This game has such huge pottential it is almost a must have!"
76561198074652130,Recommended,253250,30674946,Posted: 22 March,all,sjsmith1994,"The ONLY thing I would possibly say that could be improved here is being able to have more hearthlings than 20. You get to your max capacity and I feel like ""Hey, I could do with a couple more soldiers""Aside from that, brilliant little game. I've sunk a while into this and i'm currently on my best save game to date.I'd agree with a lot of the other reviews that this game is buggy as anything. It needs improving on that front. I've had the whole ""hearthlings don't loot stuff you tell them to loot"" but I just end up cancelling every task and saying ""now go do this please"" and mostly it works.Could be improved A LOT but the idea is there. I just want to not have lag and whatnot"
76561198092184049,Recommended,253250,20333957,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,musecmh17,"I love this game so much, keep up the good work i cant wait unti the game is done and there are no more bugs."
76561198120453933,Recommended,253250,20513653,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Wolven Storm,very great game that i higly recomend only wish that it was more complete give it 92/100
76561198112475849,Recommended,253250,20568222,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,dixoniii,For a year know my game crashed when i tried to play this game But NO MORE i am keeping my promise by know recomendeng this game :-)
76561197964679780,Recommended,253250,20537216,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,κίηG-0-Dαηκ,Really shaping up to be something.Reminds me of my Warcraft 2 days.Looking forward to more content.>> (Like Archers and Wizards and Knights on Horseback and Multiplayer) << !!!!!
,Recommended,253250,19814187,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pyro,"This game is a nice new way to build civilizations and enjoy watching things go from nothing to something, I love the game but at times the time will go by slowly and it may get boring but it's easy to fix for the developers, just gotta add more enemies or events, also it has some strange bugs, weird ai spawns (such as the bottom of a lake), and when playing as the Acendency (forgot what it's called/spelled) I get random times where I from over 60 fps to a complete stop. The game has a lot for it though, just has room for improvement- and that's why it's an alpha and not the full game."
76561198129062892,Recommended,253250,19606601,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,DarkSunRises,Still in Alpha stage but still an amazing game! I've lost track of time numerous times! Sometimes gets really buggy but they seem to smash those bugs quickly! Would recommend buying it.
76561198109384009,Recommended,253250,19722543,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zombiexslayer67,the game is fun and they always add new updates and it just cool running your town and watching it grow and after that desert update stonehearth is now booming up with ideas and for me its my all time favorite game
76561198081258491,Recommended,253250,19745304,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mel (OD),This game is really fun. it has a few things here and there that need working on but its early access. i recoment waiting another 3-4 months before buying tho as its very cpu heavy
,Recommended,253250,19843058,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Rasat,"Funny game, if you like minecraft with a bit more rpg :) Also check the forum for mods! Really cool!"
76561198115108294,Recommended,253250,19829456,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Junior,Town cant attack for♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198161107867,Recommended,253250,19834921,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,LocoPancake,Was a fun game but to many bugs. I'll get it again when finish or less bugs.
76561198052493401,Recommended,253250,19947726,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MrStealYoGurl,Wow what a good game but i lagg so much does anyone know a solutaion the less laggy the more i will play please someone help it is a good game its just that i lagg
76561198267921643,Recommended,253250,19987166,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,?Wrench?,"While there may be some bugs, this game can easily hook you in if your into building and managing your own little settlement."
,Recommended,253250,19986287,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Thegrimreaper,"This is a great game, actually when i got it i spent 3 hours without knowing the time went by it's still a WIP but so far i would say a great game out of all 10/10 i would like to see what the hearthlings that made this game have in store for the future updatesyours truely-grim"
76561198158521485,Recommended,253250,19980175,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DiabloTurkeyMan,"10 hours into it, still enjoy"
,Recommended,253250,19984208,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Trashboat ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,This is like an easy Dwarf Fortress. Super fun.
,Recommended,253250,19892928,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shadymailman,"In case you think the devs arent working on stuff :http://stonehearth.net/roadmap/They also release videos every tuesday on upcoming things.So ive put in about 9 hours so far and there is plenty more to do. You give commands to build stuff or chop trees and your little hearthlings do the rest. Have to assign jobs such as carpenter, weaver, farmer, trapper, footman, blacksmith etc.. You can really build just about anything in this game using blocks.They are starting to add detail like different kinds of chairs, lamps, decorative stuff. You can really build a good looking city/town.I've always stayed away from ""block looking games"" because i think they need to get up to date with the graphics but this game may have changed my mind. It kinda is blocky but there is also detail, like guys with mohawks and beards, some women have ponytails and stuff.I like how when you want them to build something, they build a little scaffolding around it. Thats pretty cool.This game is great for people with lower end PCs as it runs pretty damn smooth on my laptop.It is an Alpha and does have bugs and whatnot, but you can tell they work on stuff and add new content.I reccommend this game if you like city building/maintain your village/survival(they need to eat and stuff)/running a village games. i dont know where i was going there but its definitely a cool little city building game.40 HOURS LATER:I can back to edit my original review because there is more i'd like to add. There are things i wanted to do in the game, but wasnt able to so i went tostonehearth.netand went on the forums. I posted that i didnt like how you could edit the appearance of the little hearthlings. Within an hour i get a response that there is a mod i can DL that will have that option for you. DL, easy to install, and boom problem solved.Playing the game, a goblin camp spawned near me. Took a while to kill, had to get the whole town behind it, but was able to destroy the goblin camp. The only issue is that they left a ""scar"" on the ground(they mined out the 1st layer of ground to make a camp). So that made me mad because im a visual person and it just ruined the look of my camp. So i went back to the forums and posted how i didnt like that part of the game. Within 15 minutes i got a response, theres a mod for that. So i DL the mod, fix the issue and write this review.People are determined to make this a beautiful, wonderful game. Its worth it, people."
76561198175315141,Recommended,253250,20072028,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Burntpotato,Really great game i love how you have to build stuff to keep people alive. Great game
76561198060807218,Recommended,253250,19965988,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wh1tE,StoneHearth is nice city builder game. Easy to pick up and just fun to play
,Recommended,253250,20064131,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,voiceofangel,
76561197960886830,Recommended,253250,20095020,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Radek,"The best way to describe Stonehearth came from my brother the first time he saw me playing it:""Its like minecraft in 3´rd person""The game is relaxing and I really like the build your own aspect of the game. Im looking forward to getting out of beta and get other peoples building into my game."
,Recommended,253250,24132610,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Spitfiredzwww,2gud.Go buy.I much recommend.If your pc can take it and you can take the occasional crash.
76561198001648526,Recommended,253250,24196271,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jhart19,"Very unstable in Win 10.When it runs, it's a fun, light-hearted game.  Looking forward to the bugs getting woked out."
76561198039589054,Recommended,253250,24196777,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Meridian,"I love this game! Hopefully, the development will continue. Other kickstarters have made me cautious about getting another one because if they fall through, you get half a game. They are constantly coming out with bug fixes and new content for this though, so to me it was well worth the money so far."
76561198189536003,Recommended,253250,24196919,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,CatLovingRyan,Loved it 8/10.
76561198095053884,Recommended,253250,19377374,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zek,I like this game but when they update it you have to start a new game.
,Recommended,253250,24179531,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Tanya Von Degurechaff,9.5/10 This Is A Really Fun And Enjoyable Game Its has both Medival roles and Good Building system I would 100% Recommend this Amazing Games
,Recommended,253250,24041789,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gubbstep,"I love this game.its exactly what ive been looking for in a town builder, the ablilty to create my own buildings and themes, it reminds me of a 3D gnomoria, and i loved that game aswell, sure it has a few bugs, but that comes with an early access game, in short, if you like god games, then this is for you."
,Recommended,253250,24031366,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Joshy,I love this game! So much to do and play with! I've played each of the releases and can't wait to see what the developer does with the game.:)
,Recommended,253250,24031505,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jake16wheeler,"so awesome and addicting, very fun game. Some minor bugs, I imagine they will be fixed soon!"
76561198018629855,Recommended,253250,24136188,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Zekumas,Don't remember playing this game but apparently I have..... its a neat little game worth playing.
76561198203589439,Recommended,253250,24175518,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,_BobaFett_19,"Starting off, the bugs and UI was a little off putting. Once you get the hang of the controls, everything moves as fast as your little hearthlings can build buildings, sustain resourses, defend your town, and do their jobs. This game is very addicting and very relieving to see bugs being addressed and fixed. Error messages still occur from time to time, other than one showing ""an action failed as the screen moved"" i havent really seen any different messages in a regular session."
76561198014493080,Not Recommended,253250,25294184,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tswiggs,"Maybe Someday--------------Stonehearth attempts to bring gorgeous, blocky graphics to the dwarf fortress formula.  Its got a streamline job system, a wonderful building system and makes a stab at making combat more interesting.  Unfortunately the fun that could be had by this game is drowning under piles of game shattering bugs.  The game is built on a couple of core mechanics: collect resources, dig mines, build stuff and profit.  Digging and building are simply non fuctional as of now.  Your games will be filled with half constructed homes and holes filled with stupid people that dug down without a way back up. And to preemptively strike down the impending ""the latest patches should have fixed some of this"" they did not.  The game is in a cycle of adding new content but they haven't fixed what is already there.  For ♥♥♥♥s sake they just barely allowed you to delete walls.  ITS A BLOODY COLONY SIM WHERE YOU WERENT ABLE TO DELETE BUILDINGS."
76561197981649077,Recommended,253250,25386085,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MrChubs,"Just wanted to say, I love your game and really enjoy the improvements that have happen since the last time I played. It was awesome seeing your booth at PAX by the way! one of the ladies gave me two buttons for owning the game already :)."
76561198084200551,Recommended,253250,25391419,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,volendar,"good game, but somewhat inefficient cpu usage. i have a midrange gaming computer, but it starts maxing out a few days in. few bugs still to fix as well. also the inability to change difficult level makes it too easy or very challanging."
,Recommended,253250,30863478,Posted: 31 March,all,Whooda,"It's a cute, animated, cube based Dwarf Fortress-lite city building/management sandbox game.Take the negative reviews with a grain of salt, most of these are people who either don't understand what ""alpha"" means, or think a small indie team can reasonably pump out a game in less then a few years AND make it bug free, optimized, and still fun.As I said it's in Alpha still, and has been for 2-3 years. If you're not patient and don't want to take part in the development of the game then don't get the game. If you can't handle the occasional UI crash or losing entire towns/saves don't get the game.However if you want to have some fun building a town up cube-by-cube with a consistently evolving building and crafting system, using ""Hearthlings"" who are as of this review beginning to gain unique personalities and needs, you should get this game. All while fighting off the occasional hordes of wolves, zombies, goblins, and cultists. Or you can opt for the creative mode and do whatever people do with no threat of losing. And you're contributing to the development with an active dev team who are (despite what seems to be some peoples opinion) working diligently on making this game as fun and bug free as possible before release. Watch in amazement as you post a bug to their forums and someone not only responds, but they fix it in the next release!TL;DR: It's a fun game in active alpha development which I would certainly recommend to friends if I had any."
76561198042644719,Recommended,253250,27589923,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ChaosSovereign,"I honestly bought this game expecting a fun little time sink with minimal depth, especially considering it was (and is) an Alpha... but it ended up being so much more. It already has strategic depth, fantastic voxel art, and a pretty awesome story that drives itself naturally and effortlessly. 115% recommend this game."
76561197986155483,Recommended,253250,27577116,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GTH,"Overall quite an enjoyable game, continued updates make it worth supporting. Once alot more bugs have been removed, and speedups/ reduced choppiness and lag issues sorted it will be great."
76561198010199823,Recommended,253250,27552429,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TOFUFU,"great game, still in development but what they have so far is amazinglove the art style and intricate details the game has"
76561198177718290,Recommended,253250,30749241,Posted: 26 March,all,Kalendarius,Fix the bugs and polish the game a bit and tadaaa perfect
,Recommended,253250,30365355,Posted: 6 March,all,Kizu_Okami,"An interesting game to play. It has base building and the system it uses to determine if you can receive a new hearthling ensures you have an ideal amount of supplies to support your community. The pace of the mob spawns, strength, and attacks are balanced enough to provide a challenge but not to outright destroy everything you built within day 1. Another plus is how it has a somewhat story driven system that gives you main goals aside from any personal goals you may have for your communityThe base building is unique that it seperates everything into the basic details you may need to build a 2-story home, and if you choose, you can custom build a home brick by brick by using the slabs selection on the build menu.The game does have it's bugs though, looting can sometimes fail to work and would require a few different workarounds or console commands in order to allow an item to be looted. Sometimes while buiding structures your hearthlings may put an item on top of the building, and when they finish it, it will be stuck there unless you use console commands to move it.Another small downside is once a building is made it can no longer be edited. Things like wall decorations or furniture and workshops can not be placed on these areas once built but I am sure this can be fixed with console commands also.Overall it is a great game and after just buying it about 5 days ago, already have 11 hours logged into the game. Highly addictive, interesting, and fun."
,Recommended,253250,32772133,Posted: 25 June,all,hydrokinesis,"It's a fascinating mixture of banished, minecraft and caesar that I find to be honestly frighteningly addictive at times. The ui could use a few tweeks and the bugs are still there, but it is honestly the most amusing game I've played in years."
,Recommended,253250,26944063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cool_Mouth,"As a  Alpha title i look forward to more updates of this game, great title and shows alot of promises.pros: control over the worldgreat creative control in buildinggreat amount of classesthese are things i found intresting in the game the graphic style i enjoy alot also.the cons still in alpha so can be bugs along the way, some that have effected me are the AI bugs which they have fixed previously.It is worth the buy if you want a game you can endlesy play with no direction, and want to enjoy sending people to there death like♥♥♥♥♥♥hitting a fan. but still in alpha, buy if you are intested its worth the buy."
76561197976349940,Recommended,253250,17180929,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,RedisSupreme(TC),"Update: I didn't recommend this game because of the incredibly incomplete state at the time. But since then they have come a long way and I can recommend this game now. Its quite fun now, one of the better games of it's variety.Original review with updates:$25 will buy you five large cups of coffee. I would rather have the coffee than this game.+An interesting game that has potential if the devs come through on their promises+Lots of possibilities for creative projects+The best minecraft clone out there that isn't trying to be minecraft+A nice aestheticUpdate: They have really started to flesh things out and have made several improvements and additions to the game.-Characters move super slow even during fast forward speedsUpdate: They have added a double fast speed which is fine.-You start with a map of the generated world, then must choose a terribly small section of it to be your entire game world.Update: Still a problem-The building system is difficult and unforgiving. Small mistakes means you have to scrap the entire building plan (alpha issue)Update: Its still hard to make anything truely grand or interesting but at least they have made some progress. It used to be that complex projects couldnt even be built because the npcs just didn't have the brains to figure out how to build a second floor, they that can.-Very unstable with frequent bugs ending entire game worlds (alpha issue)Update: Very rarely see errors and never world ending bugs.-Currently a very real lack of content outside of the buggy building system (alpha issue)UpdateL They're adding content slowly but its being done.-The game has been in dev for five years but they are still in the alpha stages and they have announced that they intend to start making other games. They've really done a good job keeping frequent contact with the community but I'm worried they will eventually abandon this project all together if the seams cant hold it together.Update: Two years later and they're still in alpha. I still don't think they'll ever finish."
76561198041280395,Recommended,253250,32894569,Posted: 27 June,all,Death10201,Don't have many hours in this game but so far its a nice resource/ tribe development game
,Recommended,253250,22202648,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,estrada3190,Overall a great game but atm there are just too many bugs.
76561197986629379,Recommended,253250,32763718,Posted: 25 June,all,Vali,"So this was a strange story to me. I bought it some time ago, i didnt like it, i refunded.Then i saw it again and they had made many updates, so i figured id try it again. And it was goooood.There is a good DF vibe going, which by my standards is top notch.It lacks content of course, but that is only to be expected from an EA gameThe Devs seem very active and responsive, which is a rare thing in most EA gamesGo try it out, you wont regret it"
76561198108247856,Recommended,253250,32963512,Posted: 28 June,all,Bearholdingfish,very good game
,Recommended,253250,32752843,Posted: 24 June,all,The Necromancress,I told a goblin no. And then everyone died.
,Recommended,253250,33157600,Posted: 2 July,all,RushFreak,"I dont know what to say, but i can say i love it :)"
,Recommended,253250,33008790,Posted: 29 June,all,nick275,"pros:can get ur own villagers killedstarve the vegetarians if u want toactually build what you wantmake your own aestheticsalways SOMETHING to do, could never have a villager go ""idle""cons:contruction bugs -> saying they need more stone/any other item OR for them to stop building(fix to construction bugs is to either reload a previous save or destroy the building)trading should have more available items to buy / sellwhen villagers see an enemy they should IMMEDIATELY trigger the enemies are incoming sign(currently it's to the point of only your army can see them and i have to deal with a dead villager AND the enemies)enemies bug out to be invincible(reload previous save to fix)should fix some fps issues(♥♥♥♥ing minecraft runs more smoothly i hit like 500-1k frames on that ♥♥♥♥er with 16 chunks while in this i get a stick up my♥♥♥♥♥for my birthday)overall: amazing game to kill time and to peacefully enjoy. has hella bugs that NEED to be fixed."
76561198073462382,Recommended,253250,29476298,Posted: 24 January,all,ImChrisJamesBitch,"This game is in my top 5 favorite game to play. With every update brings great things. i took a break and came back and found a lot of improvements. i wish i could list everything good about this game. the graphics are voxel with a beautiful polish on it. the career tree is a great feature. the crafting is just enough to where its not too complicated to learn. and believe me i suck at complex crafting systems. look with a 2 hour trial period that steam gives you why not give it a shot. its a fun game. it can be super casual if you want. there is a mode where you can play without goblins attacking you. but its the attacks that make you want to get better and prepare for the invasions. the devs have a gem with this game. ive invested almost 45 hours with it and still going . try it , you wont regret it.i know its been in EA for a while now. but honestly for an EA game its super fun. I dont think because a game sits in EA for a long time doesnt mean you should fear it. i dont know how big the dev team is. but they roll out updates and progress reports often. all EA means to me is that the game isnt where they want it to be just yet. look at games like ARK. its been EA for a long time but that doesnt stop it from being a great game to play.thank you devs for making this game. it has satified alot of things i was looking for in a game. and i have yet to find another like it."
76561198149567683,Recommended,253250,33043518,Posted: 30 June,all,harrywonder,"The game keeps bringing new content right when I think it's done, that's why I love early access games like this one"
,Recommended,253250,29269318,Posted: 15 January,all,DarkDvr,"A surprisingly interesting and at times difficult take on village building.However, building system has major issues and some unneeded limitations. Many of the game's own building designs cannot be finished due to bugs in AI and pathing. Unfortunately, entire year has passed since I last played and same major bugs are still there."
76561198171878257,Recommended,253250,20656934,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Choook,I only have 16 hours on this game at the time i am writing this but after those 16hrs i have had Heaps of enjoyable times. Yes the game is a litlle buggy which is understandable because it is still in early access and yes there are still many elements missing from the final product which may turn people off from buying the game. But what makes the game stand out to me rather than other early access games is the development Team and the community support for this game. I had a few questions about the game and i went to the  Stonehearth Disscussion page and i had all my questions answered by the community in minutes. Not only that but updates are constant and this really shows how the developers are interacting and involving themselves in the games community.There are many elements to the game and heaps that can still be added. I feel this game has a lot of potential to become a very successful game if the community and developers keep going the way the are going. I hope this helps your questioning about this game.
76561198142676234,Not Recommended,253250,33401229,Posted: 9 July,all,{69th WR} Officer Moist,"Ah, geez. Stonehearth. You can see by my hours I've poured a lot of time in to this game. I love it, it's fun, it's simple, and I would recommend it...But...It's buggy. It doesn't update often. When it does update, barely anything changes. It's buggy. It's somewhat unblanced.I T ' S   B U G G Y.I love this game, I really do. But I want to see it change, I want it to be more.Pick it up during a sale and wait a few months/years/centuries for the next few updates, then play it then.A note to the devs: OPTIMISE YOUR COCKING GAME SOME MORE."
,Not Recommended,253250,24005613,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zornor,"A game with a nice style and soundtrack, but currently crippled by a poorly implemented building system and several bugs that have been around for many versions. I don't recommend it in its current state, but it has promise."
76561198162896206,Recommended,253250,32267413,Posted: 8 June,all,Mendrick/farmskins.com,It's one of my favorite games so far. I really enjoy the gameplay and the building. Buy it !
76561198125794239,Recommended,253250,21208762,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Poppy,love the idea of this game
76561198064661193,Not Recommended,253250,19442664,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Elche,"Not a review :)Edited again: So after years of reporting bugs related to building mostly, they finally started working on this when it is clear they should have focused on this before. Now they are doing a complete revamp because the building system was so so so broken that they have to start pretty much from scratch, so all this new progress won`t be added into the game until it is fully done, and in the meantime we will have to continue ""playing"" with this broken building system for who knows how longer.Such a bad planning....--------Edited Again: No! The game has been going nowhere for the lasts months, in the last 6 months no meaningful update and some bugs have been around for years now. Yes, for years!Plenty of features still missing, I don`t care waiting but the progress has been way too slow to none at all.Wait to buy this one.--------Edited Again:Game was improved, it works fine now, it coud work better but it is totally playable.--------EditedChanged to no due to the memory leak issues.I don´t care waiting for the game to have more features (which they are adding), but if I can´t even play it then I can´t give feedback and I bought a EA game to help with development giving feedback or reporting bugs not to be a sponsor.Now before anyone comes and says, this is an EA game bla bla bla... I have plenty of those and support them because I can play them.--------First review:The yes is because the game if very good, even for an EA... there is one big thing though were I would like to see improvements and kinda fast to be honest.The game needs to be optimized asap. Now.... I know this is an EA and optimization sometimes comes later than sooner but I have played many games in EA and this one is by far the less optimized. Btw, I can play Arma III with no issues, Rust when it was not optimized was good on my pc, now is even better of course. I know each game is different but if I can play Arma III I should be able to play this game fine, but noo... after having like 10 or 16 people on my city, the game fps star to drop a lot... to a point were it becomes unplayable. I read happens mostly to Nvidia users, which happens to be my case.I will wait a month to change this review to a negative. I like the game though, only issue is the one mentioned."
76561198011487967,Recommended,253250,18338105,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Dr. Williams Disorderly,Keep the updates a coming.
,Recommended,253250,18407203,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,FapItDan,"I absolutely enjoy this game. It runs smoothly, it's graphics are cute, and it's great for casual gameplay.Yes, there are a few bugs (like there's a game out there that doesn't have any) but they didn't really destroy the gameplay. The one thing that was somewhat annoying, was the lack of an actual tutorial."
76561198090268639,Recommended,253250,18371093,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Chicken Knight,"Awesome Mix of city builder and sandbox, bit buggy but its still in early access, if i were to suggest one thing about this game it would be to add the abilty to tame the wolves you rescue."
76561198096295693,Recommended,253250,17755199,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Groomster136,"Game is Brilliant, only downside is when you get 20+ hearthlings, they begin to lag a little and stop doing tasks. Very fun if you keep the population at 15. Would be better if there was a defined radius around your village where monsters dont spawn, keep getting goblins spawn inside my walls"
76561198024082149,Recommended,253250,17804954,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,kenlure,"Finally! A Dwarf Fortress for people who want graphics and a simple interface.Easy to play, easy to learn, easy to enjoy.As a very easily bored person, the fact that I've played for so long even through weird graphics glitches and a single crash (the crash is why I have time to make this review before jumping back in) should be a sign that even in ALPHA with glitches and a handful of ""Oops, better start over"" moments, this game is AWESOME!I cannot wait for the next update, no matter what it is.If it's fixes, great!If it's new content, super!If it's both, OH BOY!If you liked or thought you'd like games like Towns or Gnomoria or Dwarf Fortress but they're just too... Dwarf Fortressy: GET THIS GAME!"
76561198057206679,Recommended,253250,17772776,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RC_Pestana,Best then Minecraft. XD
76561198148601167,Recommended,253250,20328882,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,bobthefrog,"Great fun, a few bugs, and overall just extremely fun. The only thing I have to say about it is the nap size is limited, and I personally would like a much larger map"
76561198036860379,Recommended,253250,20335960,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Terelinth,"I'm in love with this game. Don't get me wrong, it's not fully optimized, has some glitches, and is nowhere near complete.... but the gameplay is right up my alley! I love the sandbox feeling but with still having some structure involved. I love that you have full control over city/town building but that the inhabitants actually physically carry out your orders and you don't control them directly! I love the cute art style and the class system, it's all great.My only beefs are some of the annoying UI and citizen pathing/building idling glitches but I just save often and freely use the console commands to delete problem objects. ALSO, this game is far from complete so don't expect to get anywhere close to 100 hours of novel gameplay out of it... that isn't to say that if designing custom buildings/towns are your thing that you couldn't put 1000 hours into it though. The devs do an update every Tuesday on their website so progress is being made towards expanding the game. It's awesome to come in now as it's slowly growing as opposed to all the disappointed Kickstarter campaign people who expected a completed game already.... but I'm not complaining."
76561198121393749,Recommended,253250,20324081,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Delondro,"Its like Playing a Strategy Minecraft, except having bratty friends who don't wanna help you mine and build a house xD"
76561198161953554,Recommended,253250,20327061,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,samuelkitchen,"I love the Idea of this game, not only do you use your imagination, but the villagers do to! They dont move whilst running (treadmill). They couldn't get down one of my ladders, so they built one on top (Stiltwalkers). To be honest the game is great! I rate 8.92/3.76"
76561198055179394,Recommended,253250,20384071,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dragola901,"Do you like minecraft/cubeworld but you want to manage a city in it? Look no further Stonehearth is here!Great game but I can't do anything at the moment due to a building bug :(.Pros:Graphics- looks like cube worldSystem- simple and funCombat- simple and effectiveWorld- large world that is randomly generated (to a point)Enimies- adds a challenge to gameCons:Bugs- to be expected but can kill game (building bug)This game has so much potential, I can't wait to see what comes next. Keep up the good work!"
76561198037946085,Recommended,253250,20382781,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,bighurst,this game is great fun.it still has a few things to fix but u have to expect that from an unfinished game.really looking forward to the finished product!thanks keep up the good work
76561198049294676,Recommended,253250,20351253,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrDEVKONG,It have many bugs right now and some funktions not so good but I haven't played that much but it is realy fun
76561198006573638,Recommended,253250,19834656,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Casfe,"Wait until the game is finished before attempting to play seriously for any amount of time.The last 5 towns I have started go strong with generally very few issues until I hit the 5 or 6 hour mark. Then the rage-inducing things start to happen:- Villagers will begin to forget or ignore duties. Such as mining or building.- Building options become non-existant. By which I mean being unable to put things like window frames into a window-sized opening or wall you have made.- Citizens forget they have beds. 11 beds, 10 people, and everyone chooses to sleep on the floor? Some BETWEEN the beds themselves!- Music gets stuck, when you are near an enemy or engaged in battle the music changes to suit it. There is a good chance that once you get in battle and defeat your goblin/skeleton opponents it just wont stop, making it harder to detect if you get into battle again because it always sounds like you are.Will add more once I calm down. Watching your town rise to greatness from nothing and losing complete control over it is maddening."
,Recommended,253250,24667038,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Violatio,"Early in development, but really fun.  Expect some bugs along the way.  Devs seem actively involved with the community.  Overall this game is really fun even with the current bugs."
,Recommended,253250,24740797,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mabe,"Thank you, for creating a amazing game! It is great in every aspect.This is what I like (love):Buiding: You can customize everything! Build you own houses, shape them, make updrages and re-place the upgraded furnitures with the old shabby ones. You can form and shape houses, just to how you'd like your town to look like. You can build fences, or independent walls for protection. You choose what color and look the walls and everything will be. This is GREAT! :DFighting: I'm not too fond of fighting, but playing in Normal mode is far more fun then playing in Sandbox (easy) mode. It creates a slight challenge, and some epic moments of ""OMG I got whiped"". This in my world, is great, and positive. It only makes me want to start over, and do it better. The soliders can be upgraded, and when I create better equipment then what they already am wearing, they automatically go and put it on. Amazing!Farming: Farming side of this, is made for a farming maniac such as my self. I love how I can mine for clay, minerals, rock and so forth, I can chop down trees, plant trees, make food, and generally make my own game. Great!What I don't like:The graphics when mining; It is sometimes very, very hard to see what I'm doing. It feels like there is no debht when mining, so it is very hard to see where I am going, and what I'm mining. This has killed several of my settlers, hehe!Building: Sometimes the settlers doesnt know what to do, after I've set down a door, a building or a road. I'm not sure if this is a bug, or if it's me placing things too close to eachother.Editing: I want to delete my building. Walls. Sometimes I want to delete roads. This isn't possible, as far as I know. I'm no expert, but I haven't been able to do this.Suggestion: I'd love to see it be possible to add doors to the independent walls. So far, I haven't been able to.Again, love this game! Best one I've played for a while! Absolutely worth the money, and the time spent on it. Early access, and I already am in love with it. This game will be epic once launched!"
76561198066030224,Recommended,253250,26023175,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mr.Makk,"I dunno if you all've heard of a game called Cubeworld, but Stonehearth is a bit like Cubeworld mashed together with Minecraft and Banished.A nice RPG feel for every one of your peasantlings, with several classes implemented for a basic workout of an economy and military, with more supposedly to come.I mentioned Minecraft, because every construction, mine, and every single block of the terrain is malleable. LIke I mean your peasants contruct your buildings block by block with the use of scaffoldings and ladders to scale the structure during the entire process.It's Early Access, so you guys know the drill. The game's still being developed so don't expect a bugless experience, and perfectly shined mechanics. That being said though, definitely looks promising and I'm very interested in seeing how this evolves."
76561198052261797,Recommended,253250,25967968,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ShownByDaLight,"I only have a couple hours onhand for this game but felt inclined to voice my satisfaction.-Super cute-Relaxing-Some times challenging-Creative-List goes on.Just wish I could make Wizards and train pets.Other than that, the crafting and fighting systems are appealing. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,253250,25932487,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Flxur,"Its a great game! But it can have some really frustrating bugs! There is a bug where your workers won't continue/finish building a house you made, people dont know what causes this bug yet, but its really annoying. Thats like the only bug i have experienced so far. But its a good game."
,Recommended,253250,26021143,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,fantomfreke,"I'm TOTALLY addicited to this game. Its still early access, so the few bugs you find, you can gloss over for how fun it is. I've played, built up and lost several towns already. The ui is simplistic, with everything you need and easy to remember. You can also build anything you want for your town and there are lots of buildings that the community has already built that you can download and use, as well as several helpful mods already. This game is going to be huge, so get in now and be a part of the magic that is STONEHEARTH!"
,Recommended,253250,26021423,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,⛥ Blackhuskyy ⛥ 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,I really like this game. and recommend it.. but the building design is frustrating and just a total cluster♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,253250,25917301,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Real Karl,"It's neat, and has a lot of potential. That being said, it's shallow and has much room for improvement. Can't wait to see what comes next."
76561198152381242,Recommended,253250,25195308,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SOX SF,"A very good game, a good strategy game,good graphics,cool story,it still need some fixes but it´s cool already.APROVED"
,Recommended,253250,25022303,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,apina2518,UM it needs some work lol help addicted i hate my life kys if u reading this
,Recommended,253250,25049041,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,geethereaper,"A very promising city-builder game. As of this review, it's still on its alpha version, so expect bugs. I get my hearthlings stuck here and there when mining and I've always got to put a ladder to ""rescue"" them. It's annoying. I hope they fix that. Here's what you get:Hearthlings - a collective name for your citizens. In order to gain more citizens, you've got to make improvements to your town to reach daily goals. Hearthlings have stats, and depending on those skill points, they could be suited to a particular job/task. It's still up to the player to assign what kind of work a hearthling would be doing, though.Enemies - you can get attacked or stolen by enemies. It's funny to think that these enemies could have their own camps/towns, too. I haven't played enough to the point of seeing a very good ""monster town"". But defeating them, you can pretty much loot their things.Resources - it's either you buy your things or you craft them from your own hard-earned materials. To get your raw materials and craft them into something else, you've got to rely on your hearthlings.Build Mode - there are a few building blueprints you can choose from and these pre-existing blueprints depend on your hearthlings' ancestry. Heck, if you don't like them, you could always customize your own! As your crafters become more experienced, you'd get to see new items you can use for building your buildings. So, it's not all laid down for you. I find that neat. We'd probably see more items for buildings as the game grows. It's unfortunate that once you finished constructing a building, you can no longer edit it. :(Quests - just a few, really.Opportunities for Trade - these pop out randomly as messages? You could always refuse if you don't like the deal. I wonder if we could have other towns to trade resources with? Even enemy towns? Haha. That'd be neat.Hmmm... I don't know if I've got everything down but those are the features I remember as of now. Anyway, you should check this out!"
76561198077098431,Recommended,253250,25070581,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,trunk monkey,"I rarely write reviews but this game deserves one. It is a horrible game, bad ai random preformance issues building is extremlu clunky. literally you can have a beefed up town with a giant wall and still get completly rekt because of bad ai... people with no health will be the first to charge into battle and that is infuriating to watch this idiot just commit suicide for no reason.After all of that though it still managed to be pretty fun. If you dont mind getting super annoyed and raging every 20 mins because of a stupid bug and are here with a shovel to dig through this games annoying muck you will have a ton of fun. just remember to save literally after every thing you do. this game claims to have an auto save and it only works when it feels like it. checked the box for auto save 4 hours later I get completly rekt lost 26 peeps. think no big deal ill just load save... nope, hadnt auto saved since my very first manual save (that you have to do in order to activate auto save.) so yeah at the time of this review im 4.7 hours in and am gonna have to leave it here for awhile."
76561198273506625,Recommended,253250,24918368,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,bill mays,this game is pretty good but it gets boring after a bit but it gets better the more stuff you can do even though this is a grinding fest of a game i recommend this game but there are some pros and cons---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pro: if you have like lets say 4 hours to kill this is the best game i have seen to do thatcon: if you hate grinding and spending like 8 hours just to get a trappers dagger i dont reccomend thispro: this game is in alpha so if you hate the game now it will just get better for you when the updates come incon: this game has a lack of story line plus its really hard to actually get to the fun part of the gamepro: if you like doing very hard work on a game GO FOR IT BUY THIS GAME NOW AND IGNORE THIS REVIEWcon: this game feels a bit empty.... it feels like something is watching you..... something sinistercon: this game lacks in musiccon: this requires a computer MADE FROM JESUS CHRIST HIMSELF without lagging as CRAPcon: the game made my anti virus think its a virus BUT ITS NOT A VIRUS DO NOT REVOLT FROM THIS GAME BECAUSE OF ME
,Recommended,253250,26542005,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dr. Bard,"I like this game and I am excited to see where it will in the future. While this remains in early access, I would like to point out that there are a dozen or more games exactly like this on Steam and other platforms. For me to keep playing, I need to know how this game will be distinct amongst the others. How will this game be it's own thing and not just another one of these games."
,Recommended,253250,25878688,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,NOSQ | Jackalanton,"With each update, which is pretty frequent, this game is all the more fun. I highly recommend it as fun way to spend a few spare hours. Real good job!"
76561198054948733,Recommended,253250,21905229,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Pseudonym 43,An incredibly addictive and charming city builder. It's still in progress and it's still getting better and better.
,Recommended,253250,21875413,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Splurge,So much potential. Needs bigger maps to explore other cities to invade/work with npc city.
76561198142561009,Recommended,253250,21879149,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,cinth73,"Great Game! Love the hearthlings, there not mindless workers, they eat,sleep,and rest by the fire,plz, never change this,I love the jobs and skill sets,and the bright colors,.Not much to complain about really, did note however, the game starts to lag has your town grows,this worrys me alittle, =| . Would like to see a wider set of monsters and/or critters,and more job/skills, =) . Other then that, KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!"
76561198230437980,Recommended,253250,21871363,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,WarEagle1984,This is a great game lots of fun some bugs  but it's in Early Access and still being developed.  developers are very focused on the game  constantly updating it and fixing bugs and adding new features I would strongly recommend this game to anyone!
76561198074281422,Recommended,253250,21947261,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Rs9000 ♚ ☭ ✌,"This is one of the only games that is an amazing product before release. In its current state, it obviously has bugs. However almost all of these bugs can be fixed by saving and restarting the game. With the recent updates allowing buildings to be created so much easier, it is so much more fun to let you build a town that looks good and functions amazingly. It is a perfect game to play if you are looking for a relaxing game.This game truly is amazing and I love seeing the new updates role out to give me something new to play with. You should really pick this game up if you are looking for a relaxed, single player experience."
76561198084049807,Recommended,253250,21917720,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,naseschwarz,Game is a lot of fun and devs are active and communicative. This is the dream. :)
76561198082909336,Recommended,253250,21953652,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Giraffiki,Hey its Incredbly buggy at times but overall its a gooooooooooood game.
,Recommended,253250,21910420,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Heck,This is an amazing game that while still in alpha is very big and has a lot of features. This game has bugs as it is in alpha but the are being fixed wit each update I recommend buying this game if you like town building games like banished (not as hard though)
76561198081140367,Recommended,253250,16999905,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,HowieDoit,Love everything about this game and the devs are straight grinding
76561198197327873,Recommended,253250,17003494,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Odin,"A very colorful and creative game, it is currently in early access and has a few bugs and is missing some content which is perfectly fine considering its currently still in development. My favorite part about this game are the developers, they are very active and update the game often. They even do twitch streams Tuesday-Thursday. In all this game is really fun, great concept and has massive potential, it is a safe bet to buy this game and it will bring you lots of joy."
,Recommended,253250,17070780,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tuffidy,"The game is only in the early stages of development, but it has great potential. There are some bugs, but it is currently playable (and quite enjoyable)."
76561198024458396,Recommended,253250,17103287,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,APEX,"I'd really love to see a finalized version of this. For the time being, it's still awesome to play this game.Technically, this game has almost infinite potential, due to the designing of buildings, class trees (ATM there are only 8) and some other things.Although it's still alpha, I + this game."
76561198048750326,Recommended,253250,25702557,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,LilpawstheDruid,Currently playing Early Access game and its short but fun.
,Recommended,253250,25697538,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Homiccus,"Berry nice game, I must admit. Tickles my fancy in more than one way.You will like it if you've ever played and liked:- Minecraft- Settlers- Banished- Dwarf Fortress (albeit you might find it a tad less complicated)It is a mixture of town building, resource management and roleplaying. The player is tasked with founding a new settlement with only seven settlers and limited equipment. One will have to provide means of getting resources and food and train your specialists to improve the quality of your settlers' lives and to keep your town safe from baddies that share the ground with the Hearthlings (albeit this could be turned off). If the town is doing well, it will attract new immigrants, which can be pressed into new roles. There is also an rpg-esque quest line (I believe one or two so far - more is promised), for which you will need to train and outfit a team ofadventurersmilitia.I particularly like the building system:- building templates for quick placement. Your workers will queue required components automatically;- every building can be customized to your liking and built to exact specs (ie. 'carpenter's house' template can be easily re-purposed for stonemason's workshop);- each construction is built brick-by-brick, complete with wooden scaffoldings, which are de-constructed after the job's finished;- multi-storey buildings are a thing.Clichés and subtle jokes run throughout the gameplay. Couple it with cute 3D pixel art and the result is rather refreshing.Yup,it is still in EA, it is still buggy, it is still incomplete. But nevertheless, so far, it is a lot of fun!Just don't take it too seriously."
76561198039978797,Recommended,253250,25610438,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,obviouslyalexis,It's like Minecraft x Banished x The Sims. I'm excited to see what updates they release because I'm already loving this game!
,Recommended,253250,25679440,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fenny,"Honestly? It will be the best game in its genre, toppling its many predecessors (Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria, etc.). However, it's currently lacking late game content, as well as needing a lot more FLESH to the game itself. Mechanics are pretty flawless, but it also experiences some minor progression ""obstacles"" and balance issues. I only encountered one bug, which left a permanent ""cloud"" in an area, which doesn't even bother me, signalling that this game is MOSTLY bug free. Some settlers might get trapped, and mining/tunneling needs some changes, but other than that and the lack of FLESHING OUT? Perfection.It it's current state, it's an amazing game. I played nonstop for hours, over multiple days. It's fantastic. It's an amazing game, so much so that I felt compelled to write this HONEST review.In a year, it will be even better. These guys know what they're doing.(If a dev is reading this, please add a lizard race, faster structure building, and combat magic, pls and ty. love you.)"
,Recommended,253250,25869995,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Foxnos,"It starts off a tad slow, but you get into it quickly. Great music too!"
76561198044182063,Recommended,253250,23899743,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gonzfather,"I enjoyed the aspect of building one's own society. I felt that the story peetered out after a few raids against goblins and then there wasnt much of anything to accomplish. The creation of my own buildings is difficult. I'm not sure if it is because of how I am building them or...? Admittedly, the building I was making was large but I'm not sure how to make that better either. I also ran into a glitch (which forced me to have to restart the game multiple times) where my villagers couldn't/wouldn't finish a building because I built it too close to a small edge. Over all, it looks like a very promising game. I love the RTS format of games like Age of Empires and so I would think having to contend against other towns would be pretty fun."
76561198126248239,Recommended,253250,22994546,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Tram,this game is awsome but when you get to where you have around 20 people the game stops giving you people and the game just kinda stops but ai i dont blaim them it is a early alpha by the way.
76561198253840813,Recommended,253250,23078266,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,lazyCloud,"I really like this game, I hope Chinese localisation."
,Recommended,253250,23074911,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kavalexseyr,"I just want to say how awesome these devs are. I bought this game back when it was mostly concept and bugs, and it has became something really impressive, and the developers are actually fixing the things that need fixing. My only complaint could have been the small amount of job classes implemented for so long, but I'm so glad they resisted the temptation to put all that stuff in right away. Because the ones they have added recently are great, and balanced. And it looks like they will do the same for classes added in the future.All in all, it is impressive what they have done with the game so far, and it's impressive how fast things get fixed. It's probably the only game that, when I get a bug, instead of just force-closing with task-manager, I send in a bug-report with a sense of ownership and pride. Fantastic game, fantastic devs. Looking forward to each update."
,Recommended,253250,23075213,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rhab,Fun game for alpha.  Can't wait for the developers to flush it out.
76561198205206780,Recommended,253250,23076394,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kingaff96,Good game play for a town builder
,Recommended,253250,23397844,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,M1Combat,This is really pretty cool.  Can't wait to see where it goes :).  I would love a good hands off dungeon crawl once in a while.  Quests for the combat party?  Lootable weapons and armor?  Would be sweet :).
76561198155491752,Recommended,253250,23398278,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GreenMachine,Lots of bugs but it's a fun time killer. With a little more work it'll be great.
,Recommended,253250,16434209,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jiffyracer,"Jiffyracer has come to town to Review!Overview:It is your job to create a bustling little town/village/city. You must make sure your folks have food, access to shelter, a bed, the necessities. You can create-your-own templates and build banks, supermarkets, castles, whatever your fancy. While the game is short on features at the moment, once you crack into this little gem, you'll find some fun customization.Experience:Rock meet face. Face meet middle of your sprite-body.I gaze at my fantastical creations as they're being created one block at a time. I'm impressed and amazed at how my little guys and gals go to work. I would be lying if I said I've not had my fair share of freezes, shut downs, and bugs. However, and this is a big damn however, I really actually enjoy this game. You can promote villagers to different jobs, or keep them as regular laborers. These different ""classes"" allow the player to generate new and exciting items for use within your village. Carpenters, masons, trappers, farmers, etc.; these are just a few of the jobs available to your villagers. Not every job is absolutely crucial, but it should be noted that if you want to have nice things, you should probably just give them a yob. Yes, I said yob. Because, farming. Take a minute and come back to it. Moving on, The lighting seems fairly well done as I enjoy seeing clouds and shadows dance across my creations. The sound is standard for this type of game, nothing immaculate, but neither mind-numbing either. Controls work as well as an early access city builder should, there are some chinks in the armor, but all-in-all it's acceptable as long as it's fixed in the long run.Review:As it currently stands, the gameplay is straightforward and sandbox. I enjoy this approach, but some may not. As I mentioned, the sound is basic, but not too busy. The controls are okay. I hate bugs. This is early access, I understand this is early access, hence why I'm giving the game-ending bugs a big nod. I will say that even though the bugs detract from the overall enjoyability of the title, seeing as this is early access, I am excited to see what is to come. As of the latest patch, I have been able to extend my playtime w/ this title w/out having as many faults or bugs crop up. I would give this game, in it's current state, a 7/10. I would recommend this title to friends who have patience, not controller-throwers. This is an interesting concept and I am happy to have supported Stonehearth. If you have any questions, feel free to respond.Thanks for taking the time to read my damned novella.Yobs."
76561198079526847,Recommended,253250,16308656,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GoGShogun,"That Mass Effect reference, makes this game 1000x's better!"
,Recommended,253250,16370221,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dizzejamie,Its Brilliant!!
,Recommended,253250,16372312,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tonio,"Alpha 10.5: Pros and ConsPros-Fun and addicting gameplay-Charming voxel graphics-Decent soundtrack/audio (although abitrepetitive at times)-Excellent dev team and community-Surprisingly good mod supportCons-Extremelybuggy-Quite feature lacking-Crummy performance at times (crashes, memory leaks, low fps)-Unoptimized for a lot of PCs-Hefty price tag for an early access gameAll in all, it's a great game with lots of potential.  Sure, theconstantoccasional bugs and lack of features is a bit annoying, but it's to be expected with an alpha game.  Definitely a game to keep your eye on - I'd recommend buying it if you've got $25 to spare, but otherwise you might want to wait until the price goes down and the game itself is more polished."
76561198139383480,Recommended,253250,16374965,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Theguy,"This is one of the best games i have played on steam, though it has a few bugs it is a great game that looks pretty good for it being in alpha."
76561198119618573,Recommended,253250,16398598,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Crow,"This is an awsome game tho it is new so it has alot of bugs and what-not, my least favour bug is that the game keeps randomly crashing, its got to be fix quickly because i know from alot of people are having the same problem. Im not playing Stonehearth until the next update comes out saying that there will be no more crashing. Please FIX!? Thank You!"
76561198087640270,Recommended,253250,16405190,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zortanis,First off let me say I'm really enjoying this game and can't wait for the future updates to it.  With that being said with over 44 hours of playing time the StoneHearth isn't perfect but very playable and enjoyable.  I've enjoyed the content very much and can't wait for new jobs to be added like maybe a fishing job for food or maybe some magical type classes healers ect.  Also more different types of mobs would add a very nice addition to the combat system.  Over all I recomend this game in it's current state and wait to see what's next.  You can enjoy the game in it's current state and it's very much playable.  There are bugs as it is still in Early Access but I've really enjoyed StoneHearth and hope this review helps :)
76561198160585881,Recommended,253250,16229280,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ConvinientSanta,"Ah Stonehearth, a game that I have been following since alpha two and for some reason decided to buy it now instead of before. I have seen Stonehearth as a game where you could build a house to being able to raid goblin camps, craft varius items such as a rabbit toy and more. As its still only alpha its limited but you can find pleanty of things to do.As developers Raidiant entertainment frequently update and listens to what the players want. Unlike some studios....*cough *cough Sauropod studios.The employes also have a few years of experience in the software industri so they know what theyre doing, and have shown that over and over again. As this has been the more serious part of the review here comes the funnier part.Had lots of black immigrants,made them all farmers while my white guards patroled nearby.10 out of 10 would racism again.Made my workers live in a cave.Zombies and skeletons spawned inside.Sealed it of and let everyone die.10 out 10 would communism again.Whenerver a worker class wanted to eat I sent to a defense flag.Only my promoted villegers got to eat.10 out of 10 would capitalism again.Promoted a villager to a footman.Fought plenty of battles won all of them with some other guys.He always went behind teh enemies and never took one for the team.Raiding goblins with wolves raiding my village.Demoted all footman except him.Got eaten by two wolfs and got his head smashed in by a goblin.They killed everyone in the village.Worth it.10 out of 10 would be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again."
76561198130495055,Recommended,253250,16232006,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Bayer,"This game has more potential than my future.I give this game a 7/10. I give it that because it is such an awersome game, with great ideas. But, it lacks alot of content and it crashes ALOT. I loaded up a new world and started collecting wood and it crashed, I did it again and it crashed again.I hope they fix that soon."
,Recommended,253250,16233956,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,mvsdkrocks,"I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves management games of this type. It is playable (most of the time) but there are many glitches and bugs everywhere in the game that can range from characters spazzing out to characters just flat out ignoring your orders, and even more serious ones such as game crashing and multiple error messages piling up on screen. I know that glitches are to be expected of any early access game and if you look past the glitches you can see a very fun, well-made game. So I encourage people to take interest in this game even if it is glitchy so that they may update it and fix most of its problems."
,Recommended,253250,16837454,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,☠☠☠,"This game is time consuming and fun, if you lose a villager, it hurts. they mean that much. so if your roomate comes in to complain about work... PAUSE THE GAME!!! he came in my villagers got attacked, i didnt make them defend, so they got slaughtered one by one..."
,Recommended,253250,16839276,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ImRonzo,An amazing game even tho its in alpha
,Recommended,253250,16841299,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ｓｈｏｗｌｅｎ,"This game is suprisingly great in it's current state, whilest there are some bugs (including major A.I. related bugs)it's still completely playable, its easy to learn as well! 25 dollers is a ltittle much, but to me its a good deal, whilest it is basic at the moment it is still fun, hopefully they will add some more content to it. The graphics are also nice, I expecally like the style for the characters/monsters/npcs.Edit:also there are already a few mods, 3 for the minute I took to find them, this could lead up to a big amount of mods!As a side note the game will at some point have multiplayer! That means you can build with friends, and then destory them with a army! :3"
,Recommended,253250,27591822,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyiarra Marie,"STONEHEARTH:  EARLY ACCESS GAME w/ GREAT CUSTOMER SUPPORT!!Voxel Building, Crafting, Exploring, Surviving.. all around fun time SINGLE PLAYER game...My son bought this game, showed it to me and I secretly giggled and thought; I'll never play that game... then a few weeks of watching him play... yep you guessed it... I bought the game and then I really liked it!!  That 'simple' looking game kept me busy, on my feet, alert, paying attention, building, crafting, fighting, exploring, mining, and moving upward and onward to bigger and better things.  I was addicted. Hooked almost instantly upon loading.This game does not come without its quirks, but what I can say after over 200 hours of gameplay is that I am not slowing down anytime soon.  The Community here is great, friendly, and upbeat... they listen to their peoples... they are active and upfront on a daily / weekly basis check out their YouTube channel... follow them all on Twitter, and keep up to date on Facebook... the Tube is the best spot to keep up to date weekly on new things being implemented, new designs being worked on and other peoples builds... not to mention Twitch *thumbs up there* and GitHub.EARLY ACCESS GAME: Please look up and understand the full meaning and understanding of that term before purchasing.  I can say though the developers are always working on correcting, fixing, helping, and adding new things all the time.  GOOD SUPPORT TEAM HERE!"
76561198019014468,Recommended,253250,28226930,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Tigs4,"Really love this game. Lots of fun. Highly creative and the game is a good challenge on normal mode. I havent gotten around to hard mode because im afraid it will feel too unbalanced but.My only critiques so far is the fact that the villagers dont exactly follow a ""Build order"". They follow whatever command was most recently given to them. This is nice if you need to change a few things on the fly, but it sometimes leads to buggy buildings that take 30 min of real world time to build. This happens because the villagers may be mining and doing their other tasks while also placing building blocks.Shows alot of promise and honestly since its still in Alpha, i cannot be too harsh. Really worth the buy, and i cannot wait for the future updates to come and polish this game into the diamond that i know it is."
76561198024310351,Recommended,253250,21998577,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,raldone01,"OMG the updates changed a lot! Like it! Much going on! First time i played it, errors occoured every second! I would like to be able to tame some of the enemies."
76561198021732714,Recommended,253250,28081897,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZMAN!,"This game is a lot of fun. This is a combination of Minecraft,RPG, Dwarf Castle, and RTS. I have already spent more than 24 hours on it within 4 days. Pretty addictive, I can;t wait for the full game to come out."
76561198302096073,Recommended,253250,28148602,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The_NexusNinja,Its great but theres a problem with it so i started a new world made a town 16 people max so far lots of houses and i almost got everything in it but theres one problem everytime its night well turns night Boom lags so much i had to skip the hole night it doesent lag in the day tho its kinda stranger but i think its from all the fires so maybe make it less laggy when it lags in the dark.
76561198165999134,Recommended,253250,28144137,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The_Scone_Survivor,A good little game with very active developers. Can't wait to see where it goes but even now it's a good game for the price.
,Recommended,253250,28089498,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LAZZY!,"I liked the game, the only thing missing is multiplayer :p it's way better than castle story !"
76561197994228294,Recommended,253250,28126464,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,vaahtis1,"Very good and extremely addicting game it's like mine craft from god view, want something different from strategy games? Choose Stonehearth.Keep in mind its still alfa and bugs may occur with ai sometimes, but its so much fun and a lot of stuff to do ingame."
76561198043304154,Recommended,253250,28093391,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kingkrieg,"This game, despite being in early access, got me hooked, its somewhat difficult to make a building as you would like, it needs some polishing on the custom building, and sometimes micromanaging can be a little too harsh on you.However, once you overcome the initial difficulty to manage, it becomes increasingly fun as your townsmen can keep on by themselves without your help, except that the farmers sometime are so overwhelmed with work that you will need to dedicate a rather large surplus of townsmen to produce and harvest the food without making it go to waste, producing animal feed and complex cooking meals is somewhat of a privilege and youll never get enough of them, so that may need a little tweak.a neat thing i discovered to save time and effort was to make them live like dwarves, in the bowels of a mountain, this strategy somehow fits perfectly into the game, with your halls and rooms being actually the mountain, i ended up with something quite large and complex that would resemble the mines of Moria, also easy to defend to some degree.It feels ALMOST like a completed game, it has the features needed, but it needs to go further on some areas, its clear one fo the main attractions is the building mechanics and the micromanagement, and sometimes the enemies you encounter are kind of a joke (on both senses), the lack of ability to control some villagers directly may be unappealing, specially if they re being smushed by raiders. Once all these details gets ironed out, you will have a complex, long-lasting game"
,Recommended,253250,28055655,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tarielen Freyja Veritas,"This is a game I love right now and probably because it's being actively worked on. I play for a few weeks then run out of steam after completing the campaign objectives and building up my community to fear nothing but I come back after a couple updates and start a new game with renewed enthusiasm. The only thing I could ask for is proper mod integration with the steam workshop or something. games like this need content to keep you going and I think being able to easily insttall third-party mods would greatly increase the value of the game. One other feature I beg for is a little more micro management control over the work priority for your townsfolk, I've seen other people have the same problem where they can't get a worker to go pick up a quest item across the map because they're too busy doing other things. Solid game though, lovely graphics and great to come back to and spend hours cultivating your town."
,Recommended,253250,30968647,Posted: 5 April,all,Xan,"If you love Minecraft, hate people and bases are your thing.This is the game for you"
76561198012070554,Recommended,253250,27474789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nelyville,Best game to get into if you like colony building. I'm excited for the future of this game.10/10
,Recommended,253250,30973804,Posted: 5 April,all,Mystery,"Built a city only to be destroyed by a Goblin raiding party, So ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10"
,Recommended,253250,30972275,Posted: 5 April,all,Hypocritical_Oath,"It's a 3d dwarf fortress-lite game. There's not much more to say about it. It's quite fun, the technology tree is pretty interesting, and the economy, while static, adds another neat mechanic to the game. This is definitely what's good about this game. These are the best parts.However, it's not wholely good. There are problems with it. The building template system is obtuse and workers will get confused and be unable to complete buildings quite often if not given very, very generous space. The way that special potions work, and how the Herablist works are both hard to understand, and not taught to you whatsoever.Workers also have a hivemind kind of thing, they'll all clump onto a single task instead of spreading themselves amoungst it, I understand that this may be to lessen computing power needed, but it also has some less desireable effect. For example, farmers will harvest one field at a time, which can cause you to lose crops or just simple be stuck harvesting carrots forever if you have enough of them planted. Same thing happens with mining, hauling, etc. This doesn't happen with crafters, as they'll split they're work in a more intelligent way, but you're still constrained by the queueing system.As far as enemies go, there is a point around day 20 where you get hit with a large wave of enemies, if you're not prepared then it is game over. That's not so great, but honestly it's a neat way to game over people that are trying to be as peaceful as possible, and who ignore their military.There are also serious performance issues. Every villager seems to have their own mindset and their own tasklist and their own traits, etc, etc. They perform relatively independently, outside of gathering/hauling jobs, like I noted above. This brings about performance problems though, as they probably are not wholely optimized quite yet, as this game is still in alpha, and your CPU will get a thrashing.Something in the game is also stored poorly, or at least that's my best guess. The game uses mountains of RAM after you've been playing for a few hours, like crash your computer amounts of RAM. Restarting it helps this, but it builds back up to insane RAM usage after another hour or so. It seems the further I go into the game, the faster the RAM builds up. I doubt that it's a memory leak, and I'm convinced that it's because of how the game stores it's voxels or how it stores the player-made buildings. This is a serious problem, and I doubt it'll be fixed anytime soon, as it's been around for months now.However once the game is feature complete, I'm sure the devs will devote tons of time to optimization, as they should.So, to sum up this rambling, if you like indie and alpha games, and you like Dwarf Fortress, and don't mind tehcnical problems, then this is a definite buy.If you can't stand that stuff, want a professionaly complete game, or just don't like dealing with technical issues, then it's probalby wise to take a pass on this game, but you really should check in on this game again when it's finally released, or at least in beta."
,Recommended,253250,28188215,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Memez_Meister,"Game is good, getting better with each update, a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,253250,28203413,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,sedricg,"Sedric's Indie ReviewStonehearth caught my eye the day I laid eyes on it and the progress and direction has been one I have grown very fond of.The building is simple for beginners and yet still complicated enough to keep the interest of more veteran players.The combat (at least in hard mode) can be very rewarding, goblin camps with numbers greater than your own charge against your village and coming out victorious reaps great satisfaction and lots of shinies....Combat still has room for improvement but currently (Alpha 19) it is still very enjoyable.Updates are very frequent, bug fixes, new content which to date have made the game better and better.I very much look forward to to what StoneHearth has in store.below is a small lets play video (it's also my first video ever).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brVwrwjyOMo"
76561198000562569,Recommended,253250,28204424,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,heidi,"this game is insanely good, playd over 200 hours and its just as good"
76561198041571152,Recommended,253250,28112072,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Unknown,great game. Would Recommend!
,Recommended,253250,16736402,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jeremy Corbyn,"Absolutely love this game but I'm extremely frustrated at the game bugging out constantly when I try and build a house with a roof, for me this completely ruins the game as I'm then stuck with a bugged out building which I can't remove, also your settlers usually get stuck on the roof when constructing the houses... I do really look forward to playing this game but in it's current state it is unplayable"
76561198043251792,Recommended,253250,16771400,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KoalaKhoa,"A fresh new look on games honestly. It's as if you're playing a RTS Minecraft. Obviously some bugs here and there but for now, it's fun!"
,Recommended,253250,16680810,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,N.F.C. PepeUltimate,"Stonehearth is a game of exploration and survival in a fantasy setting. Build your town, care for your hearthlings and destroy all that would stand against you."
,Recommended,253250,16772948,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[RB]Kalasas,"I have a laptop with 8 gigs of ram and an intel 4000. It runs this game perfectly.The game itself is amazing. It allows for micro management, as well more autonomous gameplay. For instance, you can build a ""premade"" building, or creat your own and design every block.Great game, play time is about 2 hours thus far."
76561198085757040,Recommended,253250,16775081,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Trodo,"a very good game so far, although it still has a few bugs here and there and the map is very small but otherwise makes the game a lot of fun"
,Recommended,253250,16775292,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Cakejaffa,"I really didn't expect this much content from an early access game. It's actually a good early access game like ksp or prison architect. There is not much of a tutorial and the UI doesn't suggest much, but once you figure out what everything does, it is great."
,Recommended,253250,16936442,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,hgsaf5,Great game!
,Recommended,253250,16937252,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,lemmegetuhhhhh,"Stonehearth is a great game and needs more recognition, but it needs work and fast. There are some problems that occur every time i start over and its not consistently the same problem, like sometimes it'll be that the hearthings wont build a house or craft when told to and sometimes they wont pick up any minerals or resources and will stay idle,  the problems can also expand to the heads of the hearthings shrinking down to their feet and floating around as if theyre midgets or levatate as if they were laying down. Although glitchy at times, its very fun and unique with every time you play. I hope I get to see a lot more content from this game and bug fixes ;), hope to see an update soon :)"
76561198184379437,Recommended,253250,16983187,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,overridegameing,Super fun game 5/5 stars...but would like to see a multiplayer added or a way of showng how to connect with your friends.
76561198037440859,Recommended,253250,16668369,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Crimson Howl,"Basicly a Minecraft city management game with less explosions... to be honest i like the feel of the game and how it runs. though still a bit buggy and needs alot of tools like a ""pre-builder"" or ""job priority"" and that said it still get a approval from me."
,Recommended,253250,17493017,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Meta,One of the most entertaining city-builder sims on Steam.
,Recommended,253250,17503955,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SmashMyKeyboard,"9.5/10Usually, I don't play games which are on early access but I have to make an exception for this one. The game is pretty solid, there is a tiny chance you get some bug unless you're playing the beta which is more buggy. You build, craft, farm, and survive attacks from the enemies. Although I want to see more classes in the game, the game is has its core built up already. I really recommend it for those people who like building towns, cities, or empires."
,Recommended,253250,26605378,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dethrone_Tyranny,"I really recommand this game, it's fun, cute and progressive.But at times can be challenging with the ongoing attacks on the harder modes.Be fully creative and do so in your own way.Things you should know before buying.This is in early acces. There are bugs.Most bugs can be fixed with console commandsE.x building not finishing use IBEtc you can find guides on this.-There is a roadmap and you can view their progress. I recommend it.I highly recommend it."
76561198180951711,Recommended,253250,30909162,Posted: 2 April,all,famemastherx,"still waiting for them to fix some(many) bugs, but i will say its on the right track and the game is fun.but i hope they can find a way to to expade the story and make the skill do as it should."
,Recommended,253250,26577885,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Meme Smith,"Even when it points out it is alpha and missing things I still find myself enthrawled by gameplay alike to others like the Kefling games from Xbox. Simply put you control settlers and try to compel them through indirect management. If you've played dwarf fortress this is almost exactly like that.All in all even how it is, I'd say a definate buy."
76561198165175548,Recommended,253250,26625628,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SpartanAmbassador,"I was hessitant at first with this game, but my doubts were proved wrong very quick. For an early access game, this provides hours of fun, with few issues. I will say that the bulding mechanics could use some work, for designing and actually bulding what you design can be a pain. Besides that, as long as they update bug fixes and maybe add some more dungeon like adverntures to loot from, this game is a rockstar. Has a minecraft feel, but from a managerial perspective, so you make everyone else do the work, but you get to decide who does what in your village. Definitly reccomend!"
76561198215435887,Recommended,253250,26638730,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,(名誉の正義)Anikilator289,"Bro i like this game but it just needs some other things like more capacity of town items, more villagers or hearthlings and a diversity on jobs u know more king of jobs if u do this 3 things the games is done, only this 3 things.ps:Still good game(Love it)."
,Recommended,253250,26692766,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Yagtosan,Lots of treesand mosters and craftingBut i maid a decent house so 10/10 would buy agian
,Recommended,253250,26689797,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,King Greeley,"So i wrote a review on this game back in Alpha 8 telling people to avoid until it gets more content.It is now at Alpha 19 and it has improved A HELL OF A LOT.It's a great game with about 10-20 hours of play time in one zone (on normal difficulty). Its got a good balance of challenging and chill out time. You have plenty of time to build your stuff when you're not getting attacked.The only issues i have with this game is:Cannot stop harthlings from going to a certain point if they need to pick something up. I once had a hearthing run off in the middle of nowhere, get attacked by a golin camp and then hearthlings individually went and tried to pick up the stuff they dropped which ended up killing a heathling a day.I still think the price is a bit too steep for the current state of it. I'd say its about £9-£12.The playability value is good, for me. But i can easily see how people will get bored easily with it as there isn't that much content still.The main goblin campaign is fun but very short, and once complete, you're pretty much finished and feels pointless continuing with that world.Building is still pretty clunky and awkward, don't expect to be able to ""quickly build a house"" becauase it takes time. And i'm not talking about the hearthlings taking time to build, i'm on about trying to design your own one.I feel like there should be a feature where it shows you how monsters could get into your base. As i was playing a map once, building something on the side. And i came back and 3 wolves were in by base, killing a few workers because there was an single rock that allowed them to get up onto the platform all the way at the back of a mountain.Overall: I think this game is worth a buy but only when its on sale. I wouldn't recommend spending the £18.99 on it just yet (sorry dev's, i know you need the income but if you put it down a bit, it might feel a bit more justifiable)"
76561198077705258,Recommended,253250,26691327,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fade,"The game is over all good, and it have a nice and engaging gameplay witch is not that normal for a building style  game like this one.Considering that the game is in alpha as of this moment you are going to run into a few bugs, but the bugs are not game breaking.Though the game needs a few tweaks here and there some examples are:Placing multiple items of the same type, and/or and easier way to manage multiple storage crates.Over all I do think that if you enjoy building games this game is a good buy to occupy your time."
76561198230887808,Recommended,253250,26703448,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,quellist,"It's not a complete game yet, but it's playable and a great deal of fun. There's a lot of satisfaction in building a thriving community and keeping it running smoothly in the face of golems, orcs, lizards and the odd wandering necromancer. Every update it gets a little better and a little less buggy.Well worth a try."
76561198093027802,Recommended,253250,26732955,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Rodent Warlord of Poland,Your own little ant farm.
,Recommended,253250,26718518,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hentai!,While in a early access the game is laggy when you get more than 15 people. Still the game is in early access. ITS PRETTY FUN.
,Recommended,253250,27159929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MegamiHestia,"This game has endless potential, and has come a long way since early alpha versions. Definitely worth investing. At least put  it in the wish list so you can get it when there is a sale."
,Recommended,253250,27124080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Endermate3000,it a good if like to make your town
76561198013977291,Recommended,253250,27241996,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,It's a lovely city-building/sim game11/10 Bunny statues
76561198095640504,Recommended,253250,24008915,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Moorack,"love the game so far. the building mechanics are a little unforgiving at the moment if you want to change anything. i found this normally made the builders confused and would never finish the buildings, leaving them half done or not at all. sadly you cant even delete the buidling layout and try again.. its just permantly stuck and unable to be finished. till then ill just wait patiently for updates. tutorials would also be wondeful to have for starting out!"
76561198059944403,Recommended,253250,24022985,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Flypowa,"good gamebut i dont know what happen in my game, i got MASSIVE LAGGS from one to the other secound (lua 80%)and it dont stops =(restarting and put grafik settings on the lowest options dont help and i dont have run something in the background.Can i do something to fix this???"
76561198135474583,Recommended,253250,24014274,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Find真心,"i have to say it's an amazing game, although it's not that perfect yet, if you want to try this game, you can wait for beta test.TOO MANY BUGS! but i believe the game developer will fix them and save this game."
,Recommended,253250,24143327,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Not A Killer,Although it has some major bug to fix it is still a very fun game !
,Recommended,253250,23812065,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ImDaBanana,"I really do recommend this game, which i would have never said when i bought it. If had decided to play it again for a while to unlock the tradig cards, but it is much more engaging now. I don't know what has improved (i almost fully forgot about it), or if i have changed, but i'm sure at least something has improved. For its alpha state, i recommend it, although i would have probably not done that in a full released game due to bugs.7/10 - Me"
,Recommended,253250,29682558,Posted: 3 February,all,-Dresden-,"Very good fantasy city builder and I'm a bit addicted to it right now. It's surprisingly functional for an alpha and has only minor bugs as of this writing. Buy it if you want to support it, otherwise, you might want to wait for the beta stage."
,Recommended,253250,29704538,Posted: 4 February,all,CHero,"StoneHearth is a very addictive game that is time consuming but very fun, i would reccomend to anyone who has a good PC just to see the beutiful graphics of the game 10/10 for me!"
76561198047985478,Recommended,253250,29687392,Posted: 4 February,all,Akkisadael1,"Easy to pick up, ver hard to put down. Minimal story, but it heightens the creative aspect. Story in future DLC, I hope so!"
76561198305384291,Recommended,253250,29704211,Posted: 4 February,all,STYXGAMER,"As of the time of this writing, I've logged 23 hours onto this game. Basically, you're with a group of people who can go to two different places (Desert, and forest) to build up a town, which can turn into a large kingdom.The people are called Hearthlings. My first game was a group of people in the forest. 4 people died, but afte a while I got the hang of it. Then, I had another town that wasn't on peaceful mode. My people were killed by goblins, so I started ANOTHER town. After I got bored with that town, I started another one in the desert.You can promote your Hearthlings to different classes, and you get one daily, depending on the status of your town. (If they have enough money, food, and good morale)It's really fun and addictive. I really reccomend it."
76561198088007902,Recommended,253250,29898464,Posted: 13 February,all,thomasvontom,"A game well on it's way. They only real problem I have is the worker stop issue Sometimes your heartlings just stop working on a build. No matter what you do they will never finish it. You can only delete it and start again and hope they finish it. Genearlly this works and you get the resorces back so that helps. I have been able to play many hours in with out the issue coming up.Aside from that, the interface is good not perfect when it comes to tunnel building. The game is stable, it has never crashed on me. Their is a wide varity of objects to place. The three difficulty modes give you the balance you want. The multi player is not there yet, but is supposed to be on it's way some day.It's a good game, though till they get the worker stoping issue nailed down it can be a bit hard to really get into it. I would say pick it up now and you will enjoy it, if you don't mind restarting builds from time to time."
,Recommended,253250,29882954,Posted: 12 February,all,Gilly,"I really like this game but I keep running into a few problems, especially with buildings.Fore example, Hearthlings not finishing a building, Designing a building then pieces are missing when it's complete, not being able to place anything while tring to create a building, undo button in building creator undoing things in the wrong order among other problems.One thing that needs to be implomented is being able to edit a building after it's completed.Though I've said this I still recommend this game because it's fun and hopefully bugs will be ironed out through early access. Depends on how much you feel you can trust the developers."
,Recommended,253250,29883780,Posted: 12 February,all,Wizz,"Amazing Game, so addicting =) Can't wait for the future updates :)"
76561198124623645,Recommended,253250,29886090,Posted: 12 February,all,fialflaspo,Stonehearth is going to get somewhere.Pros:Lots of things to do.Make your own 8-bit houses.Exciting combat.Cons:I... no.. i can't say.. its too sad...keep scrolling if you want to see that desperately....My awsome village save was corrupted. ;c
76561198018554611,Not Recommended,253250,29769773,Posted: 7 February,all,Morris,"I read the reviews but I kept hope once I realized i could mine AND build multiple stories and bought the game, Not worth 25 dollars :( tons of potential again this isnt even released. Would recomend for a 12 year old wanting to be an architect currently but this just wasnt what i was expecting... the reviews for this are too unrealistic for the amount of ""fun"" i got out of this.. Of course then again, i like rimworld where it's a bit more ""gory"""
,Recommended,253250,29753576,Posted: 6 February,all,Haroflolpter,"+Very enjoyable to be able to design buildings and then watch your Hearthlings build it.+The different classes make the game very interesting as well.+The developers are really open with the community, which, for me, made me feel comfortable in buying a game while it's in early access.+ Every update brings something new and exciting mechanics, not just aesthetics.+ Updates are backwards compatible with older saves- Limited character customization- Limited building customization"
,Recommended,253250,29750546,Posted: 6 February,all,Big Brother,This game is absolutely adorable. The cutesie graphics and class system really sell it. I can't wait to see endless maps and unlimited hearthlings to spread my empire to infinity and beyond!
76561198073173545,Recommended,253250,29669993,Posted: 3 February,all,NagaRunner,"Gonna be my first review, This game is a must have for those who like sandbox building games and city building/management games. Though still in early access the game by now is actually pretty stable and hours just fly by when playing. Not much of a learning curve and I always find my self coming back to play in between playing bigger games"
,Recommended,253250,29681893,Posted: 3 February,all,PapyrSatyr,"Overall a charming fun little game that's great for relaxing, especially on peaceful mode!Early acess means it's a little shallow in terms of things you can do and it's still a bit buggy but it's nothing extreme and the devs are pouring time and love into this game.I might come back to this and make a more in-depth review but overall worth the purchase, though I personally would wait for a sale"
,Recommended,253250,29638137,Posted: 1 February,all,piercethesky,"Stonehearth is a happy little game you can play for hours, some varity to enemies would be nice and maybe some UI improvements, but honestly its pretty damn fun how it is."
76561198095451300,Recommended,253250,29645521,Posted: 2 February,all,SilencedHero,I like this game alot. With that said its one of the buggiest games I have ever played in my life. In the first ten minutes of playing you WILL run into a bug that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.
76561198127653958,Recommended,253250,31019737,Posted: 8 April,all,baz,"Nice game. Please, make build for Mac OS."
76561198151026922,Recommended,253250,29640391,Posted: 1 February,all,††St.Alexander††,"I'm so happy I found this game.StoneHearth is the perfect mix of Real Time Strategy, Sandbox and city management. You can edit the entire map however you want to with your little People, and you can build any kind of house that you can imagine.You have to make sure you have enough food and a strong enough military to survive! You gotta assign jobs to people that come into your town if you meet the standards each morning.I know you're getting minecraft vibes, but this game is fun in its own unique way. I can't wait for future updates.I think It's worth the price."
76561198089358050,Recommended,253250,29637301,Posted: 1 February,all,Rousingloki,"Haven't played the game in a while, nor have I played it very much, but I will say the community, and the developers of this game are fantastic, the developers are on top of everything, listening to the community very well, and responing accordingly. The updates are frequent, they're actually helpful, and it is enjoying to watch the development of this game as it grows. I remember when it took me only a few hours to max out my village, and now it's swarming with different enemies, the Hearthings are more cherishable, and the game runs SO much smoother. Keep it up devs, you're a great example of how Steam Greenlight can work."
,Recommended,253250,29610333,Posted: 31 January,all,The Adultman,If you loved kingdom of keiflings for xbox360. You will love this game
,Recommended,253250,29596487,Posted: 30 January,all,Ur waifu is shet,"Awsome game-Love the graphics-Cute characters-love the combat *Feels like an RPG game*But...-It gets old for while, just fight some enemys and build/surviveHowever, its in beta, so for a beta game, its fun as ♥♥♥♥Try adding some dungon quest for some kind of event would be pretty coolIsland maps are recommended as well"
76561198007848054,Recommended,253250,28832460,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Seyaku-Brad,"Amazing game. great if you need a couple of hours to kill, easy enough at the start but with the AI oppenents it can still be challenging enough later on."
76561198079016131,Recommended,253250,28834543,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cool Man,"Sometimes, peoples head would be under their body, so minor glitches, but very fun and enjoyable."
76561198083610833,Recommended,253250,28813510,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[SSG]SerTimko,"Its a great game for early access, there are the bugs but nothing that is game breaking. To me its worth the money I paid for it and I can't wait for the updates to come."
76561197977400499,Recommended,253250,18099208,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,LeeHarveyOswald |LMC| (Pschwomp),"It's solid fun.What to expect:-Little Village game-Feel like mincraft-command little villagers to farm, take on jobs, be soldiers, craftsmen, etc.-battle other villages, encounter them, encounter goblin villages, pay tithe or go to war? Engage in a little bit of diplomacy-engage in tradingOverall relaxing, fun, enjoyable. I think it has the right balance between warfare, crafting, diplomacy, customization of buildings objects. This is a game that's not meant to be played, it's meant to be experienced for its warmth and fun. Grab tea or hot cocoa, dim the lights, kick off your shoes and relax. That's what this game is best at."
,Recommended,253250,28380500,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Nelis300,"Great game!teh fact that it's sort of an strategy game but with things like designing your own buildings makes this game awesome! This combined with the relaxing background music,textures and gameplay makes this game perfect for some relaxed lay back gaming.I like it XD!"
,Recommended,253250,19797282,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,PlantedPine,"This game is pretty much your average city builder set in a fantasy worl with lots of micromanagment, but so far its full of lots of content and the devolopers keep working on it and they're doing pretty good recommend this game to anyone who is into city building and architecture"
18023843275739298,Recommended,253250,28796654,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheDragonGamer222,This game really blew me away with the graphics and gameplay. Stonehearth is one of those games were you keep saying five more minutes until it turns into a hour. I would reccomend this game to people who like games like Trove or Sims.
76561198053704013,Recommended,253250,28807145,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TotallyRadish,"Impressive for an early game, with dedicated developers looking to fix bugs, add more features and offer modding support.You can squeeze about 20 hours out of this game, replayability is a key element this genre of game (timewasters) needs to offer in good execution, in this case this has not been mastered YET, but I believe it will be soon."
76561198030809355,Recommended,253250,28883547,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Todencognito,"9 hours so far and I am really enjoying it. I am getting that ""just one more turn (day in this game)"" feeling I get with the Civ series (have 2830 hours so far).Really enjoying how you are rewarded with another worker when you get thngs on track. How much farming, vs defense, vs mining, vs cutting trees, selling ets all matter and need to be balanced....so much to do and so enjoyable doing it all.21 hours so far, whispers from the shadows on goblin activity....villages raided....forests cleared...miners hit a good vein of ore...strong weapons, strong armor....those goblins grow in numbers...will we finish the walls in time?38.4 hours so far, there is 20 of us in this outpost. So far we have managed to survive. those goblins still insist on raiding and dieing, keeps the troops happy. The walls are holding, every now and then something elso knocks on the doors. so far no worries. The settlers and traders seem to be content. Gotta keep watch, as soon as you don't.....that's then it gets you."
,Recommended,253250,29231324,Posted: 13 January,all,fredettelewis,I love the game it is easy to learn and can make someone lose track of time
76561198074701001,Recommended,253250,25166997,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Noremac_,Stone hearth is a good but glitchy game. Its two survival selections (desert and forest) are actually very differnt experiences and not just the same game with a differnt coat of paint. The only thing i have to complain about is how easy it is to burrow underground and create underground cities. But besides that. This game is good. BUT. It ahs a crippling construction bug were its impossible to complete structures. Thats why i have to give this game a 8/10. Its a above average town building game with a great art style.
,Recommended,253250,29245739,Posted: 14 January,all,toniatonie,At the beginning I was unsure about this game.But after a few hours i got really into it!I love this game and I can't wait for the next updates :)
76561198143476358,Recommended,253250,31058413,Posted: 10 April,all,BIopticRat2,"Can you please make this for mac? I really want this game, the only device I can run this on is the mac. If I use my other laptop, it runs like cow crap."
76561198128764525,Recommended,253250,29196123,Posted: 11 January,all,Mycopher,"Very well made and cute game.  Bugs here and there are a bit nagging but thats what happens with pre-releases.  If your on the fence on buying it, Know you are going in for a solid buy.  A game anyone would enjoy.  Support these guys for the quality work."
76561198264642937,Recommended,253250,31001855,Posted: 7 April,all,pokemonmasterjal,"Pros:Pretty stable for an alpha, at least in the early game.I have lots of hours on this game, and still haven't done everything.An alpha build, so it can (hopefully) only go up from here!Generally fun gameplayGreat alpha 21 updateCons:An alpha build for 5 yearsNo multiplayerOccasional bug or glitchNeed an amazing custom build to run towards the later game."
76561198023886084,Recommended,253250,29327723,Posted: 17 January,all,MR.MOOSTASH,"This game is cool and like legos or minecraft it brings creativity to a open world of your choosing and its RPG""role playing game"" elements for your people. There are some bugs, but its to be expected in a game like this so reporting bugs that break the game or bug you like your people don't build a door for a house and you have to scrap it to fix it. All around I give this game a thumbs up its fun creative and for the most part it makes a burtal day calm and relaxing(but this is just me and my opinion) so for those of you who buy or gift this game have fun."
76561198024049516,Recommended,253250,29326148,Posted: 17 January,all,PKJASONKENNA,Good Simple Rim Colony minecraft based game. Its early access but i expect more content/updates will make this game worth 25$. although kinda expensive for what it has now.
76561198352223237,Recommended,253250,29316693,Posted: 17 January,all,xamuelluiss,"The game is in Alpha, so there are a lot of bugs like workers going idle forever for no good reason.However, Stonehearth is so damn fun and addicting! I can't wait for future updates and the finalization of the game.One thing I do have to say tho is that it's very demanding in the graphics department.Hopefully they don't pull a Towns on us. xx"
76561198125828439,Recommended,253250,29371810,Posted: 20 January,all,bradleytyas4,first time game reveiw. but really love this game could easily see myself spending 100+ hours on this gem! still in development and needs work with the bugs and other little things. needs more building options and defences like castle buildings and walls. but all in all i love this game as it is and am egar to see this develop. 7/10 as it is right now. great job!
76561198149203782,Recommended,253250,29364083,Posted: 19 January,all,Girth14,"This game is very fun if you want something similar to minecraft but different in many unique ways. There is a neat system of jobs that you can assign to your hearthlings that is different from games I have played before. Also the creator that can be used to make buildings, or whatever you want is really nice. It is still in alpha and there are bugs, but for me it is still an extremely fun game."
76561198025625270,Recommended,253250,25264031,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,xterminal86,"I wish developers will continue working on this. The game is definitely playable right now, but there are some minor and not so minor problems:- After you expand your base and have more than 12 or so villagers, the game starts to introduce delays between updates. I have good computer, so most likely it has something to do with optimizations.- It seems you can't remove blueprint of your custom designed building.- Sometimes workers don't mine designated individual blocks.- When you assign area for mining, workers can mine it out and get themselves trapped in the pit they dug. It would be nice if they could mine the terrain in a way that they won't get stuck like that (or have another villager come and build them a ladder or something).From the gameplay point of view it would be nice to have some sort of campaign like in Majesty and some more features would be great (more buildings, jobs etc.)EDIT: Actually, believe it or not, this game is kinda like Dwarf Fortress lite. Choosing your starting region, 7 starting units, zones, stockpiles, jobs... Quite a lot of similarities."
,Recommended,253250,28655861,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MegaRad,It's lego Rock Raiders + the Sims in a medieval setting. pretty good/10
,Recommended,253250,28656287,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,will.trusty,"Hey there. Believe this may be my first review. Well what to say, I was worried about this being a prerelease game, but my worries were unfounded. There is plenty to do and it is a lot of fun. A tutorial would be nice. It's taken me a bit to figure things out... but I'm progressing. Very minecraft like in it's design and look so if you like minecraft you'll love this.If the developers are reading this keep up the great work can't wait for more content. One thing I'd like to see is stuff getting picked up more by the little guys. I also liked the assign beds idea."
76561198037792793,Recommended,253250,28614074,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"The interface can be frustrating to deal with at times, but if you're willing to put up with it, you can be very creative with the design of your colony. Be warned that raids ramp up fast, so you want to keep your defenses tight."
76561198042597693,Recommended,253250,28658135,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,KillaKan,"Wonderful and creative game, looking forward to new improvements. Only a few big issues, the worst of which being when i reach a village of around 15 people the framerate drops horrendously  (i have a brand new dell inspiron with an Nvidea GC so its not my laptops fault)  causing progression to be slow. Turned off all shadows to see if it would help, it didnt. The game was great up until that point which is why i'm still recommending everyone to give it a try!"
76561198025382837,Recommended,253250,27532255,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hurleyinoz,Sat in the library for ages before i finally played it. Great fun. Just needs a bit more depth.
76561197970759377,Recommended,253250,27563081,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lettieri40,"Been playing for some time, and every month after check in, I am pleased with the progress. Great Builder/Crafter, with constant improvements."
76561198115563653,Recommended,253250,27911225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Feelgooden,"This is a fanstastic and fanominal game. If youlove being creative and enginuitive this game is defiantily for you. This game has a great oppurtunity for much potential and would recomend it to anyone who likes building and adventure. The only thing wron with this game is that in building sometimes your characters will bug out and stop doing said task. However, it is in the alpha stage and many bugs are being worked out. Other than that this is a great game!"
76561197970901534,Recommended,253250,27916269,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaezin,"I'm the type of player that enjoys challenges, so my opinions are based off of treating Stonehearth as a survival game rather than a creative town-builder.If you enjoyed or were interested in games like Banished, Gnomoria, or Dwarf Fortress, then I highly suggest giving this game a shot.  It feels very similar to those games, but it has a much cleaner UI without sacrificing too much in terms of depth.  While the game isn't nearly as complicated as Dwarf Fortress (or even banished), there's still enough going on to keep you interested.Pros:Every decision you make has a consequence.For example, you have a limited number of workers available (at the beginning, at least), and you need to use them wisely.  At first I prioritized getting my economy up and going over having defenses (since I would convert the crafters into fighters whenever there was a threat), but that meant my fighters didn't gain levels very quickly.  As a result I couldn't use that sweet bronze platemail I made because no one was high enough level to use it.Another example: I decided to settle in a sweet defensive position, but I neglected to look for flax plants.  As a result I couldn't make any beginner armor for anyone and the rest of my economy started stalling.Free-form building crafting is fun and functional.  One of the stats used to determine whether or not you get a new villager is your village's value.  Placing things like windows, chairs, tables, etc. will increase the value of your village in addition to actually looking like a real village.  You can sculpt whatever you want without having to worry about whether you're doing things optimally.  Even things like nicer/expensive beds will improve the morale of your people, so it's in your best interest to do it.The UI is extremely clean compared to most base-building games that I've played.  There's no tutorial, either -- there's in-game help that detects if you're playing your first game, and that will guide you through the various aspects of the game.The soundtrack is very well done.Cons:I'd like to see more content added, but that's to be expected of an alpha.  I'd love to see more classes added.There's some bugs.  Nothing that has been game-breaking for me (although not being able to finish one of my buildings was frustrating).  Again, I'd expect that from an alpha.Other:* Art style.  I personally like the art style; it's cartoony enough to give the characters a unique style without going overboard on silly graphics.  I could see someone not liking the style, but whether or not you like the style should be easy to decide by looking at the demo screenshots."
76561198053027953,Recommended,253250,23467815,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Scanmo,"great game cant wait for multiplayer, so much you can do,"
,Recommended,253250,27808737,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sanktaii_SWE,Waiting for Villagers to end the building - simulator.
,Recommended,253250,27488739,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hellfire,"Let me start by both admitting and accepting that this is still, despite what you might thing, VERY early access. There are still a number of glitches, bugs, performance problems (my current city is 100% fine, but 100% unplayable) and gameplay ""issues"" present. If your notion of ""early access"" is a nearly-done game that just needs polish, do not buy Stonehearth.Yet.The Hearthling management/tech tree process is simple and easy to navigate. However, it may betoosimple. The system itself is functional but could stand to be refined and built up. The interface presently doesn't do a very good job telling you about the nuances of your Hearthlings so you can make good decisions about their future. It also doesn't feel like some of the advanced professions result in a better unit equivalent with the time expense. It would be interesting to see individuals able to combine traits of all the professions they've held in some way so that a unit you've invested a significant amount of time into evolves into a certified badass.One of the major features of the game is the build system. I am, honestly, 50-50 on the system. When listing the glitches in the current release, both major and minor, many are directly related to buildings. It would be nice to see some of the things presently locked away in the structure building menu released into the ad-hoc placement mode. Roads being a big one.I started by stating that you should not buy Stonehearth if you are averse to a truly alpha product - yet. The yet part is the key. If you enjoy world-builder games like Gnomoria, RimWorld, Terraria, Starbound, et al, you will almost certainly enjoy Stonehearth. In fact, I am fairly troubled when I am forced to abandon a colony due to unrecoverable glitch, bug or performance issue. I've sunk a number of hours into the game and I am frustrated and annoyed when I can't continue.I am looking forward to more progress being made throughout the coming year."
76561198008318264,Recommended,253250,27508357,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,General von Sebastian (DK),"Still a lot of bugs at this point, but it is still a great game. The concept is great and it is very relaxing and fulfilling to see your city slowly grow. Highly recommended, but remember to save a lot. I had a lot of fun with it."
76561198153099416,Recommended,253250,27602239,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wolf king mw,this game is fun work on a city and more
,Recommended,253250,27772809,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Egg,"Hey, its pretty good"
,Recommended,253250,27804354,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solix,This game satisfy my favorite pastime.. just giving out commands and watch others do the work
76561198000712132,Recommended,253250,27747374,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord's Gamer,"Have put numerous hours into this game, and have been playing since early in development. Love the direction it is going, and am looking forward to all the things that they add to the game, cannot wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,253250,27831780,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dfy,Pixel rule!
76561198210064599,Recommended,253250,27836493,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,weirdz33,Best growing community!
,Recommended,253250,29663264,Posted: 2 February,all,mraz,"Yes, its relaxing and cute but i highly recommanded to buy it when it is on sale."
76561198188654565,Recommended,253250,29281020,Posted: 15 January,all,WapperDude,"Great game, only problem i found was my own human error;p"
,Recommended,253250,29781366,Posted: 8 February,all,BucketHelm,"Stonehearth is a great game that has amazing graphics and mechanics even though it's still in alpha. I have been playing this game since alpha 13, and I have about 30 hours on record, and I can definately say this is my favorite city builder game I seen so far."
,Recommended,253250,29789986,Posted: 8 February,all,BlueFez,"I find the game is quite fun but the enemies, at least I feel, can be very overwellming in terms of their health as Ive had 4 heathlings with spears and an artcher Vs a troll thing and then the same Vs an orc and again all my heathlings died. Also wolves Vs heathlings same senario. Non military heathlings should be able to defend themselves other wise when your military is injured you heathlings just sit their and get eaten alive by the enemies. Not trying to hate just giving feed back.With love,Bluefuzzman :)"
76561198095376539,Recommended,253250,29788467,Posted: 8 February,all,RainbowSquid,stonehearth is one of the best city-builders i have ever played. one of the most unique play styles along with the voxel graphics makes for a fun experience. thus being in alpha 20 there are quite a few bugs and glitches. there is an active dev team and a supportive one too. all around a great game with immense potential
76561198064569394,Recommended,253250,29791855,Posted: 8 February,all,Decton,Simple concept. Fairly laid back and relaxing
76561198091329453,Recommended,253250,29764655,Posted: 7 February,all,Yamon,"I totally fell in love with this game! :)Aside of the cute graphics style this game reminded me to Dwarf Fortress.Loved to play some hours of Dwarf Fortress too, but my brain isn't big enough for that game.So, I was happy that Stonehearth got some things of DF, but isn't as complex.It's still a game, that lives from the variety of things, that can happen ""randomly"" and I love that.It's still Alpha 20 at the moment, but it's surely worth playing it. :)Graphics performance isn't the best on my system, but I think things like this will be fixed during development.I'm happy with the game and will recommend this game to anyone who like games like DF, Gnomora, Minecraft, Cube World or some other games. :)"
,Recommended,253250,29628902,Posted: 1 February,all,Snickerman,"Highly recommended! Well, if you're into town building games it is. Otherwise, I recommend you at least check it out yourself!I love this game. Sure, it's a bit difficult to get the hang of at first (especially if you DON'T do the tutorial), but once you get going, the game will run itself fairly decently with or without you. Just...keep an eye open for invading monsters. I haven't gone in far enough to check out some of the later game features though, so expect an updated review later, and remember, THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME. We will all find bugs and oddities with the game here and there."
,Recommended,253250,29616450,Posted: 31 January,all,Shadevar,"Starting to get some good content going, and it has its own unique flavor that makes it feel new and appealing. Some of the ui elements feel incomplete however, and doing certain actions requres some wierd work-arounds. Overall I've enjoyed it and would reccomend, as it keeps getting more content as well."
76561198068464385,Recommended,253250,29494707,Posted: 25 January,all,Dazz Bot,"My first review ever :)I've had this game about a week and clocked in a fair few hours.I play strictly on hard mode as for me this is the most fun combat wise and makes it feel like more of an achievement when you get that next big structure up in your town!I started on alpha 19 and at the time just one heathliing dying was enough to  cause a reload or even a restart!Things in 20 are a heck of a lot easier now that you can rescue downed hearthlings. Maybe too easy if i am honest.With a little bit of creativity you can build the most amazing structures, From epic tree top towns to Camelot sized castles.Little touches make this game great such as naming your hearthlings (i.e naming your carpenter Avana GetWood).Would I recommend buying? Definitely it's got serious playability and room to grow in to some thing epic.Some cons -Game gets cloggy when you have too many villages (30+)End game could be harder (it's not particularly easy though!)"
76561198085412536,Recommended,253250,29579926,Posted: 29 January,all,Dying2sr5,This is one of the better games i've played in a very long time. I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing the game and wasn't disappointed. Just buy it and thank me later.
,Recommended,253250,29577990,Posted: 29 January,all,scorpiogamer26,Very fun to me.
76561198068208518,Recommended,253250,28681651,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Paul Plasmus,Really interesting idea! Already a solid amount of content and the game isn't even done yet--definitely adds a new twist on city builders like banished. Adding RPG and combat elements helps make the game feel more fleshed out and adds depth.Can't wait to see what its like when they finish.
76561198044789761,Recommended,253250,31055343,Posted: 10 April,all,SystemsNominal,"Great game, worth every penny. Not too fast paced and a fun town builder that keeps things exciting with random enemy encounters. I have to say it can get slightly dry if your really into the combat aspect of the game, but that's not really what you would be buying if you got this game. I give it a 9/10, but I can see that with further development, this will be a gem in any gamers collection, and one of the best in it's genre."
76561198295510215,Recommended,253250,31061007,Posted: 10 April,all,Gumigert,"stonehearth is overall, a very nice game, but at some points there is just needing something. for an example: the custom building system is really really bad, and its hard to build anything nice, without it says that you cant build there. also the normal mode, it is just getting too hard too fast! but then there is plusses and there is alot! the game does not need much to run clean and smooth... (and believe me i can say that with my sh*tty computer) and its actually still very nice graphics."
76561198033953049,Recommended,253250,18997244,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Noirknight,This will be simple and to the point based on my findings with this game 11/10/2015-This is for you if you likeCasual gamesEasy CombatEasy SurvivalDifficult Building Tools (I only say this because it took me a bit to find that the walls go around the foundation not on it)-This is not for you if you likeA challage ( I fell asleep for 4hrs and my people survived on there own )To make this a little shorter lets just say at this point everything from the combat to survival is easy modeI dont even know if your people require food its so easy to get-3 warriors (Wooden Sword and Shield) 2 farmersgrats you now have a stable civ ready for anything-SummaryThe hardest part of this game is getting the off the wall requirements for your next villager Its so easy at this time its borring-Ending note Steam wont let me refund because I fell asleep so im going to try to get my money out of it and try to see if I can make this game a challange will change this if I can find a way to make this challangeing11/16/2016Many updates latter it is getting to be a grate gameThey fixed-Combat aka you wont survive with a wooden sword and shield-Building is not a buggy mess no moreStill a few problems left-Sand tribe is trade based and slow but some may like it-People can still last a very long time without eating (Food OP)-Last the verry low vilager cap (20 Villagers thats not even a town thats a camp)The rest is shapeing up to me a good game but I cant change status to almost there but its a passable game now
,Not Recommended,253250,17830886,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Grana,"Edit, had to update the rewiev.Had a massive positive first impression of this game the first 10-20 hours, hence i gave it a good review at start.Now almost after 2 years, the game is still early access and at the moment seems more shallow then i took it granted for.Kudos, they've kept updating it troughtout the time fixing major performance issues (still is a big issue with performance when you reach a certain amount of mobs/villagers) and some minor new features to classes, mobs and a different type of map.No major changes in gameplay has appeared over time, its been pretty much the same from start;#1 Harvest resources#2 Build a house#3 Meet requirements for a new villager to join your town#4 Kill occasional hostile mobs attacking your town.#5 RepeatAfter 200 hours of this i got a bit bored you could say. My gameplay mostly went with building a massive town and nitpicking it to look nice and neat untill i reached the 25-30 villager ""limit"" where performance takes a dive and game goes matrix mode. It became tiresome.Dissapointing is the word to describe the game for anyone whos been with the game at start. Wishing for some new features besides a new type of chair or goblin to find in the game.I would much more prefer a better market/trade system than the game currently has andmaybe some friendly human NPC's that you could engage with in quest/trade/war.Now the only interaction you can get with a human npc is stillshots of them popping up on the screen with some dialouge, no real appearance within the game wich is poor considering the amount of different hostile mobs they've added and yet no human npcs you could engage with.Also, tough it may not mean much for you but for me as a city builder gamer i would enjoy some bigger variety in terrain, map, etc. You are only given a tiny square with either yellow/gray blocks or green/gray blocks to settle and build on. The water has no feature besides being a obstacle in the game; no fishing, boats or anything.  I find map layout/design overall to be shallow at its current stage considering how much time and oppertunities they've had to add some new changes.TLDR;Overall im just gonna say what my previous review had to say, the concept, idea and the very foundation of the game is good. Its sort of a mishmash of Warcraft, Banished and Age of Empires which i have troughoutly enjoyed, til now that is.But i cannot recommend anyone buying the game at its current stage with hopes of it adding some big changes. The developers are just getting paid now to pretty much playtest the game instead of doing their work."
,Recommended,253250,30200607,Posted: 26 February,all,jarnMod,"Cute city(village?) building game that warm your heart. This is a game that you will remember each of the villagers as you see their blocky feet walk the rough road of life inside a dense forest or a desolate desert.If you want a game that you will feel the warmth of friendship (and hopefully, family soon), this is for you.Fun point:- labor management to keep resource flowing in: Give you a feeling of progress- resource management to keep your village alive and grow: Give you a feeling of success- combat advantage by level, weapon type and terrain:  Your success mean somethingCritical point:- Bugs, some are building-breaking such as cannot remove walls- Lack of interaction: There are only 2, traders and hostile. Not much choice to choose.- Lonely at time. combine with the last point, I recommend dev to add neutral village for player to choose what to do- Cannot travel out of the map (yet)"
76561198129909821,Recommended,253250,30216283,Posted: 27 February,all,FrankTheSeal,"I love the game, even if there are some bugs. But i have a question, I've read that you want to add multiplayer, but how will it work? Will several players control one town, like if every player can control every hearthling. Or will there be multiple towns? Like everyone builds their own towns and then go to war or get allies?"
,Recommended,253250,30233561,Posted: 27 February,all,RexAsaurVexツ,"Fun game to play, thanks to Conflicted Dylan for the making me want to buy this addictive game"
,Recommended,253250,25852570,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,lnKhanoson,"Good game ,and i`m expecting for the finished edition.It`s funny to see the development of my little village.--------------------------------The good comment is for the idea.There`re so many bugs to fix...,so it might not be a wise dicision to buy it at present."
,Recommended,253250,31059548,Posted: 10 April,all,Blackout231,Very great game. Very relaxing and laid back. Basically a village building game. I know game is still in development but not being able to demolish buildings and reset your custom buidling does make things rough. I give it a 7/10
76561198083933901,Recommended,253250,24512170,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Finalfate129,"Most Recently: The game is pretty incredible at this stage and I am happy to finally recommend it to players who are creative (or want to be more creative) and are looking for something relaxing (although combat is a thing and there are 3 difficulty settings).Oldest review: Building AI is not at a state at which I can recommend the game at this time. They are working on it and I will review my review as things change.Update (now outdated) : Alpha 18 has seemed to fix almost all of the construction issues I was having. I have thus put quite a few hours in this week, but I am still hesitant to recommend the game."
76561198038930111,Not Recommended,253250,23023986,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,StalkerXs,It's nice graphic game with a lot of features but it's disappointing that there is no option to change the key bindings.This is bad news for people that have a different type of keyboard.
,Recommended,253250,28776957,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,rtjm,worked first day but wont run now tryed every thing says somthing wrong with JASON file any fixes
,Recommended,253250,29608269,Posted: 31 January,all,[RK] Nero,"Very fun game! If you play it on peaceful mode, it gets boring. Fast.  But if you play on normal or hard mode, it gets interesting... >:)"
76561198129081078,Recommended,253250,23739746,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,fFIRE332A,"This game is an amazing game. It may be amazing but I am giving it negative as afterwards about 5 minutes in the game I crash every time. When they fix this I will give it thumbs up.Edit: After a year I decided to retry the game, luckily enough they fixed the issue above. From what I have played this game is amazing and has a lot of potential. It is a good game for anyone that likes building games and is fine with a few bugs here and there."
,Recommended,253250,17309261,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Eisler485,"*Art Style* 9/10I love how they make the Low Poly look beautiful.  There are a few minor issues causing the graphics to bug out but I believe that is an issue with the Settings.  It isnt anything to snuff at though.  I dont think this game would work with any other Graphic Style.*Gameplay*  10/10You have 3 difficulties Peaceful, Normal, and Hard.  Depending on how you want to play it is your choice.  I personaly like bonding with my Village and facing hardships at the same time so I go with Normal.  But if I want to just unwind I'll choose the Peaceful Gamemode.  Hard was made to test your moxy and test your limits by hitting you hard.*Depth*  10/10Again depends on how you play.  The more of a personality you give your characters/villagers the more involved and emotionally attached you get to them.  It makes you feel like your part of the village if you get involved.  Each character has unique Characteristics and looks (unless you change their looks).  Everything in this game is customizable.*Mechanics*  7.5/10The controls work alomst perfectly, expect the camera controls which is pretty much the entire game.  Scrolling and moving the camera around the X and Z axis is difficult to get used to.  The rotation of the camera is really hard to get used to as well and I've been playing for X amount of hours now.   There is no way to adjust the Y axis of the camera you can only move it around a pinpoint on the X/Z axis of the game.  (I have an Post Note down below as well)*Re-playability*  9/10As I stated earlier there are three gamemodes and everything is costomizable.  Once you get used to one difficulty you can move to the next.  Every world is random, every Character is random, no two times when you play are every alike.The rest is up to you I highly recommend buying this game!-Game Feature Ideas-~A Option to adjust the priority you're hearths complete Jobs.  Example, Hearths think Building is more important than Mining so they would Build instead of Mine."
,Recommended,253250,31691531,Posted: 11 May,all,WeeWee,Only in Alpha and there's already tons to do. Wow.
,Recommended,253250,31714332,Posted: 12 May,all,Fineapple,The cutest frackin' City Builder game I've ever played. The story and gameplay is awesome and can be challenging or super easy.The only downfall is after a while the game gets really sluggish and if you don't have a great PC you'll have to turn down a lot of your settings once you start to grow.
76561198058263240,Recommended,253250,31719457,Posted: 13 May,all,BloodCaliber,My new favorite game!
76561198296250590,Not Recommended,253250,30667441,Posted: 22 March,all,Marmarie,"Pains me to say it, because I love(d) this game. Addictive, and the hearthlings are adorable. Problem is - it just doesn't WORK well. Laggy and buggy, with improvements coming slowly - and more complications are being added in each update rather than core things getting solved. Maybe once it is finished - if it is ever finished - it will be fantastic. And I genuinely hope for that day!Would reccomend adding to your follow list, for now."
,Recommended,253250,31794143,Posted: 16 May,all,Aren Liore,"While it does have slow development, as commented by others, the team that is working on this game make an effort to talk to the community and they do streams where they work on the game, as well as giving weekly dev updates. Yes, progress is slow, but you can tell they're working on it and personally, I think thats better than most other developers can say.As for the game itself, I find it very fun. I've spend days building a city, working with the army to make sure they are well equiped and keeping track of various crafters to ensure people are fed, buildings are being built, and tools are being crafted. I personally really enjoy the level of management this game brings and overall I think the game has a lot of charm.The bad: Many of the fights are tough and require you to give soldiers specific orders (to attack enemy archers instead of the enemy tank for example) combat is easy as long as you're paying attention, but the army will probably kill themselves if you're not. Combat gets really boring in the late game, as after you have 2 knights, 2 archers, 4 footmen, and 2 clerics, nothing ever poses a threat.This is a game you'll play for hours and hours on end and then stop for a few months and maybe come back to it later."
76561197996818205,Recommended,253250,31762759,Posted: 14 May,all,Sam Skyfire,"Chill builder games are not, on their own, anything novel or special. What sets this game apart is its developer corps. If you only give one early-access game a chance, make it this one. The team's responsiveness and ATD sets it head and shoulders above almost every other early-access project I've seen. Their only peer is Kerbal."
,Recommended,253250,31897137,Posted: 22 May,all,Detsawm,"I'll start off with the negative, for what this game is in it's current state it's not really worth the £18.99 price tag. There's still a lot of improvements to be made and additional functionality to build in.That being said, this game has a lot of potential and personally I've found it ridiculously addictive. The job system for your workers feels smooth and the combat system although almost autonomous still has enough control to be involved and requires human direction.In terms of the development, from what I've seen their team has grown a lot recently due to external backing so I'm expecting to see things progress a lot quicker now than in the past.If you're a fan of this genre, I'd recommend it even if you just buy now and play later on when it's come further."
76561198297606777,Recommended,253250,30749151,Posted: 26 March,all,TheFlashBangYouTube,This game is awsome i love it.It would be even funner if you could tame Wolfes and also get ridable Rorses.
,Recommended,253250,28659276,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ComXDude,"This game is a lot of fun. I first saw it on a Sjindie Games by Sjin (of the Yogscast), and it's come a long way since then. Even though the game is still in early access long past its promised date, I think that is helping the game. Its like chicken: If you undercook it, you're going to get salmonella. In this case, if it's underdeveloped it wouldn't be very fun, engaging, and will break very, very often (not that it doesn't already, but that can be fixed in the future).If you can work around the bugs and just wait for them to be fixed, the experience is quite enjoyable... that is until the game runs its life out at between 20 and 50 in-game days (if it lasts longer than that without your save completely dying, I applaud it). Again, that can and most likely will be fixed.The developers keep adding in new and useful patches every so often, and even drop amusing update posts letting us know they're still there. The amount of people playing and supporting the game is also great. Just enough to keep it growing, but little enough that the ""cooks don't spoil the broth"", as they say.All in all, I can't wait for the game to be fully completed, and see how it compares to it when the Sjindie Games video first came out when the game was first put into public early access. Right now it already is phenominal compared to then, and in the future I can only see growth.~~10/10 Would recommend to anyone who enjoys watching growth, both in their towns and the game itself.~~"
76561198101039258,Recommended,253250,21135282,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Highlord -TPF-,"It needs work, memory leaks being the most obvious problem later in the game, but it's still a fun and enjoyable game were military, economy and crafting meet and mingle so well. Levelling classes is pretty simple, just keep them working or crafting, but the rewards for doing so are great.The new traits also add some more depth to the game but I did spend way too long randomizing my hearthlings to get the perfect set (or close too) so I'd like a hardcore function for the Hearthling generation stage just to simply say, 'this is what you get now show us you can thrive!'There's also something immensely satisfying watching your Hearthlings just go about their business and know that every little thing they do is beneficial to the town. I love micro managment, I love ensuring the gears work together and that the end result benefits the community.I love playing as Raya's Children, their buildings are so nice and while the Ascendancy is also pretty, I just enjoy this more.The little details also count. When you zoom in on a sleeping Hearthling there's a lulluby playing and when you zoom in on a gravestone of a deceased Hearthling (R.I.P Kao Sharak, sorry I left you lying there too long) a very peaceful melody plays. It isn't sad, just nice, but it made me want Kao back and not only because he was a high level Mason.Is it qorth £18.99? I got it for £11.99 so I dunno :P I love this game though. It does crash sometimes"
76561197971823125,Recommended,253250,25004163,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Blazor117,Was alot of fun!  If they keep adding more it will be the one of the better building games I have  played.  It is still in alpha tho so I still have high hopes for it.
,Recommended,253250,31960785,Posted: 25 May,all,Plasma Boopadoop,"This is a good game to go to if you had a bad day because of how relaxing the game is. I love the music, the gameplay, and just everything about it. But it can be frustrating and stressful at times it is still the best game ever."
,Recommended,253250,16652759,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Diz,"TLDR: This game is a joy to play and the review section is full of inpatient children that want their new shiny toy now and don't feel like waiting.This game is so much fun, I love gettin on now and again just to make a new small town and try new ideas I've had that day. I wanted to write this review because I've seen so many people write things such as ""this game has been in early access for 2 years..... It will never be finished, thumbs down"" and also ""as a backer for this game I feel let down..... its still not done"". I am not here to insult the community, but rather just say a few things that I feel you should know. Games take a long time to make. It could be a year or less. Or it could be 5 years or more. This is based on the type of game and size of the team. This game might not have super life like graphics, but as a programmer myself, I can see this game has so much depth to it that I'm not surprised its taking so long. To be honest I'm not sure how long it will take to finish but iI'm guessing it wont be soon, and thats not a bad thing! Not to mention people are chastising this game for having bugs.... I dont want to be mean but thats just stupid. Early access is almost guaranteed to have bugs, the whole point of going into Early Access is to fund the game, test the game, and also get input from the community on what they want added or changed in the game. The last comment I saw that really annoyed me was this ""it's more than likely that the developers are just going to abandon this game"". Where is the proof for this? I will admit that not all updates are monumental, but the devs have been so kind and listen to the community. Good things are worth waiting for. I have faith in this game and in the dev team. Oh and if you're more of a stickler for facts rather than opinions, which is fine, go to their website or a dev twitch stream. They actually have a development roadmap. It shows what they have done, and what they plan on doing."
,Recommended,253250,32164056,Posted: 3 June,all,Archer,"Stonehearth isn't perfect, far from it, but as with all Early Access games it definately has plenty of potential. The game is incredibly buggy, slow, occassionally unresponsive and is really in dire need of improvement... But, with that said, the game is addictive, fun and unique, has great graphics and seems like it has a great community! I can't wait to see what the developers do with this game, and I can't wait to join them on their journey to make this game!"
76561198208263579,Recommended,253250,32188359,Posted: 4 June,all,Toggafreggin,"I've only played this game for 20 hours but so far i've really enjoyed it. This game has a ton of potential if it comes out wit multiplayer which is really needed. But, this game is very fun and has a lot of gameplay."
76561198164817223,Recommended,253250,32188311,Posted: 4 June,all,ITS_A1D3N,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,253250,32228816,Posted: 6 June,all,Begong,"Haven't played the game in awhile but when i did the game was really fun to play. Was pretty bare bones when I played it but from what I have seen from the dev updates and other stuff, looks like a lot more content is available. Totatlly recommend giving this game a try."
,Recommended,253250,32222659,Posted: 6 June,all,Gizrah,"Every few months, I replay this game with its latest features and keep finding myself losing a dozen+ hours in it. Each patch adds a different host of new features and tweaks, so the dev team is doing their best and it shows.Its style reminded me of Cube World and that had me sold quite quickly. The content itself is still a bit meager, but can nevertheless entertain you for quite a while. What it lacks is mid- and endgame content, but the devs have made some progress in that regard.That is also it's current downside. Once you're at the second level for your village, that's about it. You can acquire more wealth and villagers, but nothing else.Well, except designing buildings, of course. Now that's a good time sink."
76561198176882814,Recommended,253250,26171897,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bjammin,"This game is great and when you see that it is still in early access I would definitely say get it now.There are a number of bugs but the developers know about them (remember it is still in early access). If you take a look at the website you can see that they have a plan when it comes to improving the game more (performance, bug fixes, multiplayer,  etc...). Updates do come albeit a little slower than I might like. But the game is still playable and there are some bugs that can be avoided if you are careful - I refer to the custom buildings not completing."
,Recommended,253250,32246825,Posted: 7 June,all,Noel,If You like playing city building games but don't have a power pc get this game you will have fun for hours
76561198091343834,Recommended,253250,32290728,Posted: 9 June,all,Half,I love this game. But idk why i have lags. I have good PC.
76561198022445562,Recommended,253250,32398792,Posted: 13 June,all,Freakierice,"Considering I'm running this game on a 2-core potato, it works very well, is very interesting and will definitely be worth every penny :)"
76561197976604037,Recommended,253250,33629651,Posted: 18 July,all,[KG] Krateux,"This game has been in production since its kickstarter a few years back.I bought it back then and as you can tell by the number of hours i've invested into this game that i found it enjoyable however this game does come with some bugs that are being worked out.There are ways to work around the bugs (There are a lot less bugs now than 3 years ago so to the developers credit they are working on it...however it is slow)Unlike most kickstarters where the developers tend to take your money and give you a half hearted product the team working on Stonehearth have been pro-active in making the game more stable and providing a timeline of sorts when to expect additional features such as new characters and the often spoken about but highly doubtful multiplayer function....As it stands i would recommend this game however only to people who have a itch to build little cities in a fantasy world.... if not i would suggest wait.The game in its current state is enjoyable to play however like may of the reviews listed here they mention that at a certain point in the game the workers will either stop building, or stop farming or really anything of sorts,,, at this point you either save your game and walk away hoping that they eventally fix it OR start a new game ..."
76561198318065001,Recommended,253250,33795177,Posted: 25 July,all,kihap10,its a great small scale city builder
,Recommended,253250,33792017,Posted: 25 July,all,Mini Grim,Good building game.
76561197984014266,Recommended,253250,33803220,Posted: 26 July,all,Venixer,"Simple building town simulator, lets you start your own little township and society.Pros:Allows you to customize and build your own buildings from scratch.Simple instructions and tech tree that let you clearly see where to go with your citizens.Cons:No steam workshop support. Building designs should be sharable.Item limit too low, you can easily reach it when you stock up supplies or food for your citizens.3.5 / 5"
,Recommended,253250,33797243,Posted: 25 July,all,Pringles,"Fantastic game, I am so joyeous that this manage to squeeze out of greenlight before it was too late and I have optimistic expectations for the future development of this game!"
,Recommended,253250,33678810,Posted: 20 July,all,Raytings,"What’s Stonehearth?!  You mean Hearthstone? No…As the last known survivor of Radiant Entertainment, Stonehearth the village simulator has continued to be developed despite their buyout by RIOT Games and the cancellation of Rising Thunder.In Stonehearth you take the role as a master of your Hearthlings; you’ll select the jobs they hold, where they live, the kind of care they’ll receive, and more.  In some ways, you take the role as a great communist leader, but most people would put it in terms as a “god complex”.  The best way to describe the game: what if The Sims and Minecraft had a baby or in my case, adopted a cat (which by the way, you can do in Stonehearth randomly once you have a Shepard)  The objective is to make your settlement in “survival mode” more prosperous but enables the player to be creative at the same time.So this is a FULL game right?!  Tons of quality content?  Hold on there buddy…As of right now, Stonehearth is in development.  The game is available as an early access title, but it’s technically an alpha build.  There are plenty of bugs to go around like AI logic issues (make sure to report them via the game client w/ the ESC key), a lackluster of content currently available (more is planned, like a third human race, dwarves, more jobs, multiplayer, etc), and dead-end UI/clunky inventory management.   (most of the pop-ups don’t connect, causing you to sometimes skip around menus until you remember where to go).  Within 13 hours, I pretty much reached the full content of the game.Creative Artists that like to express themselves through pixel art, world building, and more will be happy to use the building design tool despite a few current bugs.  I found myself imagining all the art I’ve always wanted to create in Minecraft, but was too lazy to build block by block.  Once you finish designing your building, or placing down one of the default templates, your Hearthlings do all the building your available materials.  This tool is available in a non-creative only mode so it doesn’t feel like you’re cheating.  You can also export your designs by locating the files in the default directory, and share them with friends!(Steam\steamapps\common\Stonehearth\saved_objects\stonehearth\building_templates).Feel free to copy the following file of my Slime Pixel Art:https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3TNsi-4EBwxNTZEUjFwS2FGZmcAlso, here is a community ran website for shared building plans::http://stonehearthbuilds.heliohost.org/While the mentioned content is lacking, there is still a good all-around vibe of the game, and things to come.  Already there are 16 mostly interesting jobs a Hearthling can work, from the basic “Worker” all the way to a Farmer or Engineer (TURNIP TURRETS!)  At least 50+ placeable items, and 100+ crafting ingredients collectable with the various jobs throughout the biome you pick.  With continuous updates to the community, you can’t help but get excited for the finished product.It’s hard for me to not recommend any piece of art, which I refer to games as.  However I want to underline, this game is not finished.  Only invest in the game if you’d like to support RIOT’s other endeavours, and a generally exciting game, or if you really want to see what beautiful stuff you could create with the building planner."
,Not Recommended,253250,23448508,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,⎛⎝__ LTA__ ⎠⎞,"Let's say I have a developer team.I add one meaningless feature which I shouldn't add untill I finish my game.Oh! It brought many small bugs.Let's spend 2 months fixing it and repeat the whole thing with another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feature.I'm really good at developing!No, not really. Don't buy this game. Dev is making absolute no progress for more than 2 years.Another early access let down."
76561198160519421,Recommended,253250,33822414,Posted: 26 July,all,Dirg,This game is very fun get settlers give them jobs and watc your town grow as you make them mine farm and build buldings of your design. Of corse it does have its own issues like the fact that villagers suck and completing buldings but the devs arealways working to fix stuff like that.
,Recommended,253250,33938691,Posted: 31 July,all,casaba6789,An entertaining game especially for the price. As it is in an early access game all the content the Developers have in mind are not yet implemented. They seem to be releasing updates weekly to biweekly. I have not noticed any game breaking bugs which is a breath of fresh air as I have played many alpha/beta games and they can be very buggy after new updates. I enjoy this game thoroughly and cannot wait to see what the Devs have in store.
,Recommended,253250,33685931,Posted: 20 July,all,Anonymous,There a lot of reviews and my argument is this game is amazing because yeah it in early alpha and yeah it been in the store since 2015 and i think kickstarter since 2013 but it such a fun game seeing all your hearthing go around and build stuff and start from scratch and the developerts still love this because they still update this game and they live stream on twitch and the community is amazing
,Recommended,253250,33895220,Posted: 29 July,all,CountryKing88,"I absolutly love this game. I have had it for a long time now, not sure exactly when i first got it but, it was very early on. The game has alot to offer building, fighting, and planning. The game itself is rather simple which is nice. The Devs are always on task and adding things to further the game in development. I know that this game will just get better and better with time."
76561198123812683,Recommended,253250,33910972,Posted: 30 July,all,Gezhk,"Great game overall in my opinion. The sights and sounds are cheerful, even relaxing. Development has come a long way, HOWEVER, the only issue I've ever had with this game is one that has been prevalent for me for the 2 years it has been out now. Eventually rather late-game, specific crafters such as smiths and carpenters, decide to stop working on their queue despite having ample resources and wide open pathing to and fro the stockpiles and the workbenches. They just freeze and idle. Now, I've looked into this and tried various fixes to no avail. Doesn't change that I still enjoy playing from time to time. Looking forward to future updates, regardless of any issues. It is worth considering the purchase!"
76561198057159691,Recommended,253250,29871606,Posted: 12 February,all,Henrinator,good
,Recommended,253250,34051818,Posted: 5 August,all,Solariser,"Don't expect this game to be released, because at this rate it never will. It feels like one guy is working on this game and working to get it out of early access all by himself. We know he won't do it, he knows he won't do it, but he does it anyway.Despite that though, it's a good game, it's not worth the full price but if you can grab it on sale it's definitely worth it. You are able to build any structure you want and the hearthlings will work out how to use it and pathfind as intended. There are occasionally a few bugs with custom made structures and it can be a little fiddly as it's not always clear what the problem is, but it works fine for the most part.The map never feels too small, and whether you want to live outside or hermit inside a mountain you are able to. The difficulty stops and peaks when you get to about 14 hearthlings, so don't expect too much in the way of that. There is also little reason to actually leave your village and explore the camps that spawn, but they add some life into the game so why not have them?I also do want to mention their support is amazing. If you have a bug or issue and you post it on the forums with evidence as to how it happened, even better if you have steps to reproduce it, you'll get responses to the problem within a few days where they'll actually test it themselves and give feedback.There is quite a lot of content in the game to mess around with, and it will take a good amount of time to experience it all so it's definitely worth a shot - just don't expect it to be done anytime soon."
,Recommended,253250,34043783,Posted: 5 August,all,Scruzzer,"I was looking for a 3D Rimworld, and this comes pretty close. I feel more of an emotional attachment to dwellers in Rimworld, but this does a nice job. I've been having a great time with it so far. It's a solid colony manager/builder focused on directing individual dwellers to do jobs and advance the colony.The potential for creativity is great here, but one big drawback here is the building UI. As long as this thing has been in development, the UI should be greatly simplified and responsive. If you like precision and detail in your buildings, you can do it, but they DON'T make it easy. Walls are unneccesarily built with columns on the end which greatly complicate what should be a very, very simple task. You know how easy it is to build in the Sims? Well, the developers of Stonehearth don't. The custom UI layout makes me think they've seen the Sims, but the execution of the UI makes me think they never actually played it. Something as simple as deleting a wall doesn't even exist in Stonehearth as far as I can tell.This is sad because I just end up going with the pre-desgined buildings to save me the headache of struggling, so the colony isn't 100% built by me.Mining can also get frustrating as the AI has the ability to trap itself from time to time. Make friends with ladders and learn how to cancel a mining zone in order to save you some frustration.Despite the building woes, it's still a fun game that I would recommend to fans of the building/creating/managing genre."
76561198003219881,Recommended,253250,33985288,Posted: 2 August,all,Haniel,"Lots of simple fun for anyone that enjoys the town-builder setting. Great music and art direction, and each new game is very engaging for several hours.  For an early-access title, its extremely playable and largely bug-free.I hope to see the expansion of the ""endgame"" in the future, as once you've reached the soft 'roof' of progression (in gear/classes) there isn't much further to go at the moment, and no meaningful threat. But that's my ONLY complaint."
76561198134314086,Recommended,253250,34002733,Posted: 3 August,all,Zkysa,"Great game!BUT- If you crave MORE CONTENT, just go downloads mods. Best thing I ever did with this game :)"
,Recommended,253250,34055451,Posted: 6 August,all,^_^,"This game... got potential, the only issue I don't like is building the building <-- lel. Everything seem out of place, is not like MineCraft which is first person view. I mean I don't have the time to design my own building, even I use other player template from the Internet, but everything is not consistent and I will feel alienated.To be honest, I do recommend to get it since the developers are still consistently update and even take their time on YouTube to demo each Alpha version.If you know how to play this game, it only take like a few hours to settle most of the villager skill tree, item crafting and etc. After that, create your beautiful kingdom with your imagination and determination which I lack."
,Recommended,253250,34090156,Posted: 7 August,all,R3ALM,"A really fun game, can't wait for more updates, a buy definitly worth your $25 :D"
76561198127425163,Recommended,253250,34087055,Posted: 7 August,all,joeliskini,highly recommend if you are into town building and managment
,Recommended,253250,34102888,Posted: 8 August,all,KrasniiKot,"I so want to LOVE this game. Then I get to building and there's always some glitch. I know now, of course, that you have to build in waves. Otherwise the ladders get stuck on chairs, or what have you, and the building never finishes. My last game, the hearthlings forgot half the windows. I tried to place them afterwards but no. Okay, I'll just destroy the building and start again and then I'm stuck in an endless ""destruction cloud"" loop and have to quit, again.Instead of adding more seemingly useless personality traits (which I think are adorable), how about fixing the build mechanics? I will pay $20 more for ""Choose a building from the menu, have it built"". That has never happened. I can sometimes get my personal builds done (because I know not to put in furniture before lighting) but the buildings from the menu can't even get built? And, no, I'm not too near mountains, I'm on absolutely flat land with no hindrances.I want to LOVE you, Stonehearth. Instead, I ragequit every time I play you. But I keep coming back. I can't quit you, jerk."
76561198281475799,Recommended,253250,34392098,Posted: 21 August,all,NB-Karasu,Too many bugs. Now still beta version. UI always bug. But i still like this game.
,Recommended,253250,34242326,Posted: 14 August,all,LokiMimicChildOfChaos,"i really enjoy this game and as it is still in beta i recognise there will still be some issues but there is an issue i would like to address as its very irritating, when I try to make a child of raya a blacksmith the game closes down without saving the progress and it has done it more than one which is really annoying.It is stopping my town from progressing as i really want a shepard, but to get a shepherd I need a wood cutter and to get a woodcutter I need a blacksmith so you can see why im a bit annoyed.But other than that issue I would still recommend the game as I believe once it is out of its beta stage this will be a truly amazing game.I love how you can customise the buildings and edit the appearance so you can truly make the city look how you want it to look"
,Recommended,253250,34245207,Posted: 14 August,all,[ L a H o s h i ],"It's a good game. Simple and easy to play. I like that each citizen has personalities and you can give them jobs to fufill the needs of the town. Building your own houses and such Is what I like most about it, but it can get pretty buggy. Where you would put several blocks around a building but the game considers each block as a seperate building on its own. It doesn't bother me though. In short it's a decent game but nothing new. Just a simple and astheticaly pleasing game to chill with."
,Not Recommended,253250,23993986,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Psyduck,"Unfortunately i cant reccomend this anymore.I feel the development is to slow and the game has moved away from what i liked in the game.I sortof expected more scale in the game. This might be my fault more than the game.that being said it feels problematic to me, building stuff in this game takes quite a long time.Something that can be solved with more people....and the game does allow it. But many heartlings will slow the game down to a hault and this has always been a thing and i think it always will be. So it feels like technical limitations more than anything for whatever reason.So you are kinda stuck around 20-30 inhabitants making large build projects incredible slow to finish and mostly pointless...just tempts to be empty space....Most my time in this game is really just spent making buildings and it is a quite pretty game in the voxel world anywways. Since building was really the only thing i enjoyed. and the building system is pretty damn cool ill give them that!.....but rest of the game seems a bit unfocused and buggy.I sortof feel like it wants to be somewhere between sims and rimworld....and im temped to think the brutality is what makes rimworld amazing....But i guess it is more entertaining than the sims :PI Just hoped for pretty dwarf fortress and it isent not even close.Ill see how it goes and if this review needs change on release but currently i would say stay clear"
,Recommended,253250,34206167,Posted: 12 August,all,C.L. Magnus,It's really cute. I love it.
76561198024760349,Recommended,253250,24132207,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Scout,"This  game is  about building a small/big town, with the help of a group of 'hearthlings' who build, mine, farm and craft their way to survive over ever-stronger groups of enemies. You have an amazing amount of control over the appearance of your town, and you can custom build every house, road and wall. There are a variety of decorations and tools to place around your village, and there are two main storylines to follow (if you aren't playing on peaceful) - fighting the enemies, and becoming a township. You also get to pick one of two types of hearthling: The Ascendancy, who live in the forest, or Rayya's Children, who live in the desert. They have slightly different skill trees, so the gameplay is a little different.Pros+Graphics,+Crafting+AI+Enemies"
,Recommended,253250,34554842,Posted: 28 August,all,Thaly I guess,"Summary:I would just start by saying that this game isn't finished and yet you can spent weeks by just being creative. You're placed in the middle of nowhere with few settlers to begin. Your quest begins with finding constant and expandable food source and some beds for your settlers. Also be ready to fight some goblins, skeletons, zombies and other monsters that can invade your settlement.Pros:- Simple graphics, game might have simple graphic that fits overall style of the game.- Construction System, offers huge depth and detail for people that are willing to spent hours on one house and also gives you ability to build basic houses in a short amount of time.- You're not alone, you're visited by number of traders etc.. Game gives you feel like you're not alone in the world.- Still in development, as of right now game is still being updated and already offers enough stuff to entertain you for long time.Cons:- Combat, probably not for many people, but for me whole combat system doesn't feel good and responsive. Which at least for me made the game most enjoyable with peaceful mode.- Mining, game forces you to mine crazy amount of ores from terrain. I would appreciate less terrain affecting way of mining ores.Game is really good, controls are good, except the combat. For more creative people game can consume you for hours. Game also offers a little bit of story/quests for your settlement to be recognised as a town, which I haven't completed since I always just tried to build crazy big cities. I definitely recommend this game since it's fun for long time and still promises more stuff to be added into game."
76561198018887358,Recommended,253250,34565170,Posted: 28 August,all,HehBoi,"Cute 'n Comfy is the best way i can describe this gameSettle down and start a settlement with little voxel people that talk to each other during breaks when you're not assigning them to pick wild berries and gather wood to start a camp fireYou can also fully design their little homes by customizing the color and style of roofs and walls as well as adding furniture to the design, which is all saved together as a single ploppable buildng to keep your hearthlings warm and happyThis game is basically what would happen if minecraft and the sims had a baby"
76561198114284059,Recommended,253250,34600565,Posted: 30 August,all,Distant Watcher,"Fun game with a lot of potential but it's still in the early stages, and something the devs could add in a ""building Design"" option on the main menu so that you can creat buildings and save them with out the hassel of running your village.thats all this game needs to be perfect in my humble opinion.sincerely: a Huge fan."
,Recommended,253250,28064143,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Fritzie^1,nice
76561198050678744,Recommended,253250,34596740,Posted: 29 August,all,S.K.Grind,this game is quite hard to start learning because there are no totorials that I have seen. You constantly have to fight enemy hords that can make you wish you saved more often. Though I would say that there are also quite a few bugs related to building that forces you to revert to your latest save. So all in all it is a fun game but just make sure you save often.
,Not Recommended,253250,18283391,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ϟϟOps23234ϟϟ,Devs gave up very buggy used to be good
,Recommended,253250,34621326,Posted: 30 August,all,MerriGrape,"An interesting city-builder/manager with a lot of nice elements and a cutesy style to it. Can be deceptively challenging if you don't properly prepare for your enemies, and it has minor flaws when it comes to it's controls.All that said it's a game that still can be greatly recommended if you like to manage around your tiny people, build amazing buildings and just enjoy the ride."
76561198146480483,Recommended,253250,31027417,Posted: 8 April,all,ItzMickyMouse,"I must say this is an amazing game,ive played this game for about 48 hours it has its bugs and flaws and less i see with more updates and i truly reccomend this game,it can and will eventually become a better game than it already is as long as the developers dont quit on the game nor its development and although the content is lesser now and the community is ticked off by it would you rather have a broken game or a successful game be patient and it shall make it there.so if you get this game i hope you enjoy it :)"
76561198006833102,Recommended,253250,34652362,Posted: 31 August,all,jokeburner,"I have been following this game for over a year though it's development, so I feel I have played enough builds and hours of the game to give an educated review of this game.Synopsis: Stonehearth is a RTS Colony/Survival builder. While the gameplay loop of Building ->More Food ->More Colonists is solid, Stonehearth shines when it comes to precise building customization. Players can build structures of any kind based off the Custom Blueprint System. Players can spend hours on a single building, save it as a blueprint, and place their beautifully-crafted structures throughout the world. Players can also build squads of fighters with different specialities to do battle with monsters like goblins.PROS:Balanced RTS Colony/Survival gameplayHighly Detailed Custom StructuresMod Compatibility, and encouragement, allows for community supportWeekly updates with new content almost every monthCONSRandom bugs force players to save frequently (Bugs have significantly decreased in the past year to specific instances)Pathfinding AI is still an issue that forces players to fast-forward to complete tasksMining and building AI can cause tasks to become impossible to complete (This issue has been almost completely resolved in the past year's updates)Conclusion: Stonehearth is worth the price as long as the Radiant Team continues new content updates. It is definately a great value whenever it is on sale, but I feel that it is still a long way from the end of developement. It is an easy way to lose track of time and spend more time than expected building and ruling your settlement."
76561198058402230,Recommended,253250,34791600,Posted: 7 September,all,J.T.,"Has a ways to go before it can really contend with the likes of rimworld, But i think this is a rare situation where you should give ea a go. Not just because of the quality of the devs using your money to advance their game and studio but because games like this show real creativity and are great for any amount of play time."
76561198011524561,Not Recommended,253250,28856654,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tridelth,"One of the worst game development I have seen, when I first purchased Stonehearth the game was putting out a large updates weekly, something that the community would get excited about, the game updates are now refining the unfinished pile of garbage into some sort of sims cross minecraft with a touch more boredom. I could play Stonehearth today and think the developers have spent a day within the last year working on the game.Poor developmentPossibly never to be finishedBoring after a couple of hoursLacking contentReproduction of multiple games"
,Recommended,253250,19427130,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Gaiyamato,"This cute little game is one of the best town builders I have ever played, and it is still in beta!Really, just grab this game and play it. ^_^EDIT: Quick update, this game is vastly superior to how good it was when I first bought it. The focus on making the characters in your village seem like people and all of the extra immersion have dramatically improved gameplay. Plus the number of bugs is vastly less and there are a lot more new mechanics.Check this game out. :)"
76561198014918397,Recommended,253250,34980277,Posted: 15 September,all,Flash,I really enjoyed my first hours. But it got kinda borring after 20+h.Great game.
76561198259957187,Recommended,253250,35059639,Posted: 19 September,all,ecogreen123,"developers i am having problems with launching stonehearth it says its missing a file of some sort but i have never deleted a file, i have tryed uninstalling it ten restalling it but nothing worked, i would play the game more and i love it so much and i really love it and i want to play more but since i have had problems with launching it i just stop trying (except when it updates, i still have hope)"
,Not Recommended,253250,34845263,Posted: 9 September,all,thebigstickihityouwith,"I don't want to be negative about the game: It's clearly not finished. But for me, it's just the wrong side of not finished to be any fun.It's a base-builder, colony management game. And that's the problem.I'll give you an example of the building system, as it stands now:- To build a surrounding wall you need to lay the foundations - Love it! Brilliant!- Then you make the wall in sections of stone held between wooden pillars - That's just fine by me.- But then you finish the wall and you want to add a door. Oh dear.You can't modify the structure when it's finished. And guess what? You have to destroy the ENTIRE wall surrounding your colony because you can *select* one piece of wall but you can't *remove* just one piece of wall.Now that's a serious headache but it's made worse by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI who will seemingly go out of their way to get trapped behind the thing they're building. Whatever you do don't make a tower with a ladder but no door to the inside. Because you will have some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ come along and build a roof over them so they're trapped forever. And you can just make a hole and let them out. You have to knock the whole tower down!Here's my next serious annoyance with the building system:- I made a building.- I decided to move a latern from one place to the side of my new building.- I changed my mind and (before it had been moved) relocated it somewhere else instead.- This left a ghost lattern attached to the original position.- It said do I want to remove it. I said yes. It knocked down my whole damn building. That's not how you cancel moving an object! Thatsanofair!On top of this majorly hammy building system the AI... Oh man... the AI... It's not the worst I've ever seen but it's not great either. What's the point of archers that won't take advantage of your tower? They'll just wander outside with the knights to die... So what's the point of building a tower? Well there isn't one, is there.Even with all these problems, after playing it for 10 hours or so, I've completed the tech-tree and become unfeasibly rich. I've only had one person die and that's because I wasn't aware they were dying.By the way: Don't expect anyone to rescue a downed colonist. Unless YOU explicitly tell them to, they'll leave them to die.  Because screw that guy, right?Oh and if you ask them to mine something above head height but don't make them a ladder, they won't make one themselves. Which is odd considering they make ladders all over the place when making buildings...I know... I know... The fanbois will be telling me how wrong I am about everything but trust me: Get Rimworld instead. Yeah. I said it."
76561198162316639,Not Recommended,253250,35054956,Posted: 18 September,all,FOSVD | theemightymoose,"Stonehearth is an alright game, nothing too special, just okay. I'm sure in some time this will be a great game, but right now it's just ehh."
,Recommended,253250,35082896,Posted: 20 September,all,fatmangamerz,"i have played 115 hours so far and i enjoy the game immensely most of the time, there are a couple of things at the moment that are ruining it for me. 1. to leave feedback for the game you have to go to a specific site which takes time and effort stopping you from playing the game and then you either decide you would rather play the game or forget what you wanted to say by the time you get to the right page. 2. there are 3 difficulty settings so far, peaceful - no enemies at all just build how you want, easy and hard both have enemies but supposedly you are only supposed to see difficult enemies on the hard setting. i dont want to play peaceful as what is the point, it is meant to be a survival game afterall however just recently every time i play easy i reach a certain point in the game where i am bombarded with 1 ogre and 4 tougher kobold archers quite difficult but i blamed myself for not having enough troops my last playthrough had 3 ogres and 12 archers appear all at the same time which was when i realised it was no longer my fault considering i was choosing easy, this is very frustrating i doubt anyone will see this or attempt to do something about it but i need to vent before i start the game again. 1 last point if the devs are seeing this, when something wrong happens in the game it pops up an error box which you expect us to copy and paste onto your feedback website, would it not have been easier just to have a send button which sends it straight to you. if you would like an example of this please try subnautica which has a fantastic feedback option"
76561198044223903,Recommended,253250,35082127,Posted: 20 September,all,Cool Fight,"I like this game heaps and am really looking forward to its full release. There are some early access type issues. But hey, the devs have been consistant in working on this game. The price is worth it. Just look at my hours!"
,Not Recommended,253250,34809011,Posted: 7 September,all,liosalpha,"Ill keep it short.Its a nice colony survial game but it falls short on some key selling point atm.1,  Having a  more then 15 harthlings will seiously agg the game, to the point of slide show mode if light are turned on ad night.2, When building/mining heartlings tent to et get them selfs stuck on a single block ot on roofs. only sending a note your way when they are secs from dieing.3, Building althou being worked on sice its inseption is still broken. Things have to be drawn perfectly and not altered to prefent ene engion errors. And you better save befor you even try just in case is just crashes.4, The team has desided that the blocks in the game should have no  texture. this makes things on sertain angles very flat, or let them bleed in on big collor blob.5, Even thou its still and EA game there is a point where the game was seposed to be finished in 2013. and had not much of any core update since march 2016 adressing any of these ^issues. instead some stair tool was added and cute interactions.6, ending on a positive note, it is very cute."
,Recommended,253250,34800208,Posted: 7 September,all,johoe,"Me like, but me crash and the AI is stupid.Its incomplety but extremely addictive.Its obviusly incomplete and full of bugs, but its being worked on and im looking forward to seeing it through."
,Recommended,253250,34855990,Posted: 10 September,all,SoulCurvy,I can see good potential and eventually worth the 25$. Great game so far. Looking forward to what else it will bring in the future
76561198091569327,Recommended,253250,34869974,Posted: 10 September,all,vanillapoppy10,"Stonehearth is quite a unique game, as it can get you to play for a good month and a bit at first, but then you find out this game has mods! The best part for me is the mods and how easy they are to install, the devs right now are doing techical problems with the game rather than content however though."
76561198037516864,Recommended,253250,34888396,Posted: 11 September,all,The_real_nemo,"A strangely addicting sandbox with metric TONS of potential.In its current ""work-in-progress"" state however, as of the time of this review, it is nearly unplayable for any length of time.I'm looking forward to coming back to this title after some refinement!"
,Recommended,253250,34893719,Posted: 11 September,all,Deeyz,This game is a ton of fun. It doesnt take long to get the hang of it and it pulls you in for hours. The only thing I think it needs is a Steam Workshop to download new buildings.
76561198019333467,Not Recommended,253250,24488265,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Arktisk_Soldat,"***Warning bad grammar and sentence structure/spelling ahead.. Lack of sleep due to 0 power for three days and 80+ degree heat thanks to a hurrican will do that to you.***Game can be fun, and it is for the first MAYBE 5 hours if you sat down and played straight.  But after that the game get old, boring and samey, the building controls are stupid and instead of being easy to use you have to click several damn buttons to confirm the building process.  The new mood system is not all that fun either as some times you will get an introvert that HAS to be alone or they will have a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor mood the entire time and will wank really fast if you can't get things up and going fast enough.  There is also a lack of content so to speak, just not enough to do other then gather and build.  I found myself just farming food and selling items just to get a new person for something to do, the ingame quests are lack luster.. ""Build me x beds and I will give you y tables"" but the issue is I don't need these items so I mostly dismissed them.  Quests that give you things you could use or merchants that that actually have items you want are few and far between which in certain situations is not good.  The fights early on are stupid as well and you can and will find yourself in a bad spot because they just pound you with overwhelming numbers and if you aren't set up fast enough you wont be able to defend your self nor fight off the thieves that steal your stuff.  Which brings me to another point, the Goblin event happens to soon, and if you settle is a bad location and don't have the right materials and can't give the little turd what he wants you are then ripe for the butt kicking you don't need/deserve.  Either way.. I don't recommend at this time until they tweak some things and add more to it."
76561198280899031,Recommended,253250,35035540,Posted: 17 September,all,Robotic Dog,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,253250,35090460,Posted: 20 September,all,Shadow Star,"I totally recommend this game if you enjoy town building games. Compared to other games in similar fashion you also get random events and intruders and need to protect your town. You can even design your own buildings fairly easily. The game is als not very hard to learn. Get a stable food source, get some soldiers (Footmen) to protect your town, trade and let your mason/carpenter/blacksmith/engineer craft things.This game has a very cute voxel design and I really like it. It runs very stable for most of the time but once you reach 20 Hearthlings (which is max btw, hope it gets increased in the future) it can happen that the game slows down a bit, but restarting the game usually solved that for me.I do sometimes get error messages of which I am not sure why they happen or what causes them as I see nothing wrong. I only really had two game breaking bugs where one time the hud was not working correctly and the other where my footmen would fight enemies and neither would take damage resulting in an endless fight. Again restarting the game solved both of these bugs.I can only recommend this game and I am excited for what else the devs plan for the game in the future."
76561198281911493,Recommended,253250,34231173,Posted: 14 August,all,pmwatts46,"It is an amazing game with lots to do, but when I load up a save file it doesn;t load the GUI so i cant play it. Other than that it is a great game."
76561198277558756,Recommended,253250,35105811,Posted: 21 September,all,Jaspingo,Hours of fun!
76561198124739548,Recommended,253250,35088156,Posted: 20 September,all,diamondflame33,"Awesome city builder that gives you more freedom than I thought possible. The raids difficulty curve can be a bit ridiculous, but that's the fun right? Give it a go if you like building simulation games; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,253250,35094632,Posted: 20 September,all,Brewergamer,"Stonehearth is truly an amazing game, I have been following it for a while because I have loved the style of a town builder since I was a kid.  I finally decided to purchase it and I do not regret it one bit.  Stonehearth does really well and I was instantly addicted.  A little about the game:  when you start out you get a randomly generated crew of workers, whom you can later on assign roles (like blacksmith, farmer, etc) and you get to choose a randomly generated section of land to start out.  You gather, build, and defend your village from monsters.  All in all, would highly recommend."
76561198013462546,Recommended,253250,29776317,Posted: 7 February,all,7thsojurn,"'GOOD IDEA, POOR MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOO MUCH WORK:'All armor look alike no color change to tell who has what type without looking at each unit this needs to be done away with, because if you have a huge army it would take way too long to check what and who is upgraded yet.  Placement of different items are small and confusing in view of what it is and a build of the type of items would help in the confusion if you say have a weaver shop and a armor shop and so on and so like a black smith shop would be easy to fine and make items an all the device would be in the shop when it is built or at least a shadow of the item missing, And a spot for it.ADD-ON:I would like too say one more thing if the game is not broken and runs fine please don't keep adding things if all it's going to do is cause more bugs and like a lot of my games like 7-days to die they updated there game to death now it's one big graphic hog and will not play and full of bugs and The Forest another game that has done the same.LOVE THIS GAME; THANK YOU IN ADVANCE FOR YOUR HEARD WORK AND READING MY REVEIW AND ADDRESSING MY ISSUE. date 9/13I did notice one thing there still seems to be small bugs not enough to complain about but one bug is a pain before when you made healing potions the people would use it them self but this seems to be bugged out.  One good thing that works well is when you advance your character from herbalist to cleric he heals all the villagers I love this. EXCELLENT GAME.Bad Points:The game has a few design issues.  Number 1 is the build design issue that is an unbalanced upgrade item and unit both.  Waist material to build iron spears yet the unit the upgrade about the same time from regular unit to knights will not use steel spears that are a 20 hit points and the weak copper sword is only 14 hit points, it makes no sense they are iron units for say yet they will not use items of iron.  Poor build item is confusing and should be fixed.  what a waste of time it takes so long to build a town and the longest time ever to get people to join that this just add to the frustration.  Not saying this is not a good game.  I do like how it works just this is a build issue that is confusing.  Tab design issue when you look a the character list and try to open character sheet they cover each other making it hard to check out other characters on the list to see equipment, i hate this and food in storage going bad having to remove them manually is waist of time."
76561198131293272,Recommended,253250,35301487,Posted: 29 September,all,rgastel9,this game is always changing always getting better.. its a fun little sandbox build/survival adventure game that you probably will enjoy...
,Recommended,253250,35140336,Posted: 22 September,all,Ojelle,"Very nice game, but with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs."
76561198041538656,Recommended,253250,35506614,Posted: 5 October,all,Brandonian,"So, I'm assuming the water issue is going to be fixed, but I'd like a way to place water as well. Additionally, I would like a few more higher tier classes for both crafting and combat...I logged 12 hours the first day...I'm seriously hooked.In the future, will there be additional races - maybe play as the goblics/orcs/ogres...I'd love to upgrade an orc to an ogre with an iron mace. Will there be more enemies?? I would like to see giants...or giant camps...So, with the building...is there a way where I can wall a large building without being restricted to a set max floor span...also...the delete and undo button - can there please be a way to delete one thing and not the last entire span of wall/building? Also, can we have some hearthling reactions when you click them or to go with their expressions/conversation? Like, sim sounds?Also, can we also get larger maps with...and also with combat parties...can we get some warband leaders? And a few higher ranks with crafting and combat...or maybe some self-training camps where we can have two Hearthlings fight/compete and one come out the victor?Again, I love this game...Also, can we have a few more starter foliage variation regarding bushes...red, blue, and purple bushes..."
