user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,253330,14749254,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,AestheticGamer,"Neverending Nightmares, in my opinion, isn't all that great.It's got an interesting art style, the audio is good, there's a few interesting ideas... But there's not too much more for me to say. Gameplay is... Okay, if not super simple. Mainly just walking left or right, looking for an item, some enemy avoidance or running from enemies in places, going back and forth to and fro. And that'd even be okay... But the story completely lets itself down. Playing it, I knew it was going to be a game that would be made or broken by its story, and it just does not deliver. It has all this mystery, surrealism, themes, and absolutely no pay-off. I don't want to say too much, but the game has three-endings, and not the good multiple ending kind. Basically, there's no real meaning to anything as the endings suggest different potential 'answers', and with that, are the most cliche-horror answers you could think of.It's not terrible, worth it if interested, and there are some good scares (many front-loaded) and moments, but there's just not enough there, and what is there isn't backed up by a complete vision to be a worthwhile experience. Pieces of it are good and interesting, but let down by simplified, repetitive gameplay, and an uninteresting, cliched open-ended narrative."
76561197996515704,Not Recommended,253330,12278346,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mechanoise,"What Neverending Nightmare does right:+ Amazing black and white style,+ Tension filled sounds and monsters that really give a creepy atmosphere.+ Great concept with a storyline that will keep you unnerved and guessing.What Neverending Nightmare does wrong, and is enough of a reason to only watch it played and not buy it.- Gameplay is nothing short of slow walking.- Very little to interact with.- Painfully short, I completed the game in 1.4 hours.- A joke of a pricetag for its limited length.- Little incentive to discover alternate endings.Neverending Nightmares is a game that had a lot of potentional, and is one of those games you really want to love, until you get bored of the constant slow walking, little development in the characters and storeline, and realise the game is far too short.This is a great example of blown potential, and I wish I could get a refund."
76561198017147427,Not Recommended,253330,12266174,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,dugadug,"Dammit, I hate that I didn't enjoy this game more.  The graphics and sounds are superb, and every minute of it is genuinely creepy and nightmarish.  The problem is that it's incredibly tedious and feels pointless after a while.The ""gameplay"" is just walking (VERY slowly) through a house where, despite becoming increasingly surreal and disturbing, the scenery is too repetitive.  Oh, and occasionally trying to avoid encounters with passing creatures, which is just about my least favorite thing to do in a video game.  It just gets to be so dull.  And sadly, I think this repetition was totally intentional, a ""his nightmare is OUR nightmare"" feeling of being stuck in a desperate place and unable to escape.  It just fails at this, badly, as the game becomes unbearably boring.By the time I reached one of the endings, I was SO ready for it to be over, despite the game's short length.  I have no intention of replaying to experience the other endings, especially since they require plodding through the asylum scene again, which is the most tedious part of the game.I started out loving the game, but when boredom set in, it hit hard.  Also, it's overpriced.  A game that can be finished in a couple hours should cost 4 or 5 bucks."
,Recommended,253330,15760245,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"If you're looking for a short, atmospheric, and creepy horror game, Neverending Nightmares will scratch that itch for you.  Each nightmare that you experience leads into the next, slowly revealing the reason that you're there in the first place.  To get the full effect of the game, it's recommended that you play with a headset and a controller as the ambient sound and rumble features are implemented.The game is short, I completed it in about an hour and a half.  There are three separate endings that you can unlock based on a few of the choices in the second half of the game.  I was unaware that I was even making choices on my playthrough as they are not obvious until they are revealed at the end.All in all, this is a good game and a fun experience.  I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys atmospheric horror with an unfolding mystery added in that explains why it's all happening.  I must say that I personally would recommend only picking it up on a sale, though, as the current $15 price tag is a bit steep for what is offered."
,Not Recommended,253330,18220626,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“Even if she be not harmed, her heart may fail her in so much and so many horrors; and hereafter she may suffer--both in waking, from her nerves, and in sleep, from her dreams.” ― Bram Stoker,DraculaI've been wanting to play this game for a long while, and I've finally managed to do so, the other day. For a month, I found myself quitting each and every time when I sit before this game, even with the perfect resolve to complete it. Yesterday, I did it. In the end, it left me with mixed feelings. I certainly appreciated the art and the thought process, yet did I love the game? I think ""love"" is a big word to define this particular psychosis.The game is a survival horror adventure + walking simulation. Young Thomas is a man trapped within his own nightmares. He wakes up in an old Victorian mansion - presumably his parents' house - and starts to walk around, pacing within countless disturbing settings which supposedly represent his own subconscious. By the end of each nightmare, a new one starts, and he wakes into another nightmare, and another... and so this goes on and on. Every time that he wakes up, the nightmare seems to twist into a bit more disturbing and gory version of what he has already encountered. Themes of immense depression, guilt and decay are omnipresent. Thomas' only tie to the reality is a young woman, who seems to be his sister: Gabby or Gabriella... who constantly dies, for some reason. Symbolisms we gotta look beyond of? Hmph, I finished the game with all endings even, and I still don't know.The opening of the game is pretty disturbing and catches your attention quickly. The artwork is hand drawn, an eerie pen & ink style drawing that recalls Edward Gorey. I should state that an immense labor was put into even the art of the game. Everything is in black and white, drawn with countless dots and brush marks to work on furling shadows. Only blood and certain objects that you can interact with are presented in colors. Combined with background sounds like whispers, dragging noises, moans and whimpers; an astonishing atmosphere awaits you. Yet this atmosphere quickly loses its effect as the game continues.The dynamics of the game are pretty basic. There is a tense, lonely period weaved with suspense and scattered flashes of bad omens which makes you tiptoe; and then comes the climax of either a bad memory or a gory enough scene. This equation loops each and every time, added up with the optional presence of a monster to avoid. After a while, added with the loss of direction due to ""neverending"" display of the same environments with some new events, you start expecting what is to come and everything normalizes quickly. After the first half an hour, you get used to the dynamic and the thrill loses its effect over you. You start playing the game automated, just for the sake of finishing it in hopes of understanding the storyline.Gameplay only gives you the option of walking in a direction, rarely pick an object and change rooms via doors. Oh, and you have the option of running for a little while with the shift keys, if you are to avoid a monster. If you keep a different elevation, you are able to avoid most monsters. For others, you only need to leave the room. I completed all endings with only 4 death counts, once for each kind of monster you have to deal with and I'm not particularly good with my reflexes either. If I managed, anyone can manage to avoid monsters, endure some gory scenes and finish all endings within 3 hours if they want. That kinda diminishes the thrill of the game and with this much repetition, it gets boring quickly.We are informed that the designer of the game, Matt Gilgenbach dealt with severe depression and OCD which gave inspiration to creating this game. In my opinion, the artwork and the themes used may indicate depression, but the only indication of OCD that I've observed is the art style itself, consisting of countless hand drawn lines and dots. Whew! That is OCD if I've seen one! But the gameplay and the story has nothing to do with any of these mental conditions. So it would be hypocritical to exemplify this game to promote awareness for either depression or OCD. No, I'm not a psychologist, but I'm sufficiently trained in psychology and, I suffer from minor OCD. I also had a brief depression period 5 years back - as any individual with an above average IQ in modern society. Yet again, experience is always subjective so I cannot declare mine as the sole verdict on an artwork.On my own experience, I cannot recommend this game. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for symbolism and well-crafted atmospheres, and I certainly don't declare myself as capable to understand everything concerning human psyche, but there is no consistent story. Only details thrown around to make room for you to craft a meaningful story yourself. I've read an explanation in discussion forums, and thought ""this should be it"" long after I finished the game. Aside its success on atmosphere, this game ends up being an excuse for gore. Combined with its flawed horror dynamic, I'd say the current price is real steep for what you're getting yourself into. Then again, art IS subjective.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198139267256,Recommended,253330,32708715,Posted: 23 June,all,clowncorpse,"LIKES: The art style and atmosphere is remarkable not to mention the music is amazing too. Im not so easily spooked but this game got me to jump a few times (the gameplay is more intense with headphones on) has a few endings to it.DISLIKES: The endless looping to dead ends can become repetitive also some things you have to do aren't apparent so your just left guessing ""this is the right thing to do right?"" Im a patient person but I can see how this can become irritating real quick.All in all if you love psychological horror games with a ton of disturbing imagery I totally recomend a play!"
,Recommended,253330,17389296,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tom,"Neverending Nightmare is a horror adventure style game. This game was released in September 2014 on Steam.You play the role of Thomas, the idea behind the game is that you keep experiencing nightmares, but you keep waking up and going straight into another one.  Each nightmare gets worse and worse every time - and the gameplay elements in them become harder too. The game also has a pretty cool save system in that if you die, you end up waking up just a few moments before in the same nightmare.The actual gameplay is fairly simple - it almost works like a point and click adventure game, but you walk around either using WASD or a controller. As you navigate around the levels, you encounter certain objects which can be interacted with or picked up to use in someway, such as a candle. You will also face a couple of enemies which you have no way of killing, you just have to either avoid or sneak past.Graphically, Never-ending Nightmares is a 2D hand-drawn line art style. This looks really cool and really puts across the point that this is a never ending dream; all of the colours are the same every room looks identical to the last but with subtle changes.This game comes with three different endings, I haven't figured out really how to get different endings to the one I already have got, but there are guides online if you are into that sort of thing.My first run through NM took me about two hours to complete. This would of been considerably shorter if not for a few irritating moments involving sneaking past a difficult monster, but I felt this time was OK for this type of game. Like I said, there are two other endings which will make this a pretty decent length title, but others may be looking for a bit more longivity for the price this is on sale for.I didn't have any technical problems whilst playing, I did however see something which I think should be mentioned - no loading screens. I don't think games get enough credit when they implement something like that, having no loading screens at all really keeps you immersed in your surroundings and the game.My final thoughts would be to pick this game up if you are into the atmospheric horror genre of games; but don't go into it expecting fast paced action because you will be thoroughly disappointed as there is virtually no action here. But for what it is, which is a well presented horror game with an awesome looking art style, then you'll get some enjoyment out of it. Personally I think that the £10,99 is a bit steep, maybe wait for it to go for -25% off before picking it up just because of a single ending only takes 2 hours to see.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/253330"
76561197994638644,Not Recommended,253330,12272195,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Amadan,"The Goreyian art style and superb audio effects make for some creepy moments, but that's really all this game has to offer- a few creepy moments. The gameplay itself is linear and repetitive, but the real crime is that those brief moments of creepiness never build to anything more- they don't add up to some chilling tale of dread, or slowly reveal an unimaginable horror- they're just isolated bits of ghastliness without any real substance behind them. This is only emphasized by the multiple endings- rather than all the clues pointing to one inevitable, undeniable terror, it's just a mix n' match of traditional horror imagery. The end doesn't come as revelation, but a sudden 'What? Is that all?'If you're really curious I'd wait until this dips to around the $3 mark, but in the meantime your pennies and yen for suspense would be better spent on Limbo or Gone Home."
76561198025938115,Recommended,253330,13455730,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Boosegumps,"Game was spooky and scary, but no skeletons were involved. 10/10."
76561197969379991,Not Recommended,253330,12263987,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Grandmaster of Pwn,"I usually like these sorts of Artsy games (i love stuff like Downfall, cat lady, Gone Home, Dear Esther and co.). So i figured i'd buy this cause it seemed interesting and the art seems good. the game starts out strong, but then after about 30 minutes tedium sets in. you literally walk around the same corridors (same art sets scrambled around) over and over and over for the next 1,2 Hours. The only ""gameplay"" from just walking left, right, up, down are sneaking past a couple of enemies (i think there are only 2 types). it gets pretty boring, i found myself just rushing through at the end (holding down the shift button) which resulted in me having to listen to constant wheezing of the character.so i would definately not recommend this game. watch a lets play if you're intersted instead. i feel i spent too much money on this game. 5 bucks would have been ok.this is the first review i wrote, i just had to to let ppl know what this is about."
,Not Recommended,253330,31564300,Posted: 5 May,all,Nosferatu,"I've seen reviews about this game giving it pretty positive remarks. I went in feeling optimistic. I don't mind walking sims if they're done well. In my opinion, this is not one of them.This took just over an hour to complete. The music & sound effects were great. The art style was good looking for a simplistic game. The problem I have is that it's just not entertaining. There's about 3/4 lines of dialogue in the entire game. The story is so bland and obscure you don't know who the other character is or what you're trying to accomplish other than walk around & hoping you wake up from your coma/sleep disorder thing seeing visions of this dead woman.There are 3 ""enemies"" in the entire game you literally just have to walk away from or try not to be noticed by. On top of that, there are about 2/3 different locations in the game. You are either walking through hallways or openeing doors into rooms that have no significance to the story. There were probably 60+ empty rooms you have the option of walking into. I would say for every 20 empty rooms/hallways, you encounter one enemy. Remembering back, there was probably only 7 or 8 times I actually encountered ""enemies"" you had to walk away from.This is an ok game if this is what you're looking for. I wouldn't have minded this game if it was expressed more clearly in the game description that it's primarily a walking sim over horror/survival horror/psychological horror. Even then, I don't think it's worth $15."
76561198153475075,Not Recommended,253330,12943463,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hekate,"I really liked the art and atmosphere in this game. HOWEVER, there is barely any game play. You simply walk around from room to room and occasionally you have to dodge a lunatic. That's it. For the price, its not worth it. Buy it on sale if you really want to check it out."
76561197999195306,Not Recommended,253330,13101925,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Чинизелли,"Here are my problems with this ""game"":1) Gameplay is virtually non-existant. As a player, my only contribution to this game was holding down the forward key and occasionally tapping enter. There were two points in the whole game where I needed a moment's thought to figure out how to get around a challenge (and it did not require more than a moment's thought). Furthermore, the designer has said that the gameplay is informed by the fact that he wanted to channel his experiences with depression and OCD - he wanted to make even simple tasks like walking a challenge. The problem is that ""making it hard to walk"" is not a very creative way to channel those experiences - and as a result NN can be extremely tedious. I refuse to believe that there is no way around the creative impasse of making the game feel slow or oppressive and making it boring (the no.1 sin for any form of entertainment).2) Character - as mentioned above, the creator of this game intended it to be a manifestation of the ""real horror"" of OCD and depression. I can appreciate why this must be important to him, but the game really makes no effort whatsoever to get the player to invest in the character. The fact that I control Thomas does not ""put me in his shoes."" If I do not feel invested in the character, his emotions and experiences, unfortunately, really don't mean that much to me. Despite the beautiful art direction, NN is really, really lazy and ineffective at doing something that seems fundamental to what it is trying to do.Lastly, I have to say that this ""game"" is over-priced. I finished the story for the first time in less than two hours. And with the other endings, I reckon NN really doesn't have more than an extra hour or so's worth of content (though I may be wrong about this - I did not bother to explore the other endings because, as I mentioned above, I did not feel remotely invested in the character or story).This game looks beautiful. The art direction has remarkable attention to detail. But the gameplay and writing are just so, so lazy and ineffective. I'm sorry, but I regret giving the devs any money for this. It's an overrated and over-priced piece of beautiful-looking crap.EDIT:  I played this in my room, in the dark, with headphones, in the early hours of the morning. I did everything I could to give this game the biggest leg-up possible."
76561198094221272,Recommended,253330,17720503,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,drake31,"Intense & Suspenseful.Two words that describeNeverending Nightmaresperfectly.From beginning you starting feel this dread, pressure on your nerves, and that is sign of wonderful work with atmosphere. Music add up a lot, with creepy sounds and weird noises here and there. And lastly visual design of game itself, helps to create unique experience. White, black a red is probably most common color palette, but it works absolutely great with this hand drawn style.Story overall ... i just say, you just want to know more, you want explore further, despite this unsettling feeling inside you. You want to know what is happening, and mostly you want know is this just a dream, and when this dream turns into horrific reality.Even though i like this game a lot, i have few problems with it.I kinda dont like - quite a lot -Lunatic Asylumsequence. When we were in the house, there was something more to atmosphere. When we reach asylum, at least for me it went downhill. Those no arm freaks, wasn't scary just annoying, and they massively slows down, already slow pace of a game.Second thing is, i felt gameplay is a bit stretched for this story, and it just add to pacing problems i already had, so i wasn't really happy about it.Nonetheless I explored everything possible thru this game, every ending, every vein, and i had this scary fun time withNeverending Nightmareslast night.I don´t LOVE this game, i just LIKE this game, and I have to say it was nice gaming experience.Grade:BP.S. At this point i am pretty excited for next game from these guys."
,Not Recommended,253330,17211211,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kid Zombie,It's a good idea but it isn't developed to its full potential.It lost my interest quickly.The character's panting when you're low on stamina is seriously annoying.
,Recommended,253330,23004513,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Luxurychoccie,"Despite everyone having seemingly mixed feelings on this game- I'm giving it a solid thumbs up. Neverending Nightmares does exactly what it says on the tin.That feeling of being trapped... unable to run, loss of breath, darkness closing in. Am I lost? Is someone following me? What's around this next corner.... Oh, I'm falling. Am I awake? This game perfectly captures all of the feelings of being helplessly trapped in an unpleasant slumber. People have criticised a number of things this game has to offer- and thinking through to actual nightmares knocks these points down one by one.""He doesn't run fast enough/for long enough!"" - That feeling of being chased by the monster in your dream. You run for what seems like an eternity, and yet only travel a few feet, will you get through the door in time?""The corridors go on and on and on, it's like a walking simulator!"" - Being lost... Trapped in an unfamiliar and eerie environment.... everywhere looks the same, will you ever escape?""These enemies aren't scary/have stupid mechanisms"" - Sometimes the scariest things of all are the simpler ones. Distorted visions from every day life. The chaser. The follower. The listener. The scraper. The patroller. Each is unpredictable in it's own way on first encounter.Going past all of this- I'll be honest. People like me are the prime audience for a game like this. I am a scaredy cat. I had to get a small amount of help from my boyfriend on one of the parts that was just too creepy for me.... and the rest, I completed by myself. This game had tension, some well placed jumpscares, and a strange broken up story that didn't fit well together- but what does that sound like? A nightmare.I'd also like to praise this game for the artwork- this game must have had countless hours spent on the artwork alone. It's an interesting scratchy style but those extra details really make the game. Splashes of colour for notable objects. I wasn't a MASSIVE fan of the character design, it looked a little goofy to me compared to the complexity of some of the rest of the artwork in game.Another point I should make is how considerate the dev was for helping to achieve the branching story paths- continuing from a level where the story branches places you EXACTLY where you need to be to go about following other paths. You do not have to replay the entire level, let alone the entire game (Which is something some of the negative reviews seemed to think was the case?) In other words, you complete the whole game, and then you can gather up all the extra endings within another half hour or so, by easily being plonked in the right place. How kind :)All that said, I recall buying this game on sale. The current price for this game is £10.99 and I'm afraid despite such massive praise from myself I would place the value at somewhere around the £5 mark if you're waiting for the sales. The artwork is surely worth full price- again, beautiful and stunning game that absolutely captures the points and feelings it wants to get across.... but the length and complexity of the game is where it falls short.7.5/10, Achievements were a nice bonus :)"
,Recommended,253330,20026440,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,EverywhereCats,"This game is more of an atmospheric horror than a 'jump-scare' horror. There are, maybe, two or three jumpscares. It's slow-paced and repetitive, which, I think, work really well for the game. You pay close attention to all these tiny details, like blinking and shadows, and all the paintings convey all these interesting thoughts. The game makes you wonder ""Why is this here?"", ""What's going on?"", ""What does this mean?"". I spent more time wondering about the enviroments and the events than being afraid, and I'm still trying to connect the dots of the game.One thing you're going to notice is that almost all the reviews have a short playthrough time, me included. There isn't a lot to play through. The game is very short. This helps the game stay suspenseful. If you're looking for a game to sink 100's of hours in, this isn't the game for you. You'll want to replay it to acheive all possible endings,  but the replaying time isn't long. The short playthrough time creates a tense feeling for the whole game. It should be added that there are absolutely no loading screens in the game, so you never have any release or rest from the tension.The game is also very heavy with symbolism. The paintings, the art, the ages, the enemies, the colors, they all seem to have unique meaning. I found myself sitting in rooms, staring at the windows or the pictures, or hiding from enemies to observe them, trying to figure out what it meant, how it reflected the character.The art style is somehow simple and complex. The characters look cartoonish, as does the enviroment, but it still has great detail. A lot of effort went into the design, as everything is hand drawn. Items that you can interact with are colored, like the bronze doorhandles, which is an interesting mechanic that helps negate confusion.As for the horror elements, I really didn't find the game scary, but there is a LOT of gore. As previously stated, the enviroment is monochromatic, consisting of just black and white. One exeption to this is the blood, which is red. And, oh boy, there is a lot of red. It's similar to 'The Human Centipede 2' in this way, where in that movie, only the blood had color. This causes the blood to stick out and have a drastic impact on the player. I don't want to spoil anything, but as the game goes on, the amount of blood increases, and you get this feeling of dread, like you don't want to go on, but you want to find the cause. This gives me a tense feeling, but not a scared feeling. Gore has never been a scare factor for me, but it might be for you.Tl;Dr: I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. It's packed with symbolism. It's short, but tense all the way through. It looks beautifuly frightening and sounds amazing. It's not terribly scary, but it's quite immersive."
,Not Recommended,253330,12262124,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Resurrectum,"No strategy, just walk from point A to point B.Enemies are way too easy to avoid.Tries too hard to be artsy.No story.One of the most boring games iv'e played in my life."
,Not Recommended,253330,14470545,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Footissimo,"As much as I enjoyed the art style and the creepy melodies, the gameisjust too much of a walking simulator - passages are seeming neverending and the protagonist, Mr Pajama, would struggle to keep up with an earthworm.  Sure, it's building up atmosphere, but it's just goes on too long.  I found myself trying to pace the running so that Mr PJ would go just a little faster, but then mistiming and the character having to stop for a breather (sadly, this was clearly pre-salbutamol).  It's just so very slow and contrary to what many have said, there *are* cheapo jumpscares (the bear, the grabbing hand without spoiling too much).The story was enjoyable to wonder about, but honestly, the thought of backtracking to find the other endings just didn't appeal."
,Recommended,253330,12312064,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"What a nightmare my friends of horror. First it seems pathless like a dream until you wake up again and again. You will finally see that you have to go deeper in that nighmare to explore everything the game has to offer. After you finished once you have to play further and you will find new enemys and areas (and achievements). I really enjoyed Neverending Nighmares, the gameplay makes fun, the artwork is lovely detailed, music and sound-effects are really awesome and they are playing an important role, but... you will see what i mean. Horror adventurer will truly enjoy it there, have fun to wake up from neverending nightmares... again... and again.... and again...."
76561197989132185,Not Recommended,253330,12269716,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,pulp-reduced,"The nightmare is escalating in its terrifying apparition, not endless, but increasingly nightmarish. There's an amount of degradation to every awakening, where things turn gradually worse. To our despair, not even our bed is what it seems to be, in its comforting, homely tension-breaking, turning into a dark, cobwebbed, bloody mess, but in a weird way, still home, still tension-breaking, still a relief. And in short, this – this awareness of nothing having real consequences, much like Bioshock Infinite: a short animation or cutscene depicting your revival/death followed by reanimation –, along with a slew of other things, is what made this game the not so poignant or interesting experience I expected, considering the visual style and premise.On the visual style, when zoomed out, and the pixelated low-quality of what's in front of you is not so blatant, it looks rather quaint. The salient reds and colors signifying interactivity is a rather interesting concept, albeit mainly wasted on Kickstarter portraits really serving only to satisfy those backers, and wasting the players time.Generally, the way they construct the different rooms, the scene design, one could call it, was fairly generic. Elaborately: the conveniently dead-eyed dolls all facing the players point of view (this motif in particular, is not scary in overabundance), the flash of the lightning with the dead-looking sister appearing behind you, gutted animals in the forest, portraits blinking, the faceless manikins, generic pleads for God written in blood, these are all generic design-decisions seen in most lowest common denominator horror movies, and it's simply squandering an interesting premise and art-style that could have brought so much more to the table. Although it wasn't all bad, it was interesting to see the dismembered limbs scattered about, thereafter seeing the pile of dismembered bodies, giving it the credence it needed, beyond the surrealistic nature of dreams.The level design of endlessly walking through the same corridor, but with a new texture, a new coat of paint, does not excuse it being the same corridor being traversed. I found it incredibly dull and uncreative, it's simply frustrating to be going over the same thing more than once, when in reality it served no purpose. Purposelessness in games is the ultimate disdainful choice a game-creator can make, forcing a player to needlessly – in terms of narrative – do the same thing, and to not give any sort of satisfactory reason or reward for it can really not be in a game, especially not one this short and lacking in substance. There was a sense of enjoyment to every new room explored, but they were seldom seen, and often ultimately pointless. It's immensely disappointing that a game with this much style and potential didn't actually arouse any profound thoughts, or any interesting thoughts at all: springing up from neither art-direction nor narrative, where the chance of creative ideas often resided.Enemies were introduced in an interesting way, at least the one we come across in the asylum, it was foreshadowed in a fairly obvious jump scare, although still cleverly adumbrated and its function within the game shown by visual design, not by some redundant tutorial pop-up. The gouged out eyes of these adversaries were here the sign of them operating with sound, not vision, such as the other enemy. Furthermore, the AI, rigid as it was, broke the tension by being, well. . . rigid. The encounters you have with these seem more like a puzzle than a fearful enemy capable of horrid acts. It was pattern-solving, not an avoidance of possibilities that could actually spark fear in a person.Lastly, characters that seem aloof, disinterested, without any signs of distress, do they not bring down the agency of the game? If there is no discernible sense of fear or urgency in the person we play, why are we to fear or tense up to what is going on? It's all too static, unbending, and it needs flexibility pertaining to the reactions of the character we play. Not only to see the urgency of agency, but for the empathy and connection one feels with this character. I stress this because without it I feel this emptiness to the whole experience, it's a common theme in many of these lower budget indiegames, and it's understandable, but it's detrimental to this player-game connection that I feel is crucial in a third-person horror game, because how else are we to immerse ourself into this world, when we don't have the simpleness of attaining that connection to the game that a first-person game easily brings (since it removes the “middleman”).I have no idea if I actually enjoyed this game, a huge part of me didn't, it felt the scares were cheap mostly due to clichés seen in all types of horror. The art-style was creative but nothing else. The narrative was bare-bones and the resolution seemed shallow and predictable. There is nothing in me that wants to re-live this game, I didn't fall in love with any concept or visual, it was just this experience devoid of real substance. It was okay, in the most mundane and frustrating way possible, because it could have been more, but was left unexplored."
,Not Recommended,253330,13564407,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ryne,"-All you do is walk around, open doors and hide. No puzzles. Wish you could do more things gameplay wise. The artwork is nice at least."
,Recommended,253330,12288362,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Narlex,"Neverending nightmares feels a lot like playing Myst for the first time when I was a kid. The music is creepy and the world feels like I won't understand it even if I try to. I'm liking it so far, and there's a lot of attention to small detail that I'm really appreciating"
,Recommended,253330,24101499,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"I remember watching Let's Play videos of the demo/beta version of Neverending Nightmares years ago. At that time, it seemed like just another unfinished horror game among the abundance of unfinished titles whose finished product would never see the light of day. Needless to say, it came as a surprise when the entirety of the game popped up on Steam unexpectedly.You are Thomas, a man who just can't stop waking up from one nightmare, only to realize that he's in another. Things start out normal enough while exploring his house, but each time he wakes from his previous nightmare, things get a little more strange. Armed with nothing more than a single candle to disarm the long-falling shadows, Thomas must make it to the end of his stream of dreamscapes alive, and with most of his sanity in tact if at all possible. The game does feature three different endings, which gives a small replayability factor to it. Although, do not expect this experience to last longer than three hours at best.If there's one thing I know about, it's mental illness, an affliction that this game is based around; some of my closest family members are afflicted with such bad OCD, anxiety, and depression that it would be debilitating for them without proper medication. That being said, the strongest of these factors that comes through Neverending Nightmares is depression. There are many times when Thomas connects closely with suicide, and murder, and in manners that are completely horrific. I believe that the developer could've done a better job with bringing the other mental illnesses to the forefront of Neverending Nightmares, as the plot comes off as a man who is only battling against suicide and the fear of going insane.Of course the artwork really stands out as unique, the entire game is done in the form of an inked drawing. The only color that shows up is red, almost always in the form of blood. There are heavy scribbles to denote shadows, and sometimes they can get so thick that you cannot even see Thomas; this makes that lone candle very important. The artist did an incredible job illustrating the title, and time should be taken to enjoy this factor. The music really wraps everything up in a nice, scary little package as it creates a tense and foreboding environment that urges you to stop and not continue forward, lest you meet your demise.For a three hour game, Neverending Nightmares is able to manufacture a deeply scarring psychological experience; one that is ultimately up to the player to interpret for themselves. There's not an abundance of narrative, and the game doesn't attempt to trick you in to jumpscares; rather it relies on the use of an overwhelming and oppressive atmosphere in conjunction with horrific discoveries, and a gruesome thought process from the main character, to put you in the shoes of someone who is trying desparately to keep their sanity. While there is a strong tone of mental illness, the title will appeal to all horror fans alike; after all, what is scarier than that which you cannot escape? The biggest downside here is the hefty $16.99 CAD pricetag, and it's strongly advised to wait for at least a 50% off sale.Rating:4.5/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,253330,14062310,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hysteria,"This game is beautifully done. From the atmosphere to the background sounds, everything is spot on. You literally feel every ounce of dread the character goes through with every step he takes; with not knowing what's going to happen next. The Alien FX is a nice touch too, even though the character rarely uses the candle, but I guess that's what makes it special. The black/white against the blood red is very effective and pleasing to the eye. The auto save feature is very nice as well, it's almost like they knew where you were going to die. From the creepy dolls following you, to the crazy hatchet murderer chasing you, this game is sure to keep you on your toes. For the best experience I would suggest turning the lights off, put your headphones on and let the Alien FX glow blood red."
76561198062158418,Recommended,253330,12284403,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nickname_21,"The art style in the game is great...a master peice in it's own right. The gameplay is fun is short burts. It get's a little repeative after a while. The story is random and kind of all over the place. It's a dream so it makes sense in it's own way, but good like trying to make sence of it all. In the end it was a good game, probley pick it up when it's on sale. I wouldn't pay full price. It's a little short for $14.99 I beleive.. 3 out of 5."
,Recommended,253330,13097719,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Nozombi,"A horror story about being a boy with asthma.Creepy with a touch of gory (and a lot of Gorey). A walking simulator; the game's extremely short length works in its favor as the ""gameplay"" will feel more and more tedious the longer one plays. Nonetheless the creepy atmosphere made successful by the beautifully detailed art, use of darkness and color, and ambient background soundtrack allow this game to provide an uncommon horror experience.It's a shame that the interaction is so minimal. Portraits, for example, are disappointing and meaningless; the majority of which hold no relevance to the game's story.* One cannot help but see lost opportunity to delve deeper into the protagonist's psyche and further expand his backstory, as well as that of his sister, such as through the use of written notes or diary entries, though such would destroy the silent narrative that may have been intended by the developer. However, having unlocked all of the endings and viewing the Final Descent ending, the narrative is perfect, and it's possible that any extra written dialogue would have taken away from the mystery of the conclusion.Though the atmosphere is what's considered the highlight of the game, the true highlight is the art. The imagery is delightfully creepy and impressively detailed.*Because they were Kickstarter rewards."
,Recommended,253330,12292449,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,"Really really enjoying this game. when you play you can either take it as a straight psychological horror, an art game or you can do as I have and question the meaning behind it. whatever way you play you will find something about this gme that will appeal to you.The art style reminds me of when I was a kid and you would mostly see the style in books such as Alices adventures in Wonderland or the little vampire etc. it serves to take you back to your childhood and the horror is rather more intense as a result.I recommend that you check this game out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC-lUovt68A"
76561198015052431,Recommended,253330,12588787,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Alan,"You should definite read the developers comments before buying this game - it's more artwork than a game per se, but it's good at achieving its intended effects.  I enjoyed it, though for the length of the game I'd quibble about the price tag.I'd put this as a ""hesitant recommendation""."
,Recommended,253330,23411100,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,savycakes,Wonderfully creepy/scary game. I had a couple of jump scares. Art was fantastic. Lots of plot twists. Recommended to all of my friends.
76561197975744566,Recommended,253330,22655448,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Bustrod,"While not exciting or action packed, Creepy is this games middle name...Neverending 'Creepy' Nightmare...I haven't had a game/movie/book creep me out like this in a LOOOOOONG time.If you like a tense experience, without having to rely on your reflexes, this is the game for you.CREEPY! CREEPY! CREEPY!Did I mention CREPPY?"
,Not Recommended,253330,17334802,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Janne Julius,"Neverending Nightmare has a subtle, dark atmosphere. What it doesn't have is context.And this is the main problem I am seeing in this game. When it starts, you see impressive visuals and amazing soundtrack by Skyler McGlothin. And it works great - in Neverending Nightmare darkness is scary, not because of what you see or hear, but what you think you see or hear. The game's description tells us that 'a dynamic lighting system gives the ever present darkness a character of its own'. This is spot on. Developers were able to replicate that feeling, when you walk in darkness and start to see silhouettes in your furniture and you feel disturbed.But later on it all goes away - when the plot only starts, it is wrapped in mystery, yet as it unravels... wait, it actually doesn't. The plot is weak. And when you have a horror game it is not music or art style , which fuel the plot to make it stronger. It is the other way - the plot gives context to all 'scary' things to make them matter.  Otherwise,  it is just an equivalent  to a person who makes silly faces while jumping out of a corner.Neverending Nightmares is stated to be 'a psychological horror game inspired by the developer's (Matt Gilgenbach, creative director of Infinitap Games) actual battle with mental illness'. Yet it doesn't feel like it. It indeed has adistinguished feeling of crushing darkness, of somebody watching you from behind, but you can’t base your whole horror game on 'that feeling, when I go to toilet at night and it is kinda creepy'. Mr. Gilgenbach also wrote a novel 'Deconstruction' which dealt with the same personal problems of his. I didn't read it, so I can't say what is the reason behind poor writing in N.N. - technical restrictions or just lack of ability.Continuing discussing problems within the plot, I want to address the issue of endings.  The game's page on Steam states that 'branching narrative features 3 completely different endings'. And this is true - endings are completely different, I would even say that they have no connection to each other or what we have seen previously in the game. There are symbolic elements which, combined, must give us a complete picture of what was going on, yet when these elements must apply to different meanings, we get a mess. Each ending can point at something which was previously in the game and say 'these things led you to this me'. Yet none of the endings can say that about every plot-element. And when you finish one branch, you start to re-play to get other endings , and you get bored, because they doesn't differ that much in their scenery and gameplay.By the way, about gameplay - it is primitive. The only thing you do is just basically go forward and avoid monsters, which becomes boring fast, because these monsters are very easy and one particular type shows too often and basically overstays its welcome.In conclusion I want to say that the game doesn't hold up to its great visuals and music. It doesn't have thought put in it and it will leave you disappointed.Currently Infinitap Games started a Kickstarter for their new game 'Devastated Dreams'. It already has a demo, so I checked it out and I saw 'Neverending Nightmare 2.0'. It is a polishing of what they did - it seems to be better in terms of setting and gameplay, its visual style has improved even more. Yet I don't have a feeling that they dealt with issues N.N. had, it doesn't feel like a next step. Right now I doubt that I will play D.D, but I hope I will be proven wrong, because there is a lot of talent in the dev-team."
,Recommended,253330,33343981,Posted: 7 July,all,SNK,"Love the artwork of the game, one of the reasons I bought it. The atmosphere created by the lack of color and use of black line-shading is great and is enhanced by the music/sound effects that are even better when using headphones. The story and the theme of the game are pretty engaging and keep you playing. The game is slow-paced in a way that makes it creepier with unexpected jump-scares."
,Recommended,253330,12718420,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MrRodgers117,"Im telling you, this is worth every single cent. It is short, unfortunately, which is a huge con. But the immersion, the atmosphere made me like the horror genre in which i never did! I LOVED this game and I have been trying to find similar horror games to it, but alas, with no luck.Its brilliant. Just buy it. Its also based on real experiences. So buy it."
76561198035155952,Not Recommended,253330,16814769,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Doctopus,"The main standout of Neverending Nightmares is the visuals and they look wonderful, but the game itself amounts to little more than walking left or right, which could be good if the scares made you wary of direction you were going in.All of the spooky stuff is pretty front loaded while the creatures have little variety so once you've seen each area's baddie once then that's about it. Naturally, you're supposed to play this game for its narrative which is perfectly fine, but the endings are really nothing more than usual horror ""it was a dream"" cliches or just generally feel pretty disconnected from the buildup.Neverending Nightmares would be a pretty rad picture book because as a game, there's not much going on."
,Recommended,253330,31980352,Posted: 26 May,all,Totoro,Pişt sen... Evet sen.. Piskolojin iyimi ? İçine etmeye ne dersin ?
,Recommended,253330,33102342,Posted: 1 July,all,EmFer,"I got surprised with this one! Also, this game as strong images, so think twice before you buy..."
76561198026913578,Not Recommended,253330,12738506,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,NicetL,It's simply not worth it at $15. There's not enough content. The game is intentionally repetitive to a point where it becomes boring very quickly. The ONLY mechanic that exists in the game is movement. It's just a really basic narrative that you walk through and occasionally feel a little creeped out by. This game is worth $5 max.
,Not Recommended,253330,12262879,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,daniel.uppsala,"The game was very, very slow and involved walking around in repeated scenery without anything happening. I felt I was tricked into paying too much money for this game by all the positive reviews."
,Recommended,253330,12248550,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Cloud,"Really good game. The experience is amazing and knowing that it was made of a ""reflection"" of the creator, it makes you think what he was put through. Sound effects are awesome so if you play with headphones and really high volume, you'll get the best of it.The only thing I'm sad is that I finished it in less than 90min. BUT we still have the option to choose the ""chapter"" to get different endings somehow.If you are looking for a realistic and horror story, I would recommend it for sure ! If you are more into play a horror game for the jumpscares and the duration of the game, you might think about it again because it is too short."
,Recommended,253330,17113387,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RPD_Hunter_482,Theres a baby who took too much steroids. Also this game is scary.
,Recommended,253330,22706435,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Psychopath,"""Neverending Nightmares"" is a pretty unusual and unic game. It represents mental state of the creator of this game who suffers from OMC syndrome. Every night he has terrible nightmares, he can't sleep and breathe properly and that is FOR REAL. It's actually pretty grim stuff. Makes you think how your mental health is important.In any case, this game literally puts you into the head of a person with serious mental issues. The music, graphics and the atmosphere of the game are really creepy. That, plus several well-placed jump-scares, make up the horror part of the game.The strory (if you are brave enough to call it a story) is absurd, but that's kinda the point.The gameplay is kinda repetitive, (mostly it's avoiding the monsters), but requires some thinking. Besides, you can beat the game in a couple of hours, so you won't be able to get bored.So that's it. I do recommend ""Neverending Nightmares"". Worth checking out, but this game is little bit overpriced, considering small amount of gameplay, so I advise to get it on sale."
76561198153638414,Not Recommended,253330,17151888,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Trup757,"When I first heard about this game, I was pretty excited to play it. I love a good horror game! But this game wasn't exactly scary as much as strange and a little bit disturbing.  If you are looking for any sort of story, I would not recommend this game. This game is basically one long walking simulator, only your character walks about as fast as a turtle (You do have the option to sprint, but your character can only sprint for about 5 seconds before doubling over to catch his breath.)So, If you're looking for a walking simulator that never seems to end (even though the average play time is only about 2 hours, it feels much longer) with some disturbing/confusing imagery mixed in, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,253330,17544430,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ReddPrism,"One is drowning in utterly terrifying  malicious  experiences. Neverending Nightmares is a  territory of ominous shadows and dolls with frozen smiles, you are then in an asylum overrun by cannibals in straight-jacketes with the devil  literally in the details!!!"
76561198072218356,Recommended,253330,12278384,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Thoolo,"Damn This Is a Good Game ! :OAwesome environment! ... Unique Art Style, Never before seen a game like this, although its a little small game, I VERY MUCH recommend it to Everyone who likes a very Unique experience, Not only with the horror and jumpscares, but also with it being a very psicological disturbing game, plus the way it tells the story :O ... No Words.Awesome Work Indie Community! .9.5/10"
,Recommended,253330,23300127,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Wayon Oransky (Ore-Ran-Ski),"This game was really great. Short, yes, but great. It still seems a bit weird, but i loved how it gave off that nightmare feel too it, which is a reason why i loved it. The character ran out of breath fast, but i guess everything went slow so i didnt need to run for a long time. But, this game was great."
,Recommended,253330,35234324,Posted: 26 September,all,Jemima,It's a really cool game.
,Recommended,253330,12715101,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Courbo,"This game is not your 6+ hour average title. This is more of a story rather than a game, so if you like story you should be decently satisfied with its dark overtones. The game has three different endings too so it has replay value along with achievements. The drawn look of the game really adds to unique atmosphere, like an haunted house game but with a darker setting throughout. Music in the game is very well done, always changing to the perfect moment within the story, along with the well done voices this game has a really solid atmosphere for a horror game.At the end of the game i was happy to see that they had a website for people who needed help with mental conditions, having friends and being one of those people made me feel like they cared for people who go through those experiences. Overall, a great experience with a memorable good story."
76561198058104074,Not Recommended,253330,35400472,Posted: 1 October,all,Natasshat,"It's literally a walking simulator through repetitive corridors. 95% of the game is just walking, which doesn't even have any purpose as the endings of the game is determined by the end-room (found after ~40minutes of walking because your character is asthmatic and can't run for more than 5 seconds). The monsters become more of a nuisance than they are scary after the 6th one you encounter; they also slow down your progression of walking through the corridors. You're better off watching the endings and story on Youtube than wasting hours just walking (which is the entire ""gameplay"")."
,Recommended,253330,21394339,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Italian,"Neverending Nightmares é um game de terror bem bacana, sonora maravilhosa, um visual preto/branco dando destaque para o vermelho do terror.Recomendo o game, ambientação e desenhos super bem feitos.Só não vai fazer xixi na cama."
,Recommended,253330,12338860,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MNSS,"Strange, sometimes frightening, but not devoid of charm.The game is a strange promise, and a strange outcome.8 of 10 caps"
,Not Recommended,253330,19451027,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bica,"Alright, this is quite a painfull review for me because i did have high expectations for this game, it starts off brilliant, good pacing, interesting visuals, an iteresting level of gore and the soundtrack, god it does grate on your nerves and achieves both a sense of unease and oppression like i have seldom seen before, but sadly, soon the game spirals into it's own repetitiveness, i can understand the setting and context but it soon ceased to be pacing to be just plain boring, and seriously, how many dead women are you going to drop out of the sky? one is unnerving, two might be trying too hard and by the third i'm more worried about getting an umbrella than actually afraid"
,Not Recommended,253330,12305362,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lamb,"I'll be honest, here. I did -not- enjoy this game.The cons were, of course. The atmosphere and perfect sound design. This game even comes with a special headset-only mode to really make you question your sanity. Mix this in with an interesting art design and you have a good start.However, I find myself not scared. But bored. The game is filled with many rooms, about sixty percent of those pointless. I had many mockery names popping up in my head as I entered room after eventless room. Eventually hoping to find that ONE room to bring me to the next set of rooms.. These names were names such as Walking simulator. Room simulator. Didn't-I-Just-Enter-This-Room-A-Second-Ago Simulator.The game has three endings, strung together in a few paths that you can take through your playthrough. I did not find myself eager enough to replay this, thus I've decided to watch the other two endings on youtube. I assumed that what I had gotten was the ''Good ending''. But, interestingly enough. I found the bad ending so much more interesting, and to an extent, the scariest part of this whole game. I understand that pacing is an obvious thing to have in horror games, but this was simply: Hey! You ♥♥♥♥ed up! Now let's show you what we've had a kickstarter for!"
76561198365293935,Recommended,253330,33457995,Posted: 11 July,all,Gawain,This game is so good that.....I don't even want to open it for the second timeBecause it is so scary
76561198067177643,Recommended,253330,12416922,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sparks,"Bom jogo, levei alguns sustos! =D e tem três tipos de final!"
76561197976721810,Not Recommended,253330,12506747,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Fred Lobster,"Neverending Nightmares is a hard game to give a less-than-glowing review to, considering that the guy who put it together apparently crammed a lot of his personal experience with very, very bad mental states into it. Eventually all the symbolism clicks into place, all the confused narrative suddenly becomes coherent, and you immediately gain a whole hell of a lot empathy for our poor impotent protagonist. Unfortunately, along the way to that glorious, agonizing trio of endings you have to put up with the game itself, and that's not nearly as enjoyable a prospect as I'd hoped.In NN, you play a man named Thomas who wakes up with a start in his bed, only to find as he explores his home that all is not well. The decor is decidedly morbid, the furniture dusty and broken, the house itself in a dangerous state of disrepair. You walk the familiar halls, and then you notice the blood. Drips and drabs, usually, but in places great spatters, and then you see the meat, hear the crying, and then you find Gabbie, except she's dead, a knife in her belly in a clear suicide, but that's not right, you did it, you stabbed her, but that's not right, she's fine, Gabbie's not dAnd then you wake up, and you get out of bed. But as you explore your home you find that all is not well.The concept here is fantastic, and it's executed wonderfully when you first set out. The artwork is the most obvious strength; pretty much every inch of design is dripping with Edward Gorey influence, and who better to illustrate dismembered children than the master? Just as critical is the sound work. While perhaps not so unearthly and unsettling as the audio in the Silent Hill series, NN's whispers and screams can definitely get under one's skin from time to time. I strongly recommend playing with a good set of headphones in the dark, as maintaining atmosphere is critical to enjoying the game... which is sadly something it's really bad at helping you along with.As good as the artwork may be, the fine people at Infinitap really, really wanted to hammer home a sense of obsessive-compulsive disorder to go along with the suicidal depression themes. Faithful to that goal, the artwork is recycled to an excruciating degree. The first time you see a maimed toy soldier or cracked doll girl staring at you with dead eyes, you can appreciate it. The hundredth time it happens in a single hour of game play, you're filtering it out. The same goes for the ghastly portraiture, the spider webs, the blood spatters, the intestines... For a good portion of the game, you feel less like you're wandering through a carefully crafted diorama of mental anguish and more like you're stuck in some random number generator's attempt at gore-horror. Eventually the repetition gets the desired effect across, and I applaud the intent here, but until it actually works you're simply annoyed by it all.Other fumbles are less easily blamed on design philosophy. The gameplay takes a massive chunk out of any sense of immersion for a few reasons. First off, your controls are extremely simple: you can walk around, run for short lengths of time, or examine objects. With such a bare bones control set, the game tries to make you feel like you're actually playing something the only way it knows how: through really bad stealth action. 90% of the game is spent simply traveling further and further into horrible places, but every now and then monsters are thrown at you, and you must bypass them using terribly unoriginal stealth tricks, such as hiding in a closet or timing your movement so you never get close enough to notice. Used in moderation, adversaries could have greatly improved the general sense of anxiety you're supposed to be feeling, but instead they just make you remember that you're playing a video game and this is yet another obstacle to bypass.Examining your environment is even worse. Any time you find an object you can look closer at, it'll be colored, unlike the all black-and-white background of everything else. Doing so really accomplishes nothing; usually you just see more spookily arranged dolls, unsettling bits of meat, or horribly murdered loved ones, and all of those get caught up in your repetition filter real fast. Every now and then they throw in a sassy jump scare, but those don't contribute too much in the end. On top of that, the game suffers a bit from overzealous Kickstarter Love. Donators who gave above a certain threshold got to have their faces immortalized in game, in the form of large portraits you come across every so often. Initially, I thought these characters would be story-related in some way, family members that were influential on the developer's life or key villains to be discovered down the line. Nope. They're just a bunch of very nice people who gave a lot of money to this man to make a game. And that's fine, that's all well and good, but it tears you even further out of the sense of immersion, and by that point you're noticing the awkward animations, and you're sick of the protagonist's pitiful endurance for running, and you're wondering why you're even playing.It took me much longer to finish Neverending Nightmares than I expected it to, simply because it sapped my motivation hard about halfway through. Upon beating it, I only dug up the remaining endings out of some sense of obligation to do so before reviewing it, and I am extremely grateful I did so, even if I needed the help of a walkthrough to find any of the other endings. When all is said and done, NN is a hell of a narrative that gets the sense of a man's agony across quite well, but its many flaws can't be ignored. A stunning last act can win over an ugly crowd, but only until they stop afterwards and think about all the complaints they had along the way and all the pieces that never quite fit. I applaud Infinitap Games for putting this together, and I know a good number of people who might eventually appreciate playing this, but in the end I just can't say the experience added up to a good game."
,Not Recommended,253330,18928353,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,VivaFever,"No, my friend, don't buy this game. NO.This game is not really horror game, just a walking simulator with jumpscare.Whatever you do, just keep walking, you will walk till the end of game.Yeah of cuz, sometimes, they will chase you and you need to run a bit, but that is all.No story telling, No background story, just crazy nightmare.You will play it to the end of the game but still questioning yourself for what the ♥♥♥♥ you just played."
76561198027286594,Recommended,253330,14434730,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Coop Dog Willy,"An amazing experience and now possibly my favorite horror game of all time. A great sense of atmosphere and the soundtrack is incredible. Graphic imagery and art style keep your attention throughout the game. I genuinely can't think of a single thing this game didn't do to inspire dread, fear and create the possibility for genuine nightmares of my own.In a genre bursting with cheap and tacky scares this game for me is an example of what it means to deliver a genuinely terryfing horror experience."
76561197989185431,Recommended,253330,12698737,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Plead the 2nd,"Games pretty spooky man, slow paced with a strong atmosphere and a lot of solid scares that feel genuine and not just cheap monster closet/jump scares. The art design is excellent, the enemies are scary and while they are pretty much puzzles rather than enemies they still managed to make you nervous. Main flaws are the voice acting (mitigated by the fact that there is not a lot of talking), one or two 'puzzles' (i.e. enemies to get by) that are a bit trial and error and short length (there is replayability though). Over all a solid pick for the Halloween season."
,Recommended,253330,16507318,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vamyx,It takes forever to finish the game but it's definitely worth the time! :3
,Recommended,253330,13487986,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sausage Mahoney,"Honestly, I went into this game thinking it wasn't going to be awesome.... the game was simple, in a good way, the scares were genuine and overall I had fun and my stream had fun.9/10This game has several different endings, which in my opinion shows creativity and adds to the replayablility ability. If you get the chance read more about the dev and his struggles with depression, which led to the game."
,Recommended,253330,14021590,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,xsubtownerx,"The one thing that really stuck out the most about this game (for me) was the sound. Both music and effects alike were so well done that I was blown away at certain moments. The pacing and timing was spot on, creating a really exciting and creepy atmosphere. Of course the game in general was a fun experience (and creepy), but I don't think it would have been the same without the well crafted music and sounds. One thing to note, the game is short. I personally think the price tag is a little high but this is completely subjective. The game is certainly worth playing.http://youtu.be/b4b6VuDLjl0"
76561198098229578,Recommended,253330,12439671,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BadlyDrawnFox,"The only problem that I have with this game is that the nightmare ends all too soon.Whilst I was under no illusions that this game would in fact offer Neverending Nightmares as is suggested by the title, I was still dissapointed to realise just how quickly the game would run it's course. The game only lasts around 4 hours, including a replay of the alternative sections which aren't accessible in the first play through, and for the better part of £11, I felt the price was quite steep for the limited play time.Having said all of the above, the games style and gameplay really did win me over and the use of colour shading and shadows really does make this game. I am recommending this game as I really did enjoy the experience, but would recommend using some caution if buying it at full price."
76561198105623476,Recommended,253330,18448269,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,rip-van-tinkle,"This is an incredibly unique horror game. It uses a weird art style along with a creepy ambience to give off an unsettling atmosphere. It's linear and short, but as a horror game, it will certaintly scare you."
,Recommended,253330,25846009,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Beutimus,"The music and ambience of this game is top notch! It felt like a long game, even though I got all the achievements in 4 hours. Definitely a scary experience and well worth the money!"
76561197969875942,Recommended,253330,26761982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dvine,"I like the mental health theme that's why I got it, however it is very short, and the graphics are just some sort  of pen drawings they do the job of conveying the gloomy mood but aren't amazing, ugly even. The dark ambient soundtrack is awesome tho. I like short games, makes me feel I'm getting somewhere with my huge Steam backlog :D but even the budget price is a bit much for what you get here, so I'd say only buy if you can get a good sale, or are really very interested in the theme.Neverending Nightmares, my first impression video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPBvlUW0k3Y22:09 Cracked bridal doll.28:00 Hydrotherapy.32:12 Getting killed by patient."
,Recommended,253330,32740257,Posted: 24 June,all,FerusTheGuilty,"Ten minutes in and I'm already feeling really uneasy.Nothing much to say about the controls. They're simple enough to where you don't have to stop and check the menu to make sure you're doing everything correctly.Graphics seem simple and haven't experienced any problems.I haven't experienced any problems or glitches.This is more of an interactive walking simulator, but is still able to remain interesting by keeping your attention with strange interactions and horrific visuals."
,Recommended,253330,33006087,Posted: 29 June,all,Orchid,Turned that♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I found out I could hide inside a closet...I'll go back to it later I swear..tenouttaten would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198013865579,Recommended,253330,12617377,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,nilen435,"Awesome atmosphere!!! Not always that scary but just the atmosphere realy draws you in. Think a few parts draws on for to long. It is a bit short, but having it longer would not have made the game better in my opinion. The lengh is just as long it needs to be."
,Recommended,253330,34428304,Posted: 22 August,all,SegwaySteve,"This game is getting a recommendation from me...simply because of the atmosphere. The story, isn't bad, but it also isn't something entirely unique. It took me a little less than two hours to complete the main storyline, there's tree altogether. Be prepared for a lot of walking.On that note, this is a purest form of a walking simulator with horror elements. Most of the scares come in the form of jumpscares, and before the patterns reveal themselves, ominous background sounds. On the aspect of immersion, very well done. At some points the path became so repetitive, I thought it would never end and turned into a mini nightmare. More one that turned my face into a dull poker face meme of glassy eyed contempt than outright fear, but said immersion is enough to make me recommend it.If you have a couple hours and want to wander around in black environment with splashes of color and creepy text, totally go for it. However, buying the game on sale is advisable due to the aforementioned length of play and comments. $14.99 is a little steep for this.All things considered, it's not a terrible, it just isn't something that particularly made me say ""wow"" throughout the entire game. Yes, that's me admitting that at the start, I was genuinely impressed. With that in mind, I do hope Infinitap takes feedback from the reviews for ""Neverending Nightmares"" and gives it another go sometime in the future."
76561198006917357,Recommended,253330,34224896,Posted: 13 August,all,Duke MathMagic Land,Beautiful.
,Recommended,253330,14586147,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,HJ,"Good game, relatively scary and creepy but I got used to it rather quickly. Has some graphic and disturbing scenes but not that many. Doesn't really have screamers but it does have surprirses. Game's roughly 2 hours if you want to see all three endings and get through all branching paths (there's two paths to one ending but you need to get to its chapter by two different ways for an achievement).Bad things are:Your character moves rather slow even if environment is bright.Despite character's appearance he can't run more than 3 meters without having to stop and catch breath.There's a lot of dead end rooms. It wouldn't be bad if character was a little faster."
76561198085731741,Recommended,253330,29403578,Posted: 21 January,all,Budai,This game is realy good. Everybody who want a fast gameplay with a lot of jumpscares and fast movement should not play this. This game has a good story und you should look for the details. I think many people dont realize the connection of the story and the whol leveldesign.I would play more of this games.
76561198065638436,Not Recommended,253330,16193912,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Superstar Cole,Its a pretty good creepy game but Its only 1 hour long... 15$ for an hour of gameplay? No thanks i beat it in 100 min but only because i got stuck on how to get past an enemy when it wasnt that hard to figure out... but ya i wouldnt reccomend buying this game unless its on sale for 5$
76561198074392713,Not Recommended,253330,34446064,Posted: 23 August,all,Mac_CZ,"It's quite short, but still much longer than it should be. Starts as interesting and finishes as boring."
,Recommended,253330,15459467,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Iyamtebist,"Quite simply put, this game excells in its atmosphere and in terms of subtlety, an aspect that is lacking in most games nowadays, especially horror titles. There is very little jump scares involved in the game and the few that are involved in ways that fit the atmosphere of the game. The imagery is frightening (and gets pretty disturbing at points), the subject matter gets incredibly dark, the audio presentation is amazing, and the story manages to be abstracxt enough to get your own interpretation, yet clear enough so that you can be entertained by what you are seeing. It is a game that rewards thought, which is a rare aspect of stories in games.There are only a few complaints I have, the first being that, while the art style is well drawn and adds to the atmosphere, I found there to be a slight bit of eye strain due to the amounts of small lines of various different monochrome shades that represent the darkness, which tends to just look incredibly awful in motion, which is even worse due to the flickering when the screen moves, so you may want to pass on this if you have especially sensitive eyes.The other being that the game is kind of simplistic gameplay wise, and you spend most of the time just walking left or right, while occasionally trying to figure out how to slip by an enemy, which is in a rather simplistic way each time. The game is also light on content and can be beaten in about 4 hours, although it can be a bit longer if you take your time. Overall though, I highly reccomend this game. It really knows how to handle horror and atmosphere incredibly well and is one of the most underrated games of 2014.Full Review Herehttp://www.gamefaqs.com/PC/730261-neverending-nightmares/reviews/160582"
,Recommended,253330,13482530,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,A well made horror game with great atmosphere and good gameplay.
,Recommended,253330,14472265,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MyOwnMilitia,Helped me get over my fear of grayscale10/10
,Recommended,253330,13463800,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Uncle Touchy,"If you're looking for action, look elsewhere. If you're looking for extremely well done psychological and atmospheric horror, look no further. The art style and sound in this game are just amazing and warrant your money alone. This game is a real gem in an otherwise mostly stagnate genre. It's a short, but sweet, ride and I can't reccomend it enough."
76561198062406866,Recommended,253330,13493070,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,K.O.,"I am so happy that there are games like this! I have always struggled with disturbing nightmares that I have just learnt to live with so this game wasn't scary, creepy or horrific to me; it was more like ""I can completely relate to/ understand that"".  An enjoyable and creative game! I will be looking out for more Infinitap games!"
,Recommended,253330,13632811,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Doc,"An interesting game that looks into mental illness through a horror lense. The game's story is fairly vague in an effective way, letting you piece together it's nightmarish narrative by yourself. The horror elements are quite effective, and it rarely uses the same trick more than a couple of times to scare you. The sound design and art design are the real meat and potatoes of this game's positive side, as they stand out among all other aspects. The stills of this game don't do it justice, the way the Sharpee-like style animates is much more effective in motion.The game is over quick, with a few branching paths to make you reinvestigate it, but overall it's definitely worth a playthrough or two."
76561198217540307,Recommended,253330,28936297,Posted: 2 January,all,Kawaii,Simple but fun horror game
,Not Recommended,253330,33957728,Posted: 1 August,all,netsurferx,"To long, tedious and repetative; no real coherent storyline, elements of horror forseeable and stale;also freaking hell, I get winded when sprinting 4 meters from one door to the next..."
,Recommended,253330,13494430,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,VAC.sh | ghost668,Not a horror game in the same sense as Amnesia:TDD or Outlast but more psychological. The atmosphere of the game and revealing the unknown behind a dark corner is what makes this game so chilling. No jumpscares.10/10 worth the buy
,Recommended,253330,33403885,Posted: 9 July,all,Buszu,"It has almost met my really high expectations. Why almost? Let me explain.From the beginning I had a feeling of playing an extraordinary horror game, so different than the most indie titles in this genre. While gamers are flooded with enormous amount of Amnesia, Slender and Outlast-like games, Neverending Nightmares manages to successfully set Silent Hill as an inspiration.That kind of fear combined with fantastic, hand-drawn graphics creates an image of an extremely creepy and terrifying experience for the first 30 minutes. What happens next?In order to get rid of boredom game makes us confront and eventually avoid (Thomas is unarmed) several kinds of enemies. Unfortunately, some of these parts are pretty repetitive and aren't designed as well as the others which, ironically, can lead to boredom.Fortunately, flaws mentioned above relate to the middle part of the game (at least I have lost the interest after something about 40 minutes and had to take a break). The beginning is terrifying and the end is even more creepy. The whole ending made me actually forget about any disadvantages that came to my mind earlier.Highly recommendable."
,Not Recommended,253330,18402497,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ZeeDDD65,"You know, nothing tastes quite as bad as bad horror. I bought this game expecting a psychological trip, like, the mind games of Amnesia The Dark Descent, or the experience of emotional tension beside all the survival horror like Silent Hill 2, but instead what I found in Neverending Nightmares is simply every trick we've already seen in the horror genre (be it movie, novel, or video game) amplified with buckets of blood and dark ambient noises to make your time playing this as experientially unpleasant as possible. I understand that in order to be scary, an artist needs to show you something to break comfort zones and unnerve you into paying attention, but here the designers seemed to just overload you with everything that tempts you NOT to pay attention: Good God, I mean, you see some of the most overtly disturbing sights and sounds I've ever found in a game here, all in that Edward Gorey-esque art style, for no insightful meaning other than to promote awareness for mental illness-- as made evident from a message in the credits. While I can see how there are people out there that can enjoy this -- be it for the sociopolitical issue of mental health awareness or the jump-out scares that will surely spawn some funny Let's Play videos-- I cannot recommend this simply due to how uncreative and tasteless the creators' sense of ""horror"" is. To me, Neverending Nightmares is hardly any different than a very drawn-out version of those mazes where the Exorcist face pops up."
76561198041952197,Not Recommended,253330,18778016,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,unplay,"Well, first things first: yes, it spooked me. Is it worth of 14,99€? Nope.You see my playtime? That's how much it took me to beat the game with one of the three endings. It's a really short game, and I'm not really into playing it two times again to try to figure out how to get the other endings, since the story isn't very rich in my opinion. The game mostly is just about walking around, but this isn't a bad case since the enviroments are creepy and constant feeling of threat is in presence. Also the soundtrack/ambience is well done and keep you on the edge. Even though it succeeds in what there is to offer, I still have to say 14,99€ price tag is way too much asked. It's worth of picking up if you see it on sale tho.Tldr: If you aren't into replaying, the game is too short for its normal price tag, even though it manages to be spooky."
,Not Recommended,253330,18140242,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Gulgari,"This game seems like it had a lot of potential, but it just didn't cut it. There are a few parts in this game where you would see something that is pretty creepy, but all-in-all it wasn't that even that bad. Much of the time you are wandering aimlessly through hallways that use the same objects and environment over and over again. About halfway through the game I got sick of seeing the same... old.. thing.One thing this game definitely is NOT is scary. Like I said, there are a few parts where it has something a little creepy but that's it. I think they could have done a much better job with the game.I bought it on sale for $5, and... wasn't worth it."
,Recommended,253330,13954268,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,cyberdelika,"Unnerving. Utterly unnerving, but I think that's the point."
,Recommended,253330,12266336,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,The Squidtopus,"I played this at PAX about a year ago and was blown away by the art style, sound design, and core concept (using horror as an expression of mental illness). Playing the full game now, I was not disappointed. Neverending Nightmares is relentlessly intense, packed to the brim with subtle scares and leaves you with a feeling of twisted curiosity and deep thinking that most horror games simply don't achieve. This game serves as a testament to focus in a game being crucial to its success (the only controls in this game are movement and an interact key), and with this unwavering dedication to a horror experience it ends up being one of the greatest horror games I've played not just in recent memory, but that I've ever played. It's simply a must play for anyone who loves the horror genre or gaming experiences in general."
76561198072182182,Recommended,253330,12279268,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Neverending Nightmares does a fine job of capturing the shifting scenery and helpless dread of nightmares, and it does so with only a handful of actual monsters -- the real horror comes from the gorgeous, Edward Gorey-esque artwork and the rich audio, which work together to mount a terrifying tension.  The ending levels are quite different depending on which path you choose, making it worthwhile to achieve all three endings.I do have a few minor complaints.  For $14 I expected the game to be at least 5-6 hours, and I would have liked to have seen more environmental variation and more object interaction.  Additionally, I would have preferred a little more meat on the narrative.  I do understand that all of this would have been quite a tall order for such a beautifully hand-drawn (and atmosphere-focused) indie as Neverending Nightmares.  As it is, the game is a terrific bit of interactive horror and I would love to see Gilgenbach do another, perhaps longer and more involved, game in the same style."
,Not Recommended,253330,12309368,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Beas Meeply,"I appreciate the fact that someone made this. The art and audio are great, but the pacing is far, far too slow to evoke anything but boredom and punctuated by brief jump scares. I get a sense of dread when I feel like I could run into something terrible at any moment. When the answer to ""what's around that corner?"" is ""nothin'"" 95% of the time, the dread breaks down a little.I can see what they were going for -- I've had night terrors where I wandered through endless houses that felt familiar, but in those nightmares I've never thought to myself ""this is a really long stairway"" or ""yeah, you are a real scary blood dude"".I played 45 minutes, read that it was an hour and a half long, and despaired that I was only halfway through. Don't think I'll be coming back to finish."
76561198050604172,Recommended,253330,19452032,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,I Pass Butter,"Jesus Christ. I had to stop playing pretty quickly to avoid nightmares. I'll never be able to claw some of that imagery from my mind. I'd describe it, but that would lessen it's impact and I get some satisfaction from thinking others will be as haunted by it as I am."
,Not Recommended,253330,18184645,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Zombine,Walking simulator that prevents you from running because of main's protagonist problem with asthma.
76561198115943850,Not Recommended,253330,29191066,Posted: 11 January,all,DarthVaris,"Honestly, as someone who has played a good number of horror games (including point and clicks and walking simulators) I find Neverending Nightmare to truly just be boring. I enjoy a game that does not spoon feed you lore and story (such as Dark Souls or Layers of Fear) but this story is either underdeveloped or so intentionally misleading and vague that I'm left without the slightest inkling of what is going on or what/why I am doing what I am doing. This game truly is a Neverending Nightmare (that was a little harsh but I like the play on words)."
,Not Recommended,253330,12334141,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,gamer_dave,"If I have to pick yes or no in terms of recommending this game, I'd pick no for the average player and give some details on the actual game to anyone who I think might enjoy it.Like most of the negative reviews, I think the art and sound design are amazing, though I did sometimes get put-off by the awkward faked animation on everything.  I'd definitely suggest headphones to anyone who does end up playing, because even the sparse soundtrack is great.  It's just great horror, aesthetically.The problems begin when you start to learn the games tricks: nothing matters, there aren't puzzles, just walk, if you die you come back very close by.  At that point, I lost interest in the gameplay itself.  A lot of the areas drag on too, and when you start to see the same things over and over and different items rearranged in different rooms, you begin to feel like your time is being wasted and disrespected.  When you walk down the same hall five times before you see anything new, you become frustrated.  It sucks.I beat the game and tried to go back to try for another ending, and at that point I knew more than just what the game could do, but what it actually WOULD do to me, and all semblance of tension or fun was lost from there, even as I experienced the new content.If you're looking for a new type of horror experience and you've got fifteen bucks burning a hole in your pocket, get this, for sure.  Everyone else, be wary."
,Not Recommended,253330,12795140,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SpectreNihlus,"It was alright, but not worth the amount of money i paid for it."
76561197972302670,Recommended,253330,12248300,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kael,"A games goal is create emotion, and Neverending Nightmares does a great job of that. Where other games may focus on feelings of triumph and accomplishment, Neverending Nightmares is about horror in a very creepy and personal way. It is unsettling. The type of game oyu want to play in the dark, and after you are done you want to run and get your friends to try it out."
,Not Recommended,253330,12267412,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit: I heard this game cost 100K to produce. For those of you that own the game, is this shocking?Ok I have a lot to say about this game. I like these creepy indie titles - this reminded me of Knock-Knock so I was all about it. Basically, you just roam around a series of rooms trying to find the right way (ultimately this game is quite linear path-wise). Can't find the right way? No problem, just manage to die and the game will start you very close to where you messed up (I was actually thankful for this mechanic many times because I certainly didn't want to repeat the random journey I just took). You roam around until you hopefully find a point where some bizarre little story moment takes place. This is seriously just a series of random nightmares, which leaves little for story room. Nothing *really* makes sense here (I mean we can theorize, but who knows).The art is top notch except a few little glitches (why does a light go on when you turn down a perpendicular hallway? Or why does the shading glitch out when you go through a door? -I look past most of this, but just for noting). Honestly, having the blood being actual color red with everything else black-and-white has also been done a million times before. It was cool the first couple times, but is now just cliche. The music and ambience is certainly creepy, and I am sure is awesome with headphones (I played with a group most of the time). My main problem lies in that there was nothing to figure out. No strategy or puzzle or game really. To be straight I am totally fine if it is just an experience, but this really wasn't that (I love Dear Esther, Gone Home, etc.). I played through to one ending, and only encountered two 'enemy' types that were both lame and frustrating. They were both stock 'walking  towers' that seem to have been added so it had a 'game' element. The running mechanic was also funny because that freakin' kid cannot even run half the length of the screen without weezing for his life lol.Ultimately, I wanted to feel connected to this game - it sure seems like a lot of love and care was put into building it. The whole time I just found myself wandering aimlessly around a house trying to find trigger points for the next cutscene. I think this title is worth $5 but not much more. I may play through to see one more ending, but I will certainly not get 10 or 15 hours (for $10 [on sale]) out of this."
,Recommended,253330,12390224,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,i like viceroy's,Just great game. 9/10-1 for short locations
,Recommended,253330,13516092,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GAWMan,This game made me feel really depressed. If that's your kind of thing then be my guest and buy it.
,Recommended,253330,16042629,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gefy Has A Peanut | trade.tf,"Wow! I still haven't finished this game but I find that it is simply amazing! It has that one thing that makes horror games perfect: atmosphere. The fact that you have no weapons adds to the scare. overall, i think this game is well worth the money! Thank u infinitap games for making this the best gaming experience since FNaF3!"
,Recommended,253330,12757028,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mycroftian,"Not great, but a pretty decent horror romp. The actual scares get very repetitive towards the end as you go through the same rooms and encounter the same enemies over and over and over again. Locations and enemies are unfortunately fairly stock: creepy old mansion, run down asylum, mutilated inmates, living dolls, etc... A few times the enemies actually managed to frighten me, but they were mostly predictable. This game is a fine example of why repetition can ruin horror. All that being said, the audio and visual design save this game from being completely mediocre. The sound in the game reminded me very much of Eternal Darkness, setting the mood of a rapidly shifting nightmare scape very effectively. And the hand drawn, line heavy art style is fantastic. Overall, I'd say it's worth your time, but try to pick it up during a sale."
,Recommended,253330,12815502,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Robinotta,"Not the most fun horror game out there but it is nonetheless interesting. It's basically a game revolved around experiencing ones psychological horrors. The nightmares become much more deeper and darker as you progress through. Creepy yet disturbing imagery will pop out throughout as you progress through the nightmares.Some can easily dismiss this game because of it's gameplay but rather it's the unique atmosphere and horror experience that makes this game quite fascinating. You can feel the creators struggle, sometimes you just want to wake up from a long sinister nightmare.I also go this game when it was around $5, so I'm not really complaining about price, but I do recommend getting it when it's on sale."
76561198102930108,Recommended,253330,12809996,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,fucky the clown,"it's rare that a game described as ""dreamlike"" actually turns out to be dreamlike - terrifying, incomprehensible, multilayered and obtuse. neverending nightmares is one of those games, and it's beautiful."
76561198024315014,Recommended,253330,12282923,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,MRBOWNEMESIS2,"Buy this game when is on discount...PRO:-The Grapichs-The Atmosphere-The audio (expecially with headphones)-Multiple finalNEGATIVE:-The Duration (About 90 minutes for the first play, then i think for see the last 2 final you just start for the capter when you can chose the path).-You have to always deal with the same enemies.-Not so many jumpscare/really scary moment."
76561198155595316,Recommended,253330,12289322,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jeremy988282,"I played Neverending Nightmares the second it was available to download.  There's both good and bad about this game.  However I feel like ultimately the good outweighs the bad.  The concept of this game is completely original in my opinion.  The style, artwork, music, sound effects, and plot are great.  However the only thing bad is the game is extremely short.  I finished the game in less than 3 hours.  There are 3 very different endings however so you'll have to play through it a few times to get them all.  Also the price obviously is steep for a game that you can beat in a short amount of time."
76561198105577776,Recommended,253330,12266905,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SCP 49,this game is very good i got scared the hell out of me almost all the time and i got all 3 endings and a doll was playing tug a war with my intestines so thats some thing :P
,Recommended,253330,12276804,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Toastalicious,3spoopy5me
76561198053211170,Recommended,253330,12281028,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hotheman,Good horror game. the game was only 2hr long but still a good game
76561198091747109,Recommended,253330,12293077,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ralvinski,"I've rarely seen a game start off so stellar, then nosedive. and then suddenly be over before it barely got underway. The first half is the most eerie gaming experience I've ever had—despite the abstract artstyle—to the point where I had to shut it off and calm myself down after just 5 minutes. The atmosphere is so well done that the game is worth recommending. Just. The game then changes locale and suddenly swaps out atmosphere for tedious, repetitive scenarios where all you do is elude zombie-type creatures, while you rely mostly on trial-and-error and the frustratingly slow pace of your character, who is exhausted after 5 seconds of sprinting. And then the game is suddenly over— after maybe 1 hour of play. The few interactive items in the game that seemed like maybe pieces to a puzzle, or a secret to unravel (mostly framed portraits) appear to be just things for you to pointlessly look at.To be honest I felt cheated paying what is the equivalent of $17 for this. Grab it during Summer Sale if it's there for like $5 just to experience the remarkably well done opening act, but this game feels like the developer(s) got lazy in a hurry."
76561198032868008,Recommended,253330,12275967,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LL,"Disturbingly fascinating, delves deep into the mindset of broken mental states.Not for the light of heart.Not too many Jumpscares but places them well to enhance the effect.8/10"
76561197997506993,Recommended,253330,12316559,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Charha,"Neverending Nightmares is a refreshing psychological horror game. At first the artwork looks a bit rough and childlike, but in the end that's exactly what made the game so chilling. I also enjoyed the balance between gradual tension building and creative jump scares.Considering that there's nothing much you can do in this game other than walk around (and avoid a few monsters), the game is surprisingly entertaining. I got to the end credits pretty much at the point I felt that the game had started repeating itself. It takes a couple of hours to play through the game, but the story branches and there's some replay value.If you enjoy your creepypastas and don't mind the rustic charm of simple home baked games, you might want to grab this when it's on sale."
,Recommended,253330,25121982,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WHITE SCAR,"Finished game in one sitting. Gotta love the artworx and the pure story driven mechanism i.e you don't need to pick up lot o things for your inventory or struggle for a lock. A sleek game strong as black vs white with the unforgiving focus on the dark path called 'going heywire' after/during suffering unrelenting impacts in life.'The Greatest Battle Lies Within' - SM3 trailerDid we grow stronger, or stranger? - ???Just pick it up. I recommend this game for depicting the struggle for sanity in an insane world where you can really shatter only for one word:LOVE."
76561198054702102,Not Recommended,253330,23479509,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Noodlefox,"I feel like this game might have done better as a short animation. The art style is really interesting to look at and lends itself well to the creepy atmosphere. The pen style drawing look makes the world around you far more unsettling. The music and sound is a great compliment as well and there were plenty of times I found myself on edge just from the noises around me, even when there was nothing actually happening. The entire set up should have lent itself to a fantastic horror game except it's missing the game part.There really was nothing to the gameplay here. Every so often you could look at a picture or the face of ever deteriorating dolls, but there wasn't much to interact with. Sometimes monsters would show up that you would have to avoid, but they were all pretty standard and as far as I could tell there was no real penalty for death if you screwed up.  All of them were simple to figure out and were very easy to deal with making them very non threatening. There were one or two times the game did something interesting with each individual creature, but it only ever happened once and then never again.Pretty much the meat of the game was walking slowly down hallways looking at artwork that you couldn't interact with. To make it worse a lot of the same visuals were used over and over and over again. The same creepy dolls the same creepy pictures the same unsettling blood splatters. What started out as unnerving quickly became dull and in some cases kind of funny because of how overused it was.Finally the story was a little... meh. It was nothing special to begin with then add on to that the main characters seeming disinterest in everything going on around him just made the world feel even more lifeless. With the exception of some of the ""cutscenes"" seperating the parts of the game you feel like you're controlling a paper doll. Dead body falling from the sky? Not a flinch. Seeing people hanging from the ceiling? Not even an eyetwitch. He just doesn't feel like a character let alone someone I should be concerned/interested in.This game obviously had a lot of heart and love put into it. It shows in the style, the atmosphere, in the sound design and how smooth the gameplay is when it does happen. It unfortunatly just doesn't have enough to hold it up as a game and definatly not enough to justify the price of it.I've only gotten one ending so far (the bad one I think) but I just don't think there was enough to keep me invested to try and get the other two. The first playthrough only took me 2 hours with me taking my time/looking hard at background scenery and out of that probably only about 20-30 min was spent on actual gameplay outside of walking forward."
76561198061903331,Recommended,253330,14845899,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,MellowCell,Over rated. Too expensive. Ok game.
,Recommended,253330,12254888,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,OneeSama,"The aspect that's really shines from this game is the audio. The nature of the sounds, when and how they are used, alongside the deep and entrancing ambient music really set a unique horror mood and grasp you into the game, from end to beginning.This game is 80% ambiance and story and 20% game mechanics, so this is for players that can enjoy slow-paced, low action games. If you are a fan of more action packed horror games like Amnesia and Outlast, I would not recommend this to you. Otherwise, this game is definitely worth a try!"
,Recommended,253330,12752441,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lazybonez,"One of the best horror game of all time in my opinion. Yes i said it. Beatiful creepy atmosphere,extraordinary style,and more-more. This game REALY can creep out and make you afraid every shadow...Beware. But if you want to go in this psycho-dark adventure,do it...This game will not leave you indifferent."
76561198134310047,Not Recommended,253330,12735797,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,namelessjonesy,"Boy am I disappointed.An interesting idea, but over-hyped and over-long. For a game with such a basic art style (not a criticism) the repetitive hallways quickly become a chore when the lack of context for anything really starts to show. It's also extremely padded, despite some reviews saying it's a 90-120 minute game.I love games like Gone Home and Dear Esther, tagged ""walking simulators"" but I have to say avoid this. Wish I'd waited for a more generous sale price before trying."
76561198076639264,Recommended,253330,29786949,Posted: 8 February,all,[GMS] VanDam,1. Really creepy.2. A few jump scares.3. Not too long.
76561198007143711,Not Recommended,253330,30062736,Posted: 20 February,all,necrofood,"I played it for an hour, and counted about eight rather clumsily laid out jumps. The music is nice, and the atmosphere great, but after spending that hour effectively walking around extremely repetitive rooms, I found myself yawning and quite bored. I considered coming up with something else to do whilst holding down the directional key, but if I'm having to do something else to entertain myself whilst playing a game; viz: somethig meant to entertain me, something has gone quite wrong."
,Recommended,253330,33399963,Posted: 9 July,all,Rookie,"Interesting 3rd person horror game.Although it's mostly about walking, there are small... puzzles that you need to figure out to keep walking in the right direction. Also, there's freedom in choosing certain paths leading you to certain endings.The art style is black&white, with red blood stains and interactable coloured items that you can see to figure out what's going on."
,Recommended,253330,23907506,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cashout Service Advertisement 2,I completed the game and reuqested a refund10/10 - i will buy it again
,Recommended,253330,13468466,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,lord.mrakainus,"It may be slow, and drags at times, but this game makes you think, and consider ""What the hell is going on?"". Buy this game!"
76561198236884524,Recommended,253330,16901393,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Addy,"This game really gets across the frustration, fear, and repetative nature of mental illnesses like depression and OCD.  Which can make it irritating to play at times, but you still feel motivated to keep trying.  The creepiness and gore was over the top and funny, I loved it.  It's a fairly simple and short game, but with great atmosphere, so a worthwhile way to pass one afternoon."
,Recommended,253330,12281086,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Katharos,"Best indie horror game ever. Disturbing and terrifying that will make you go insane. The hand-drawn artwork makes this game unique and the sound effect is excellent. It is best to play with headphones. Expect that your character will be slow (not recommended to use sprint often, you'll find out why) and you'll get bored at some parts as you explore around the house and open every doors that is full of twist because the scenes are changing till you reach the ending."
76561197984307421,Not Recommended,253330,12284563,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Brinstil,More like Quicklyending Nightmares.
76561198080704090,Not Recommended,253330,27394306,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tildy,"Um... yeah. It's not a good sign when I've only been playing the game half an hour and i'm already bored.The developer did a pretty good job building the atmosphere, but it feels like all it's used for is jump scares. The most I can say is at least it isn't one of those fricking flash games where you click on this thing five times, this thing once, once on the first thing, and then are rewarded with a really cheap jumpscare.Game play is excruciatingly repetitive. It is a clever gimmick that instead of ""dying"" you wake up, and it was utilized well during the first bit of gameplay, where you wander around an empty house waking up every time you see something particularly horrifying. I also love the black and white color scheme, with interactable objects having different colors to them. This was a godsend, and I didn't have to wander around smashing the interact button in front of everything that looks slightly unique.Trouble was, this is a walking simulator in the worst sense of the word. And I like walking simulators! But whereas in, say, Gone Home you are walking through a house that's loaded down with secrets and personality and notes and Bikini Kill and Le Tigre tapes, in this game you are just walking. Periodically jogging for a bit. Hiding in plain sight for a moment. Followed by more walking. There aren't notes. There are barely any other people. Even when the game did something I thought was really neat (introducing the girl with black hair from the trailer/game icon as your sister by showing a picture of you with her, then telling you her name by showing your character react to her tombstone, which reads ""beloved sister"") it goes and ruins it by having the character wake up and immediately have a conversation with his sister about how she is his sister.And I get where the game is coming from, I do. It's about mental illness. Mental illness is all about repetition, whether it's the good kind of repetition like stimming or the bad kind, like chronic unwanted thoughts. But when that's all there is to the game... life is just too short, you know?"
76561197988903500,Not Recommended,253330,12450895,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jo291,"I was drawn to this game initially because of the very unique and interesting art style and the promise of dreamlike logic and storytelling. And, Ironically while I did indeed get both of those things I got nothing else. The gameplay is nearly non existent except for avoiding some very easy to avoid enemies (which is sad considering that the enemies are visually well designed and scary/disturbing) and walking from empty room to empty room which becomes exasperating as you learn that all of the rooms are basically copied and pasted over and over and over again. Puzzles are nearly non-existent and unless you have severe brain damage chances are you wont have to think very hard about any of them.Storyline is probably one of the weakest in any horror game I have played which was dissapointing considering I went through the trouble of getting all the endings because I thought that they may have all been connected only to find that they were not. The game starts with this whole little sister motif that could have been interesting only to derail into completely unrealated stuff about your wife depending on how you played the game and then no matter what ending your going for it just sort of ends suddenly with a ending that had zero build up.It even comes complete with a ""IT WUS ALL A DREAM!!!"" ending which made me slightly angry at the laziness of it all.I dont get why this game is rated so highly, its not deep or well written, its not a good horror game, and its boring besides a couple choice moments."
,Not Recommended,253330,12264650,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vaelor,"Well.. Why do I not recommend this game?TL;DR: It is too expensive for the amound of time spent, mostly walking in one Direction with the occasional change of direction. And it isn't scary. At all.I have played it trough once, and I guess I will play the other endings too, sometime.First, the positive aspects:I like the gamestyle, it is something different.But what kept me playing was the question, whats going on.The Sound and Athmosphere were also really great. The game rarely scared me, but I was often on edge: ""What happens next"", ""If I go there I bet something tries to jump trough the window"", and so on. But only for the first 20minutes or so. Then the Cons shoiwed.Cons:The ""monsters"" - They really don't add a lot to the game, they seemed more like a puzzle to me than a scare, because they really arent scary. They are really, really dumb.The Level Design. Soooo much to walk around! If I had not been hooked by ""whats going on here"" I would have quit.Because at least 60% of the game consisted of walking ""Right"". 30% have been walking ""Up"", ""Down"" and ""Left"". the last 10% where interacting with things, mostly Paintings I still dont get the hang of, what they added to the game, I really have no clue,Not certain if positive or negative: I was almost never really scared. At the beginning there was a lot of anticipation and some really nice scares, building up atmosphere. But after that, it felt as if nothing was happening anymore. And I am one fellow who is easily scared. It took me ages to play trough Amnesia, not having finished a Machine for Pigs yet...But this.. well.. at least I did not had to take a break because I have been scared to death.Wait for the game until it is in a Humblebundle or similar."
76561198068848133,Not Recommended,253330,12281588,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Juzkhain,"Ok, so there you have the first analisis I wrote about the game the first time I finished it, and at the end my final impressions.First impressions:This has to be a joke. Ok, so the art is great, it's very atmospheric and it has some really creepy moments. But you simply can't sell at this price a game that you can complete in an hour. Yes, it has alternate endings, but it means that you are going to have to play the whole game again, a game that is already very repetitive, only to watch another ending but without any new playable experiences.The game has literally three different kind of hazards and like another three puzzles and that is it.And let me tell you, what is up with that part with the boy in the woods? it seem only there to annoy the player, the boy can't run for more than like five seconds and even running he is incredibly slow, and they make you run through an endless wood chasing your sister.And by the way, all that thing that the developers have been telling about the game being  based on the real experiences of someone who have experienced mental illness, so convenient that his condition involve a mental hospital, a creepy house, and all the oldest horror clichés.Shame on you Infinitap Games.Final impressions:Ok, so now I've completed the hundred per cent and played through all of what the game has to offer, you can check my profile to see that it's true, and that I have spent only three hours to accomplish this, considering that I have had to play to some segments more than once.Here is my conclusion, the game is extremely short and the sceneries and situations are used again and again. Many times, there is not even anything to do, only walk through hallways and hallways, entering rooms that have nothing inside and wait for the jump scares to appear.The game has a few really good moments, but really keep you waiting for more to come, something that gives sense to the whole experience that never comes. The game suffers from a lack of content, especially considering the price.I feel very disappointed, because this game had huge possibilities."
76561198004442955,Not Recommended,253330,12364268,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Wisener,"Not that great at all.  If It goes down to $5, buy it.  Great artwork and pretty creepy, but REALLY short (~2 hrs), not really much of a story, and not really that scary.  Feels like they had a great idea that fell flat."
76561198000713685,Not Recommended,253330,12279941,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,triskuit,"Beautiful graphics and an intriguing atmosphere, but too short and too basic to recommend at the 15$ price point."
,Not Recommended,253330,12286712,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SolidSweat,"This game is HIGHLY OVERATED. If your looking for all the thrills this game has to offer, watch the trailer for free and you have just witnessed the best this game has.worth $2 not anything above."
,Not Recommended,253330,12362740,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Fabu,"Not impressed for the price.  The art style of Edward Gorey incorperated into the game was amazing... it did a good job of setting an atmosphere... beyond that, not much else to say.You're not really solving a mystery or finding clues, it just seems like a random assortment of common fears: babies, dolls, bears (??), isolation, heavy breathing creepos...etc.  Mazes of sorts for each level drag out gameplay way longer than it has to be.  Not in a scary way of being lost, just kind of boring way of ""guhh are we there yet, Thomas??"".  The different endings was a plus, but there wasn't much of a narrative of what was actually happening.I didn't get any achievements for getting said endings OR completing the ""veins"" in which the endings appear.  I can't even get the achievements for this superslow ink-venture. I am dissapointed to say the least.There are some seriously fun parts in this game that are pretty creative... just maybe not full price worthy.  Wait till this one is on sale, folks."
76561198002414094,Not Recommended,253330,12289680,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Stager,"I'd LIKE to be able to recommend this game, given the story behind its development, but at the end of the day, the game has to stand on its own merits and I don't think this one does. It's very short, but feels long and drawn-out because the gameplay is both simple and repetitive. There are a few good scares, but if you've watched the trailer, you've pretty much seen them already. In short, the concept feels under-developed and the product feels more like a proof of concept than an actual game, particularly for the pricepoint. In my opinion, give it a whirl - it won't make more than 80min out of your life, but wait until it's at least half off."
,Not Recommended,253330,12291001,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Detective Buttfuck,Boring 2d Amnesia-lite flash game with plodding story and repeating visuals for $15? Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up.
,Recommended,253330,12254143,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[WIZ] Wow....,It was good. a mind♥♥♥♥ for sure
,Recommended,253330,12319980,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sonar,"Edward Gorey.One of my favorite artists.  His dark, gothic style of cartooning has delighted the Victorian in people for years.Now Neverending Nightmares takes his style and makes a game out of it, and just like Goreys style, in this game there are no good endings.The controls are basic and functional and don't get in the way of the game... The art, which is THE reason to play this game doesn't quite ring true to Gorey but is very effective in getting the hopless sense of fear and desperation out of the game and into the player.  Only black and white is allowed in the pallette, with occasional visits from other colors... particulary red.  A simple mask of blakc lines over the front of the screen gives the omnipresent drearyness  a real sense of depression.  When a color does pop up the players eyes are immediatly drawn to it.The music fits very well, sound samples are played repeatedly with changes in frequency giving the body of the song rather than pitches or notes.  Whether is a twisted lullaby, or the screams of a lunatic in an asylum every part of this game screams at the player ""Doom!  Death!  Hoplessness! Despair!"" while using a the voice of a soft whisper.If you love dark things, Victorian novels, or are a fan of E. Gorey, you will be delightfully entertained ( and possibly pushed toward suicide ) by this game."
76561197968741425,Not Recommended,253330,12716905,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,johnskaife,This game is a sloppy bore.
,Not Recommended,253330,33008115,Posted: 29 June,all,alexxshadenk777,"I can't believe this took me nearlly 2 and a half hours to complete. It's so slow it felt like 10 hours long.This game is boring to play. However, I do like the art style. Black & white & red is all fine and dandy, but the animations were a bit lacking. It looks nice but every part of this game leaves much to be desired. There's nothing to gain from exploration, going into every single room is entirely pointless (and I did bother to do so). I got every branching path to see all it had to offer and ultimately I was left actually sleepy.To its credit, I can see a lot of work went into drawing every single character, enemy, background and portrait and that is this developer's greatest achievement, I suppose. I do like the overall look but the animations really needed some more work. The voice acting was... appropriate. Not great but not bad either. Sound design was acceptable but the soundtrack was bland and generic.Overall: an interesting idea punctuated by average execution, making a very tedious, deceptively short game. Too much running around with nothing happening and nothing to discover. This game could've learned a thing or two about pacing and rewarding the player more from exploration."
76561198074524907,Not Recommended,253330,12291856,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,rustedmg42,"Потрясающая атмосфера, восхитительный стиль, великолепный саунд. Есть одна проблема: как только ты думаешь, ""ну, интроха кончилась - сейчас начнем играть"", игра заканчивается.Серьезно? 300 рэ за полтора часа неспешного брожения по коридорам? Надеюсь, эти деньги пойдут разрабу не на лечение, а на эвтаназию."
,Recommended,253330,12319201,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,PeppahGamer,"Oh my GOSH! This Game is amazing! It messes with your mind in ways I can't even explain! I'd recommend this game to anyone I know who enjoys horror games. I'm only part way through the game, but so far it's a 100/100 rating for me!"
76561198000954105,Recommended,253330,12292395,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,AgentOrange,"Awesome game, unique style! Perfect horror game with a perfect athmosphere for all who actually understand the art behind this masterpiece ;)"
76561198049935483,Recommended,253330,12288917,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Adam Jensen,It is really sad that people dont make more game like Neverending Nightmares.The game is awsome and very scary I recommend everyone to play it specially in the night with headphones on. :)
76561198028729157,Recommended,253330,12319367,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Icwhatudidthr,"Nice game, but too expensive for 75 minutes that took me to finish it."
,Recommended,253330,12305938,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Aepocgryphal,Very good horror game. Love the art direction. The music is kept at a minimum but done well in certain areas where they are needed. Definitely play with headphones.
76561198144276036,Recommended,253330,12306723,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,vivraine,"The art style's beautifully simple. I was digging the whole stark contrast of the brights against the dark shades. I love the atmosphere as well. The sounds are haunting and would really get you. This game just sucks me in and lets me cruise through the creepy setting/s and against the protagonist's demons, whether oversized mutant grown wrestler babies or himself."
,Recommended,253330,12306497,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Twitch-A-Twitch!,"What you see in the trailer is what you get. Not for everybody, but man I love this game to pieces."
,Recommended,253330,12296455,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Smik,"Stylized, creepy and short and MUST be played with both headphones and a game pad with vibration.  Missing either of the latter two will cause you to lose a good 50% of the atmosphere.  Great for Edward Gorey fans.The game's strengths lie in atmosphere, sound setup and visual style, all of which are very strong.  It also does some rather clever things with checkpoints in a way that is not clear until you've gotten more familiar with the game.It's weaknesses lie in the limited experiences offered.  The game could have been more, and one enemy in particular adds an obnoxious game mechanic which is initially clever and then very tedious.  It also fails to provide any really satisfying endings.  Finally, it's got very little replayability as once you've gotten all the endings there's little reason to return except after a long abscence after you've forgotten the pitfalls.Your enjoyment of Neverinding Nightmares will largely depend on what you look for in a horror game.  Thankfully Slendy -- who showed up in the demo -- is removed from the final version.If you're the kind of person who enjoys being creeped out, this does a pretty good job.  This isn't a game played for depth, but it does an excellent job with providing a unique experience your first time through.  If the art style doesn't do much for you, chances are the rest of the game won't.  If you enjoy Creepypasta however, this might be up your alley.Warning for those squeamish about blood and gore: some paths are pretty nasty from an imagery standpoint.Is it worth the price tag?  Depends on how much you value atmosphere.  I don't regret purchasing it, but others might not be as satisfied.  It's definitely something to get if you enjoy Edward Gorey stuff.  I would advise AGAINST looking at a Let's Play of it until after you've experienced most of what it has to offer as it will basically spoil the entire experience."
76561197999125315,Recommended,253330,12296832,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Bors de Ganis,"Great atmosphere, music, artistic design, etc. If you are a fan of horror, indie games, artistic games, and just want to try something new. You really owe it to yourself to get this game. I'm going to do a little bit of spoiling from here on out, so stop reading if that sort of thing makes you mad.Ok, hopefully those who don't mind spoiling are still reading at this point. I was originally going to complain a little about this game, at ~$15 it became more expensive than going to a movie. One of the things I appreciate most about video games is from a time vs. money investment usually they make up for their higher price. A first run through of this game took me about 90 minutes. Making this slightly more expensive than a movie. But then as I looked around the menus I discovered there are multiple endings and paths you can take. Giving the game some replayability and making it now worth more than a movie. I'm not sure if you could see the multiple paths before you beat the game the first time (I didn't check) hence the spoiler notice before. So yeah, all in all a really good little game. I'm excited to see what else the team comes up with.-Bors"
76561198131467069,Recommended,253330,12942311,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,xxxklingtacion,HEART ATTACKS x50 :)
76561198142180658,Not Recommended,253330,19243725,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,gibalsandwich,"If it is on sale with deep discount, go for it. It is an impressive tech demo and that is all it feels like. No real story, what little gameplay there is is incredibly tedious. I look forward to seeing what else they do in this style, but this is no way worth the full £10.99 asking price."
,Not Recommended,253330,18866384,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ClaymoreSmiley,"Pros: The music is pretty good, and there were about two points during the entire experience where I thought the scares/images were effectiveCons: Sadly, aside from those two particular times I found all the rest of it to be dull, cliche set dressings on what were essentially empty rooms and hallways. Seriously, 90% of this game is walking down empty hallways that become more and more cluttered with either gore or eyeless dolls. There are other scary things out there, developer! Gore and dolls can be scary, but you kind of drowned the game in them to the point where they no longer have meaning.The plot consists of a few 5-10 second long spoken bits which includes the endings. I get that the developer wanted to leave things ambiguous and let the player draw their own conclusions, but the fact that there is no lore to collect and no narrative whatsoever means the player has literally no reason to move through the game.I wish the developers had put the same amount of effort into making a gripping narrative or lore notes to collect (they're a horror game staple for a reason) or any reason at all to drive players to continue pushing their character down those hallways as they did dressing up the endless, empty rooms with an insane level of detail (sadly most of which is same-y gore and dolls).This game would be hard to recommend as a free flash game. When I finished it and got all the endings I just felt like I had wasted an afternoon and a few bucks."
,Not Recommended,253330,19172436,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,trevb0t,"If you're actually interested to see this story play out (and trust me, there isn't much...) you should just watch a YouTube play-through. This game plays like a movie with no elements of choice, action, and with almost no mechanics. It's a short film with wasd.There's tons of good horror games on Steam. And without meaning to sound too harsh this just isn't one of them."
,Not Recommended,253330,13684385,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CarlCX,"the hallway is spooky.the hallway is spooky.the hallway is too dark to see.there's a creepy doll!the hallway is spooky.there's a creepy doll!the doll is chasing you!you escaped into the hallway. it's spooky.the hallway turned into an insane asylum!it's spooky.the hallway, that is. the hallway is spooky.(I really wanted to like this game, god dammit)"
,Recommended,253330,21050202,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,boegie,i've got depression from this game
,Recommended,253330,12929057,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,little one,BEST INDIE - HORROR OF ALL TIME!10\10
,Not Recommended,253330,13252567,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,varut20,"Don't get me wrong... The game is not bad. It has unique style as you can see. It just... isn't as scary as I hope when I saw the promotional video; a few jump scare, too few and too easy puzzles (seriously. I'm NOT smart when I say it's easy it really is.) There is no twist in the storyline where, I think, should be... Put it bluntly, It's too blunt.Again, not a bad game to spend time with in one lazy day. Just... if asked about a horror game, I'll have pointed in other direction."
76561198089788463,Recommended,253330,17797903,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Kaeby,The main character breathes like a ♥♥♥♥ tard10/10
,Recommended,253330,15334575,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,FrYsGaL,It's very black and white until there is something in colour!
76561198055426049,Not Recommended,253330,13912914,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Afwes,Not very scary. not very interesting.
,Not Recommended,253330,13434522,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Midnight Society,"This game is the definition of style over substance. I was really looking forward to playing this game, and the creater seems like he really worked hard and wanted to make something people loved, but sadly there is just nothing here.  I feel bad for him because based on his Kickstarter updates, he comes off as very insecure about his work and this probably wont help.The game consists of walking around aimlessly, usually around the same area many times until the game decides to let you advance. The environment changes the more you walk around and eventually a staircase opens up to let you to the next area. The idea being you're losing your grip on reality I'm assuming, but it's just horribly boring and not scary at all. Other than it's awesome pen and paper art style it has nothing to offer. If you want a scary game where you walk around play Outlast if you want a game that has a unique style without sacraficing gameplay then play Limbo."
76561198122901297,Recommended,253330,12596382,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ayame79,"I knew i wanted this game the minute i saw it, the art style was amazeing and i knew by reading the description that it would be a game that wasnt really a game so much as a experience you can guide the main character thru and thus be completley emursed in his never ending nightmare. The soundtrack is also so spooky and strange yet so haunting that i couldnt stop listining to it. After completing the game with all possible endings ive played it a bunch more times after that to simply take it all in again. I would reccomend this to anyone who loves the macabre and who doesnt care about the fact theres no way to kill the things that stalk you, you have to look the horror in the face and at times walk almost hand in hand with it."
,Not Recommended,253330,19064911,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,cRitεri0η.,"I went it through in 1.5hrs,so fu*k it up"
,Recommended,253330,24516444,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,翁焕杰的一号迷妹,GOOD
76561198047866526,Not Recommended,253330,22080622,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mike Pence The White Wolf,"waste of time. All you do is walk right for hours through repetitive levels. I wouldnt mind this if they actually showed us something interesting, but they really didn't. Just a bunch of spooky dolls and the occasional easily outsmarted enemy. The only thing the game had going for it was its mood. No good gameplay mechanics, and no good story content. The environments really weren't that interesting. They should have either made it a much shorter game, or added more content to the levels."
,Recommended,253330,27661289,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,3oJloTble_3y6bl,This is the greatest Brick Factory.
76561198065283974,Recommended,253330,12806085,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,maltadirk,I've been following this game since its Kickstarter campaign. I was hyped for this one to come out and I have to admit I was not disappointed!I actually finished the game in 2 sittings and will definitely give it another go. Matt has a unique touch for the horror genre.This is a quality indie horror game I recommend for anyone interested in the genre.
,Recommended,253330,12821678,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu Girl,"First playthrough time: 2 hoursAll endings play time: 3.5 hours totalMajor Pros:Great sound and musicMultiple endings and story paths allow for replayability and story map easily lets you hop to the part you want to playGood use of some traditional horror themes and restricted vision levelsMinor Pros:Interesting art and color useagePleasant eerie elements background elements give the place a haunted feel, but could've been used more""Jump scares"" not overusedMajor Cons:90% of the time you don't need to go in any of the rooms other than the one at the end of the hallwaySome early monsters feel repetitive while others make it feel like an action game (later monsters were much better)A fair amount of the game is walking through uninteractive sceneryMinor Cons:The color-bordered pleasant pictures on the walls detract from the creepy atmosphereStory is a little unclear and might leave player feeling like they still have questionsI found the game very interesting and really liked the art. The different levels and parts of the story, especially with the different endings, were very enjoyable. My favorite level is probably when the dolls start coming to life because I felt it gave the player the right amount of anticipation when traveling between rooms. I think the game struggled a little with ""empty rooms"" where the player is just trying to get to the next hallway. While ""empty space"" is necessary so the player doesn't always expect something to happen in every room, I think there was perhaps a little too much here and it can draw the player out of the horror feel if nothing's happening. Never the less I enjoyed the game and played through all 4 story paths for the 3 different endings."
76561198161972985,Recommended,253330,12829113,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,weldit414,"The game is fun and creepy. You play with goose bumps the whole time. You have to have patience and a sense of adventure for the journey this game will take you through. I died so many different ways its definately worth buying.I never knew black and white art could be so captivating. I love the art and the music makes it come alive. Playing with headphones on is a must and gives you the total experince of this game.I find most horror games to be overly gory so much that it starts to not be so significant. With this game the mood and atmosphere is progressive to where you finally have to stop look around and take it all in at each phase. It is true horror the way it pulls you in deeper and deeper with feelings of delusion, and the sense of being trapped in a Never Ending Nightmare."
,Recommended,253330,12867762,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Allah,"The game is great, unlike any other horror game i have played 5/5."
76561198143843087,Recommended,253330,12876505,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Courier_SIX,"Enjoyed the atmosphere in this game. It's not all about jump scares, (not saying there aren't any!) it's the overall mood around the game that makes it feel so special. You have this constant feeling of what could happen at any given moment, and you don't know when it's going occur. My only dissapointment with this game was how quick it went by. I'm aware there are multiple endings, but I couldn't help to feel that there was more I was expecting right when I had encountered an ending. It felt like I was only playing a demo. I still have two more ending to complete, but if it's anything that'd be really exciting would be an update filled with more nightmares to explore. All in all, I really enjoyed this game. It's not your typical horror game. Gameplay isn't groundbreaking, but the artwork is breathtaking! It's worth giving a try, just note that it goes quick, so maybe do it in increments."
,Recommended,253330,12932951,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,A.Zombi.McTaggart,"Holy crap, this game is extremely satisfying in terms of what a great game should have. It has a strong atmosphere, unique style, interesting story, and memorable characters.It's safe to say that as you progress further into the game you will experience various mixed emotions."
,Recommended,253330,12945399,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,manchee,"I havent gotten to the last ending yet (tried two times and got fed up, lol) but I've basically played most of it.This game, has EXCELLENT atmosphere. Its subtly creeepy, so little so that you can actually play this alone in the house, but at the same time, so much so that you'd wish someone was hugging you while you played.  While there are jumpscares scattered, its not very much and most of the times, the thing to suffice spooking you would be the atmosphere. Which may get old after a while.The storyline on the other hand.From the start, you don't learn much about what the eff is going on. All you know is that your Thomas, and your supposed to just walk walk walk. and find out things. It does sort of draw you in, but I should say that the two endings I've experienced so far were quite a let down. They were effective, short, and they made sense, but, it still was a letdown.Gameplay itself is repetitive, you're just walking and there are a set number of ""enemies"" which you mostly avoid in two ways. Setting of scenes mostly follow the nightmare you happen to be playing. It's sort of otherwordly, but not otherwordly enough such that you'd be staring at the art with awe. (Im guessing Silent Hill would be where the art makes you stare like woah wtf) But the cutscenes really make yu go woah wtf (because seriously... wtf is going on) and some of the scenes (related to the jumpscares) do make you go WTF as well.Would I reccomend you to buy it? When it's on sale.But for a 'cash strapped' 18 year old, do I regret my purchase? nope."
76561198052329862,Recommended,253330,12976649,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,kiramira99,"Short game, but totally worth the money. Very atmospheric both in sound and drawings. I recommend this game WITH headphones and don't forget to change audio to headphones in the option menu. It makes all the difference!"
,Recommended,253330,13074117,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,mckhicen,this is a mild horro game welll not so much when i mean mild i mean like pictures that are distrubing but not scary and its pretty fun for a indie game but i was half way through the game and it got restared i hope they fix that
,Recommended,253330,13117176,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,osricen,Artistically unique and polished. Short and simple game; HIGHLY interesting and enjoyable. Hope to see more from developer! Totally recommended.
,Recommended,253330,13263774,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,pepe.exe,Get this game if you enjoy1.Digging bones out of your own arm using a peice of rusty old pipe.2.Committing suicide.3.Following little girls xP.4.Running from mentals that have no eyes.7/10Expect The Unexpected
76561197975636407,Recommended,253330,13311497,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,SeanUnleashed,LSD Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,253330,16539626,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Skank McGank,Was expecting an intriguing horror point and click-ish adventure game similar to the superb The Cat Lady. What I got was a walking simulator. There are better ways to spend your $2.50-$15.
76561198109325567,Recommended,253330,12391490,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,10000_Joelbitar,This game was a very interesting experience if you ask me. I have played a lot of horror-games during the years but not any which were really like this one. The feeling of dread hangs over you the whole time and if you have ever had a nightmare (Ehrrm..which i guess you have) you´ll probably recognise many of the situations that occur in this game. It wasn´t very long and it was a little expensive but i still think it´s a very beautiful and intense game that is really worth a try :)
69696969696969696,Recommended,253330,12395877,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Aigis,"Neverending Nightmares is a strange package. A Horror game like this only comes by every few years. It's art style, plus it's unique way of phsycilogical horror, make this a marvel to the Horror experiance, and shows simplicity can even be frame work of a masterpiece. One complaint I had, although, is that it does feel repetitive, like others say. But, I have to say, the overall experiance was worth it. 8/10, as a work of true art and a marvel of Horror I could give it no less."
76561198120620687,Recommended,253330,12418904,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ScootieMcBooty,"I just beat this game. Very unsettling and disturbing. I wouldn't really call it a horror based game, a couple jump scares but nothing terrifying. I feel this game is very innovative and has a very unique style to it. The story it conveys is cringful as well. Somehow relatable.9/10"
76561198096898571,Recommended,253330,12379864,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Minno,"This game is a masterpiece  It is rather short, and doesn't have much replayablility, but the artistry is phenominal, in the subtle ways it conveys it's story.  It's definately worth the money, if your willing to play through the three endings."
,Recommended,253330,12470481,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Glycerin Ghost,"For horror fans who want something besides typical jumpscares. I'm sure those familiar with atmospheric horror games, like Silent Hill will find shared ground with Neverending Nightmares.Neverending Nightmares is about the mind of Thomas and his love for his sister, Gabrielle. In nightmares, or as I'd call this more a night-terror, people who are close to us tend to take the brute of the darkness. This ""Edward Gorey"" styled game is all about immersing yourself inside this bleak nightmare and the sound makes a huge part of that, so headphones is recommended (and turn off the lights and play it by yourself for more intense effects). As the nightmare continues, you make choices that can alter where the horror takes you. For better or worse, the choice is yours to make. And don't worry, if you thought that nothing was after you in this game, you are sorely mistaken. I won't divulge exactly WHAT is coming for you, but use your imagination. But I do warn the faint of heart, there are cringing moments and disturbing scenes, not quite on par with Saw, but gets close with its self mutliations and morbid topics like suicide.If you're not paranoid, jumpy, tense, nervous when playing this game, you're probably playing it wrong or it's not your cup of tea.Now that those remarks are done. My thoughts. I must say wait for a sale on this game, in my opinion, for as little content as there is in this, it's not worth the $15 price tag. Cut off $5 and I think that would be reasonable. The game offers very little as far as replayability, so if you like your Amnesia custom stories, might want to look elsewhere. I've spent almost 90-120 minutes on this game and I've completed everything. Granted, I've been a little spoiled and I was playing it wrong for much of that time. Which is why I say to savor this and play it like you WANT to be scared. Creeping along dark hallways with nothing but a candle to keep you away from the shadows and unerving sounds makes a very tense and slow moving pace. Afraid that if you run, you might run into something you won't be able to escape or hear coming over your own breathing and footsteps. This game sets a great atmosphere for those willing to take the steps and immerse themselves into it. If you feel like you're lost, just keep walking. The labyrinth of the mind is very easy to get turned around in, so just keep pressing on and you'll head in the right direction in this game.Closing remarks, the game is great for those willing to dive into the atmosphere. For those requiring more action and jumpscares, look elsewhere. Bring the price to $10 and I'd definitely recommend buying it. Perhaps if they added in some other endings, this game could have some more replayability."
76561198042351542,Recommended,253330,12500848,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,wombatkore,"The subconscious can be a truly dark and frightening place and Neverending Nightmares propels this notion to the forefront. You play as Thomas, seemingly forever stuck in a perpetual nightmare/sleep state. He dreams in black and white, he dreams of death and murder. Creepy broken dolls lay strewn within the walls of his home. He dreams of monochrome tombstones and blood stained asylum walls. But...is he really dreaming? The game forces us to accept dread, fear and vulnerability. Thomas cannot wield weapons, he can't fight. All he (or you) can do is survive.The gameplay mechanics are very straighforward. Directions, sprint and an interact button. That is all. But do not take this simplicity for inadequacy. The game is very unsettling. The scares are very well crafted and will make you think before making your next move. There are equal parts subtle and obvious scares. Neverending Nightmares is an exercise in psychological horror, throwing you in between worlds and catching you off guard in the process. Cheap jumscares are a thing of the past and Neverending Nightmare gets my vote for progressive horror gaming.If you're looking for a different kind of horror, the kind of horror that is deep rooted within your subconscious, then this is the game for you. My only regret? Not playing this in online mode, so now I have no achievements. But that's ok because in my opinion Neverending Nightmare has a high replay value and three different endings to keep you entertained (and afraid).If you'd like to see my take on this brilliant game, go here :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNfGiLomjks&list=PLAiqVOZlx0AhavAEyxjX5XANGj_54ydvq"
,Recommended,253330,12517434,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,==TheDeathReaper==,Very Spooky.And Creepy.And Good For The Halloween Spirit
76561198123511616,Recommended,253330,12520611,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,dilbob13,"Only played it a little bit and I gotta say...i like it. What really sets it apart from the horror game of the norm are it's minimalist interface and intensly creepy atmosphere. As you play this game I recommend that people play it alone in the dark, headphones on, and locked doors."
,Recommended,253330,12523242,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ripley Gamer,"What a fantastic indie horror, the different paths that you can take a really great and each ending was very surprising. A lot of the horror elements in the game were well executed and made the game a lot scarier. The music enhanced the atmosphere of the game making for a better horror experience.Definitely one to recommend."
,Recommended,253330,12384218,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,R.C. Davidson,"This is an interesting game that provides some chilling moments during play.  The story of Thomas Smith, while simple, pretty much makes you think a little, maybe even make your own conspiracy theories.  Both the atmosphere and the sounds give you a chill, and I'm impressed that the game manages to spook you without the use of the over-used jump scare.  There are a few problems, though.  You can finish one of the story modes in no time, I say about 45 minutes to a hour tops, so you might complete the whole game, if not collect all four achievements, with 4-5 hours.  Also, whatever enemies there are in the game aren't the scariest things ever.  You can easily get past them with the most obvious way possible.  Only thing that could make getting past the enemies more obvious was to put in neon signs, and the ones that chase you will give you at least a little bit of a problem.  That being said though, the reason why people play horror games is to get scared, and in that regard, I think it does a good job.  If you're looking for cheap jump scares, like most indie horror games do unfortunately, then this is not the game for you.  Otherwise, this is a game worth experiencing, though the length might effect how much it's worth."
76561198048584336,Recommended,253330,25857339,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,BodyHairMaster,"Very short game, it has multiple endings, with the paths leading up to them being different, so I would reccomend going back through after beating it the first time.  Besides the length of the game, the artystlye, themes, and all around spookyness are done pretty well.  As for the downsides, it seems as though you walk through many of the same hallways over and over, just for extra padding for the game.  Also, the gameplay is very minimal, with the game being more akin to a walking simulator.  Still, if you're looking for a short spooky adventure that will make you think a little aterwards, then pllay dis' game."
,Recommended,253330,15141742,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MrBrigs_Sealords,Neverending Nightmares is a game which is probably a must play game.You may or may not find it scary but you will find it fun! This game is a fantastic game! Non the less for its sketchy drawing like textures but also for its interaction with the player.
,Recommended,253330,13443886,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jeznav,"Artwork is nice. Creepy but not scary. Story-wise, this game is depressing. Everyone dies. Your little sister dies, your wife/sister dies, they haunt you, you commit suicide, you die, you wake up, your ghost tries to kill you, you die, you wake up. It's a neverending nightmare. I have sympathy for the developer."
76561198171533890,Not Recommended,253330,15985263,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dr Cringe,I cant play the game it cash and I did not get to play it :(
,Not Recommended,253330,13560584,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lonoxmont,"the spookiest thing about this game is the price. the gameplay is slow and plodding, the popscares completely predictable, the monsters easily escapable (except for a few places where they seem to be glitched and unpassable) and the overall feeling is of a newgrounds flash game that got a little big for its britches. now there are indeed some rather nifty lighting effects and shaders, but overall i would say its not worth the money. 2/10, get if its on a really really good sale or bundle."
,Not Recommended,253330,14401777,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jacky Lunar,"The game as self is the nightmare and not the story, i can tell you'r REAL nightmares there out of your dreams."
,Not Recommended,253330,14427058,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,BonanaQueen,"The style is (IMO) a beautiful homage to one of my favorite artists Edward Gorey. I was extremely excited to play this, and enjoyed.....The first hour of it. It become repetitive very quickly and I never got a sense that I was actually making progress. Does this game end? I have to admit that I didn't finish it because, well, I got bored. And why your character is an ashmatic kid who can't run for more than 5 seconds without sounding like he's about to pass-out is beyond me but it sure added to my quickly declining interest. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this unless you have money to get rid of."
76561198246959410,Recommended,253330,28871698,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SirCobsAlot,i beet the game it is amazing 10/10 so creepy i had to look arond my room when i was playing this game nightmare tomy is so creepy maltabel endings nightmares can branch on to difrent nightmares
,Recommended,253330,17212768,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"dare,",10/10 would play again high on mushrooms.
76561198021391044,Not Recommended,253330,15086421,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,pep556,What should be a game with a intense atmosphere is wrecked by huge bouts of repetitiveness. Would not pay more than a dollar for this game without feeling ripped
,Recommended,253330,13799197,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cow,this game gave me the heebie-jeebies
76561197999892327,Recommended,253330,21430949,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Serious,This is 2D-Psycho-Horror!!!Nothin more to say
,Not Recommended,253330,21309356,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Super Mister Master Thief,"I was expecting something deep and dark and intense, a game that makes me hesitant to play it out of fear, what I got instead was a sore finger from holding down the right key the whole time.  Spent $7.50 on this game, not even worth 75 cents.  If I want a horror game, I'll play Outlast or something of a similar nature.  Don't waste your money"
76561198060280493,Recommended,253330,26958830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eevee Engi (Friendly),Too Spooky For MeHowever I'd Hug The Baby
,Recommended,253330,32525320,Posted: 17 June,all,Mr. Anderson,Great game!
76561198065459616,Recommended,253330,16677271,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[DK]Jlindk,Nice game. But not to the price.
76561198013452193,Recommended,253330,16660818,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cammaximus Wrex,Needs more blood.
76561198130514798,Not Recommended,253330,20617857,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,amphetamachine,"Waaaay too overpriced at $15.This is walking simulator that's mildly frightening at best, and downright boring and repetitive at worst.Large sections of this game were there simply to pad out gameplay time. Zero replay value, un-challenging and repetitive puzzles. It feels like the game just gives up trying to scare you about halfway through.But hey, at least it's an easy achievement hunt."
,Recommended,253330,24747652,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,CerealKlr02,I absolutely loved this game. The graphics are awesome and they make the game very eery. The sound in this game is creepy. The story line awesome. I hope the company that made this game makes more like this. This is like nothing I have every played before. I highly reccomend this game.
76561198041186040,Recommended,253330,35439339,Posted: 3 October,all,Killtodeath,"If you do not suffer from a mental illness, there's a high probability that you will give this a Neg. review cuz its repetitious and boring. I found it interesting. If you have an open-mind you should try this out."
,Not Recommended,253330,12253220,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Blinx_4eva,"Very disappointed with never-ending nightmares. The atmospheric build up managed to easily cross the line from a slow burn to intensely boring. I usually have very good patience for walking simulators and non-combat games but this pushed that way too far.And even when the game does get going, all you have to look forward to are monster encounters that rely on extremely simple stealth mechanics. Then the encounters get harder and harder, as if the developer forgot they weren’t making a Platform game. Nothing kills a horror game faster than obvious game mechanics and dying over and over and over.Worst of all, there are no new ideas here besides the art-style. Hunted house, creepy asylum, scary little girls. It’s like someone took a book of incredibly lazy horror tropes and made a game out of it. It even has the bald creepy baby heads all over the place, like it copied it’s homework from Alice: Madness Returns.The story is told just vaguely enough that my curiosity didn’t even kick in. if there’s some twist at the end of this game I can’t be bothered to find out because the rest of it doesn’t drop any clues."
,Not Recommended,253330,12263835,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Devon OO7,"I beat it last night. It's not very good. The art style and audio are fantastic, but everything else falls flat. It's almost similar to PT in the way that you walk down the same corridors and they change slightly every time. The problem is that instead of atmospheric horror that ♥♥♥♥s with you, Neverending Nigtmares has three different enemy types thaat you just have to sneak past with the same method everytime. Once you know how to get past the enemy, it's simple. It's not a scary game at all, squandering its potential by having to sneak past the same monsters room after room. Overall it's pretty boring, and not worth the $13. I beat the game in about 80 minutes, and though there is multiple endings, I don't feel compelled to go back and see what they are."
76561198018355983,Not Recommended,253330,12278165,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,hardcoreterd,load of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10 pound for an hour gameplay?? 2 hours if you wana get the outher endings witch or rubbish anyway. gameplay is awfull just open doors and hide from the 2 enemies in the game. really dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,253330,12734021,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,(NBK) Klonopin,"Game looks amazing, art style wise. Not much story going on... and I beat the game in 3 hours.4/10Don't spend $15 on this game... not worth it. I would say jump for $5."
76561198084323323,Recommended,253330,12255051,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,hinglemcringleberry,I GOT ♥♥♥♥ED IN THE♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198085541147,Recommended,253330,14523090,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,The Illuminati,This game is so scary that it shifted my balls into a different position and now when I sit my balls now have funny bones.
76561198016257153,Not Recommended,253330,12294696,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DraxTemSklounts,"Umm, it could have been scarier. i liked the story. but it could have been twisted."
76561198019743489,Recommended,253330,12257179,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,iwrestledabearonce,Awesome game! But i want more nightmares! =)
,Recommended,253330,12307852,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Beatmy5team,This game is very well made and would highly recommend it. The audio is perfect for the game and even though the game is mostly black and white it still plays outstandingly well. Would like to see more by these creators.
,Recommended,253330,12271787,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,loveisdeath5,"“Love can be so hauntingly beautiful, waking up past selves that have been wandering aimlessly through the corridors of our soul, for far too long. When someone else can take us from the ghost-town of our inner-selves, to exciting new landscapes, it's worth the risk, just to feel reborn.”10/10"
,Recommended,253330,12289824,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SouIess,"I really enjoy this game. As a fan of horror games, it really surprise me by the originality. At first point it doesnt look like psychological horror but after few... well... chapters or nightmares or whatever, i realize how amazing it is. I give this game 10/10 because i dont found any - only +. Soundtrack was great, story was great and i love these graphics. Well maybe only 2 - i found were that game was really but extremely short and there werent as much jumpscares as i thought but in my opinion it was worth for price i bought it. I recommend this game to any horror game fan or any psychological thriller game/movie fan and indie lovers. I dont really recommend this to people that judge game by 3d graphics and♥♥♥♥♥♥like these . I hope there will be part 2 because it was amazing experience. Big thanks and respect to Ifinitap Games for bringing amazing piece of game like this."
76561197970677157,Not Recommended,253330,13017902,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DayenTech,"Fore the money, it was NOT worth it.  Am I wrong for expecting  more than what I got ?  I found the game somewhat interesting.  The concept and sound were very good.  AS far as a story line..... FAIL!  Toooo many doors, tooo much walking, almost ZERO interaction with the environment other than looking at pictures on the wall, minor blood spat, or a meat grinder in the kitchen that mean nothing... SIGHS! THEN... it just ended! WTF!!!!!!This should have been a free alpha version teaser to a full game.I'd like my money back please! $15 for what.... DAMN IT!"
,Not Recommended,253330,22663296,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheScatterbrain,"I'm sorry, but this is one of the most boring and uninspired horror games I've ever played. In the hour and a half it took to get through the game I kept hoping for Anything mildly interesting to happen, but in the end I just felt like I had wasted my time.You play through a series of nightmares that all consist of walking through corridor upon corridor in such groundbreaking and refreshing settings as ~an old, abandoned house~, ~a psychiatric hospital~, and ~a graveyard~. I expected there to be some absurdity, maybe some surreal looking areas - these are nightmares after all - but there was hardly any to be found.Occassionally you will come across monsters that you have to get past to get to the next boring corridor. Some you need to hide from, some are blind but will attack if they hear you, etc. Pretty standard horror game mechanics, nothing new here either.Now, I could live with the boring gameplay and paint-by-the-numbers horror elements if only the game had an interesting story to tell, but even the story is about as trite and clichéd as they come. In the description it says the game was inspired by the creator's struggles with depression and OCD, but I didn't see anything that gave me any insight into what it was like to deal with that.I say this as someone who's struggling with mental illness myself, and am a little dissapointed that you'd use that as a selling point for something that only ever comes across as yet another horror story about some guy fighting monsters in a surreal alternate world because of a traumatic family incident. It never feels personal at all, it just falls flat.Also, apparently the game has multiple endnings, but it gives you no reason to want to replay it, so I don't know what the point of that even is.If you want to play a game where it feels like you're fighting mentall illness, play Knock Knock. If you want to play a game with a similar quirky children's book style, play Fran Bow. Both are much better horror games."
,Recommended,253330,12266573,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Killer9112,Finally finished it. One ending anyway. This is a fantastic story driven horror game with amazing jumpscares and even better atmosphere. There are only 8 levels but each one is unique and has its own theme. There are 3 endings in total and im sure all are as good as the one i just got. Highly recomend this for all you horror lovers. It is well worth the price.
,Recommended,253330,12265707,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,warrentastic,"Neverending Nightmars seems to derive horror from ever-presant dread rather than shock. There are some jump scares but they are few and far between. Areas are large and exploration requires a fair amount of endurance. This combinded with an increasingly oppressive atmosphere really create a kind of horror that you don't often see in games. I rarely felt frightened, more disquieted. It's a slow burn that builds up over time as you feel more and more out of control, a feeling aided by the modest control set.I will say, for people who dislike a ""less is more"" design philosphy, Neverending Nightmares can leave something to be desired. In spite of how quickly the game can be completed, there are segmets that seem to stretch endlessly. Combined with the reuse of art assets this can break the tension and create dull moments. A player expecing more direct engagement or variety could be disappointed.That said, I feel like these are intentional design choice. The game is crafted to express the thoughts and experiences of the lead developer's struggles with mental illness, specifically depression and OCD. Much of the explorative gameplay feels as though it pushes you to look at everything and leave no path unobserved. For my part, this evenually left me somewhat inured to the shock value of the esclating horrors while me general unease persisted. It was a very interesting experience and left me with plenty to mull over after the game's conclution. Regardless of any shortcomings, I feel that the style and vision expressed in Neverending Nightmares makes for a completely worthwhile experience."
76561198061424066,Recommended,253330,12266226,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,kiantegray,Keeps you on edge the whole time. Very Engaging and terrifying; A must play!
,Recommended,253330,12318385,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,starwind100,having just had a few moments to start the game my review will be brief. first some disclosure. i did back the game on kickstarter after trying the demo. however i didnt back enough to get alpha/beta acess so im not as spoiled on the game as some others may be. i will say this game isnt for anyone if youre looking for a challenge or even scary monsters or lots of jumpscares. this isnt the game for that. the game is atmospheric  with the audio and visuals presented to you in a way to try to unnerve you. the back grouds becoming worse in their conditions as you progress. some i have seen have complained about the characters movement speed and i know this will sound like a flimsy excuse. but if you stop to think about it. the character is in a nightmare and in nightmares you barely ever move as you would for real. i also dont know about many of you but if im in a strange envrionment where i feel threatend im not going to run like the wind and draw attention if i knock something over. the asthma aspect is something i find intersting and i like theres a limit.  i also find some of the images ive seen on my own playthrough so far and  LPS ive watched make me reach for that body part in sympathy.now whats not to like about this game? as ive said its not for everyone. like in a nightmare ive seen some places loop for a bit and start to mesh together but i dont think it detracts from the game unless by the time you reach the end of the first part of the asylum youre already bored or frustrated.  which i can see some people being.second the lack of jumpscares challenges or alot  of monsters. these may be common complaints from players coming into the game looking for something to scare them  most of them having played games like outlast or five nights at freddies or amnesia. honestly those games dont appeal to me where this one did. i like the fact that theres no challenge and instead of being frustrated or being jumpscared or chased for the hundredth time i can get myself immersed in the world the creator made.all in all i would reccomend giving the game a shot or watching an lp of it i can understand some saying the $15 price tag is a bit much and if youre hesitant wait until a sale. i believe this creator has some potential and would love to see him make one more before passing judgement on his abilities. i see this game as more of a window into the suffering of someone whose had dark thoughts and nightmares and how probably during those times he never felt it would get better.
76561198063799532,Recommended,253330,12263526,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BigBertha'sBeefCurtains,"okay, I'm going to stop screwing around and actually review this because it grabbed my attention and firmly held it in a headlock until completion.Neverending Nightmares is what would happen if Shel Silverstein and Guillermo Del Toro collaborated on a collection of fairy tales and poems for adults and someone made a game out of it.  This was a wonderful title and it's a great one to start out with if you wanna get into horror gaming.  The storybook illustrations, the tense atmosphere, the gritty and foreboding environments, even some of the enemies you encounter, just. . . everything. . . it's great.  EVEN THE SOUNDTRACK is keeping you on edge with it's whispers and deep tones as you make your way around the twisted dreamscape.  The developers put honest-to-God effort into this and I couldn't be more satisfied.  The price is a bit steep, especially for the short length of it, but if you've got the scratch and are curious enough, BUY IT.10/10 would wake up in a cold sweat after pulling the vein out of my arm again"
76561198053037765,Recommended,253330,12283547,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ShadowStorm,PEED MY PANTS 11/10
,Not Recommended,253330,17882675,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,txster,"Took a bit over an hour to get a first ending, about the same to see the others after that, with level/nightmare select and a guide.I'm torn about this one.I love the subject matter, I love that it is a very personnal project. Lots of cool ideas. Love the graphics. The audio is awesome. But I ended up liking the whole a lot less than I hoped I would.As agameit fails for me. Except jump scares (ok, there's a couple of nice ones) it wasn't scary to me. Creepy? Sure. The audio is the element working best at being oppressive and unnerving. Having no clear goal is a problem, that leaves exploration. But the levels are so empty that it wasn't fulfilling. There are no puzzles per say, you just progress in a rather straight line and double back when you find a dead (no pun intended) end. There are very few interactive elements, and a lot of those a rather bland, like many family portraits that are never of any use or reference to anything as far as I can tell. There are a couple of ennemies to dodge or run from, and if you die to them you'll restart in a nearby bed and do it again, or maybe it'll be one of the few story related ones and it'll make the 'story' 'progress' which inside of a level is basically redoing close to the same thing, but with slightly more messed up decoration and little less light.I do get the link to depression. Helplessness, repetition, little control over things.. As a statement I can appreciate it. As a game, it is just that: repetition. Maybe having my own battles with depression makes all of this a bit more mundane to me, I don't know.It is also just too slow for me.. Between wondering what could be the next jump scare and the slooooooooooow walking pace of the character, I found my mind drifting away, bored. Single elements, graphically, are really well done, but with so much repetition in tone, it becomes too samey to be scary to me.So. Is it good? Not really. Is it bad? Not really, either !! It is a cool thing expressing Matt's experiences, but I don't think it is a great game as is. I do wish for such things to exist, and I did pledge towards Matt's second title's KS (and would again if a 2nd attempt is made). If you're reading this still, you're probably curious and open enough to want to give it a shot, and to such people I would absolutely recommend a try. If you found this almost at random and are looking for a game-game, this is a harder sell to say the least, unless you're really easily unsettled and scared by disturbing imagery."
76561198000238425,Not Recommended,253330,16538115,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Smokin' Hottie,a walking simulator.  Short and boring
,Not Recommended,253330,19385033,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lord Martin,It's a good thing I got this title on sale 80% off. This is a totally boring and stupid game. You just walk through rooms. You get bored. Yawn fest.
76561198055499616,Not Recommended,253330,18371041,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,canaan banana,It's fine.... if you've got to scratch the horror itch this'll do it but the game's not nearly as deep qnd clever as it wants you to think it ia.  Very conventional and disappointing for as innovative as it purports to be.
,Not Recommended,253330,18827276,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,VanillaGremlin,Hand drawn artwork looks amazing along with atmospheric music.However game itself feels like walking simulator with repeated elements and lots of same looking corridors.There is almost no interaction with surrounding objects.Character walks too slow which is very annoying.3/10
76561198067453194,Not Recommended,253330,18815506,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,"The drawing style is nice and was also the reason I bought the game. Unfortunately, it has not much to offer. You have to find your way around in a 2D world and past some monsters and that's it. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,253330,18386302,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Bob,"This game had a lot of things about it which I thought were very good but I can't bring myself to recommend it as over all it was rather boring. The art style is nice with the dark, detailed, hand drawn style but the over use of bright red blood negated the impact for me as it made it seem overly childish. The music and sound effects are excellent especially they way the sound effect subtly herald the approach of an enemy. The music together with the visuals create a great atmosphere that reminded me of the good silent hill games in places. The story is disappointing it starts of with mysterious hints as to what is going on but never really develops. I suppose they had to keep it vague to get it to fit in with each of the different endings but it just felt like it was going nowhere then suddenly an ending happened. The main problem is that this game mostly involves slowly walking through very similar corridors until something happens causing you to wake up and repeat the process.howlongtobeat.comsuggested this game would take 1.5 – 2 hours to complete so I started this game with the intention of playing the whole game in one session but after an hour or so I was too bored to carry on. On another occasion after dying and waking up I took a wrong turn and inadvertently started heading off in the wrong direction, because the levels are so repetitive I did not realise this until I had got all the way back to the very beginning of the section. I guess the repeated similar environments were supposed to give the impression of being trapped and heighten the sense of horror but in the end it was just boring."
76561198089460532,Recommended,253330,12340123,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,David Mihail,"! If you have heart attacks don't play this game, contains a lot of jumpscares .... seriously ... and a great series of nightmares"
,Recommended,253330,33624332,Posted: 18 July,all,AustTheSauce,Needs update for full screen mode it flickers and then turns my whole computer blue for some reason.
,Recommended,253330,13463424,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Spizy Chicken,"Love it! Much like my own nightmares and dreams.I was attracted to this game because of the dev's personal backstory of depression and OCD and the fact he based this game on those experiences. There's a meaning, a purpose and a real feeling of purpose for the game when you realize that.This is a game that you need to pay close attention to detail with. Every picture, photo, object, tells a bit of a story along the way. It's not about running through it as fast as you can. Take your time, relax, and let yourself get involved, keeping in mind the creator has based the story and images on his own personal dreams and issues. Thats the key!If you jump into the game expecting to run and gun and fight monsters you will miss the entire meat of the game."
76561198061780239,Recommended,253330,28717764,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GunKorosuKaz,"This game is quite short but, it's still okay."
76561198109671372,Recommended,253330,31820801,Posted: 18 May,all,[S] ☆Metalmancer☆ ~Interface~,Unreplayable whete is devastating dreams?
76561198000025130,Not Recommended,253330,12269167,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Raped_lemon,"was good for about 10 minutres. walking around gets boring after a while. didnt really feel there was to much to do in the game besides walk around. alot of people say ""it will give the hardend horror fan's the chills"" well obviously you guys haven't played p.t on ps4!"
,Not Recommended,253330,12282054,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Brackhar,"Despite the cool premise and great sound design, this game is incredibly boring.  There are exceedingly few interaction points with the world, both from a gameplay perspective and narrative one, which means that you're left with a game that basically amounts to you walking down over-long cooridors with copy-pasted art assets.I would not recommend this on any basis."
76561198057076232,Recommended,253330,12253298,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,necromaster,"I DONT RECOMEND PLAYING THIS ALONE. PLAY WITH FREINDS ITS A LOT MORE FUN THAT WAYthe length is a bit of a dissapointment for £10 as well as questionable framerate drops. 90 minutes on first playthroughthe monsters are scary untill you know thier patrol patterns then they are reasonably easy to get past.the atmosphere is great for what little time it has to develop which is an echievement in itself since pacing seems to be a religios taboo to modern horror games. so i have to applaude them on that. dread is a strong feeling in the game which makes it more than your average screemer fest.if you were waiting for this game since the demo then buy it, i think it is overpriced at the moment though. i would recomned playing this game at night with freinds while drunk, theres enough disturbing gore to make yourself and everyone around you vomit (if your all drunk, belive me it does happen)if you want a small horror game to gnaw on then either play this or five nights at freddys, if you want to play a great horror game play amniesia DD or ride to hell retribution (seroisly its in the steam horror list lol). either way bring freinds to watch!"
76561198027267291,Not Recommended,253330,12334296,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,wHOdUNITS,"Not Good Enough, Not Scary Enough, BORING!!! (Give me my money back!)"
,Recommended,253330,12253695,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"I just completed it.  It was pretty short clocking in at under 2 hours. It was a pretty decent game but there wasn't a ton to do, it was pretty much walking from point A to B.  This game is very very overpriced, it should be around $5.3/5 - I'd recommend it if you enjoy horror but it's best picked up when on salePS:  You're MUCH better off buying ""The Cat Lady"" on Steam for $5 less.  It's a far better and is a similar side scrolling horror."
,Recommended,253330,12255217,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,riq,Don't read up on the game. Don't look at screenshots. Just play it. Have no expectations. None.I liked it. That's all I'll say just to not ruin it.
76561198086404682,Recommended,253330,12255236,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Esperware,"I mean, it's good. But, the demo made us feel it had more to it than this. Maybe I didn't get into the right branching paths. But, I finished the game in about an hour and a half, don't know how I feel about this. Great atmosphere, lots and lots of walking..."
,Recommended,253330,12319969,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Gecko,"In the end, it's an interesting little game. A bit on the short side, but it's apparently intentional.I may have my numerous disagreements with numerous design decisions, but that doesn't stop it from being a neat little experience."
,Recommended,253330,12269335,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Chongo,"A short horror story that doesnt dissapoint,It's bloody, gross and full of shocking imagry. The art style really emulates being lost in the dark pretty well and the story lasts just long enough to stay its welcome.Worth the $8 or so bucks i paid."
,Recommended,253330,12273937,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nymphbeta,"Awesome game.I give 10/10 for the great gameplay,nice graphic and enviroment and scary as hell jumpscares."
,Recommended,253330,12261291,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,EdgyClumsyFag95,"This game is really good but unfortunately, $13.50 SGD of price makes me wonder if it is justified. I finished the game as well as to find all the endings, all in 3 hours (It was meant to be 2 on mine but it was actually 3 hours because I started from the middle of the game itself sometimes). Would I recommend it? With some hesistation, yes. Wait for a discount would be better.Nevertheless, the game brings out a different horror genre itself. Other games scares you with well planned jump scares. This game however, makes you uncomfortable to the core and adds mental stress to you at times, which should be a psychological horror genre game. The atmosphere can be pretty scary and freaky too.The art style of this game is inspired/ originated from Edward Gorey, which gives a distinct style as if everything is drawn out with ink. The intensity of black horizontal lines are the marks of bright and dark areas. The game has only black and white unless there are objects that you can interact with or there is blood (red).The level design is great and because of the art and colour style, the players do understand what can be interacted without the help of a tutorial though the enemies do take time to figure about on how to avoid them.The sounds are really aiding with the atmosphere as well. It's distorted, the music is weird and is out of place and makes you more uncomfortable. If you play the game, be sure to wear a headphone. They have made it so that the experience is more immerse with headphones.This game is an unforgettable experience and I would give it 3.8/5"
,Recommended,253330,12269293,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,akinlin,Short and repetitive but interesting and fun. If its at a good price I recommend picking it up.
,Recommended,253330,12271479,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jdogg4eva,Game had my skin crawling this will mess with you for awhile
76561198030536327,Recommended,253330,12256537,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Bennick,"I haven't beaten the game yet, so no spoilers really, but I gotta say that, so far, this thing is pretty masterfully done. These guys understand that the cornerstones of horror are isolationism, helplessness, and heavy atmosphere. It does all of them quite well. There are times, however, where certain monsters are used a bit too much and they can slow down and even break the experience. Once you get past those little parts though, there's PLENTY of good stuff. These parts with too many monsters number maybe.... one or two? I don't know what else is in store for me but in about 2 hours of gameplay, I've come away with a very satisfactory horror experience."
76561198026594782,Recommended,253330,12268044,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DillHole,A terrifying and enjoying way to spend two hours of your day.
76561197970384883,Recommended,253330,12275481,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,FHDA,82%
,Recommended,253330,12955533,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Buster,"""Memorably disgusting gore, beautiful line art, and a stunning soundtrack.""Read the full review"
76561198060161490,Recommended,253330,12356095,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,drago7147,This is a game.
,Recommended,253330,12366657,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"Only about 80 minutes long, but a fun 80 minutes that was creepy but not overly stressful scary. Good atmosphere, but no real story to speak of. Lots of creepy imagery, but the biggest challenge will be to maintain your patience with the long, somewhat repetative hallways. Read more here:http://blogsothoth-gaming.blogspot.com/2014/09/quickly-ending-nightmare.html"
76561197989950810,Recommended,253330,12333531,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dr. Dorado,Very simple game to play.  The use of black and white as the main colors and the hand drawn look works very well for this title and the whole dream aspect of it.  Jumped a few times playing this and you HAVE to play this with a headset on and turned up to fully appreciate the ambient noises and soundtrack that is both simplistic and makes you feel uneasy when it wants you to.  I consider this a MUST buy for all my friends.
,Recommended,253330,12356255,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,JVCope,"Edward Gorey Simulator 2014-IGNBut seriously.Amazing story, great atmosphere, and an excellent Dark Ambient soundtrack that i better see in my inventory one day. It all blends into one of the greatest horror titles i have played in my life.And not. One. single. Cheap as hell. Jumpscare."
,Recommended,253330,12371016,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TSRogue,"This game so far has been able to not only creep me out, but immerse me into such an amazing story! I love this game, I have been recording my playthrough of it, and videos will be up (not a promotion)! This game captures the essence of horror with sound and subtlety rather than just going into anticipation of big, scary monsters. This game is definitely worth getting!"
,Recommended,253330,12356865,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ghostroid,"One of the coolest games I've played in awhile. Animation style is awesome. Very creepy and suspenseful. Sound is amazing through headphones. Also, I use an Alienware keyboard and the game actually changes the color of the keyboard to suit different parts of the game. Very neat added feature."
76561198207099315,Not Recommended,253330,24713700,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mcdonald,When I downloaded this game and tried to play it my entire screen went dark but when I turn off my computer and turn it back on it worked but I shouldn't have to do that.
76561198043401618,Recommended,253330,15929608,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SickRamen,"A great soundtrack with really well built sound effects.A beautiful creepy art style in tone with the theme.Gameplay is quite dry. This is a walking simulator in all its splendor.The whole story is rather short (90') but that is actually a good thing because it gets a bit repetitive around the end. Character movement is quite slow, which adds to the theme, but does add a feeling of slowness that will bother the action fan.Recommended to those who want an artistic, scary, disturbing experience diving into a suffering mind."
76561198097889038,Recommended,253330,28554370,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BRO_CHACHO,Meh
,Recommended,253330,16913231,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ICK369,"this game is really good, the soundtrack is amazing and the whole game its surpising just play it and u will find out"
,Recommended,253330,16639052,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Top Nep,"As a man with asthma, I can confirm this is what my life is like."
76561198167417976,Recommended,253330,14339223,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SS-Oberscharführer Räucher Hans,this is good but why not with german voice?
,Recommended,253330,12249781,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bisbin,"Okay finished the game now. (At least one of the endings)Short? Yes. Sweet? Yes! I am not one to get scared easily by any kind of media, but this got to me. It is intensely creepy and unsettling, with a fantastic atmosphere aided by the brilliant art and sound design. This truly was a unique experience I'm glad to have had, and I highly recommend it, the price of admission is worth it!"
76561198036248583,Recommended,253330,12250647,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Twan Dollaz,"Amazing game, awesome atmosphere, and pretty damn freaky I give it a 10."
76561198040831065,Recommended,253330,12252027,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Digtalwarriorz82,This game is an illustrated nightmare check it out spiraling into the abyss of madness  the sound alone will only immerse you deeper into the the terror 3 different endings amosphere is haunting check this game out you won't be dissapointed I know I wasn't
76561198017976211,Not Recommended,253330,12322097,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Potini,"dont waste your money, if it goes free to play dont waste your time."
,Recommended,253330,12307596,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,The Joker,I'm ♥♥♥♥ing done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥:'(
76561198131101100,Recommended,253330,32042260,Posted: 29 May,all,Dark Maniac(╥﹏╥),WooooooooooooY!!!I love horror game<3
76561198074751147,Not Recommended,253330,24751370,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Heisendinger,"A walking simulator with little substance, poor atmosphere, bland characters, and a forgettable story. I'm really disappointed, because the visual style is very sharp and would serve a stronger game well.Also lol the dev gave themselves a positive review to try and sell the game. Not cool."
76561197978273353,Not Recommended,253330,12612476,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Marhados,lol I bought this game because it was advertising has the scariest game ever... I almost felt asleep playing it...0.99 would have been a great price to pay
,Not Recommended,253330,12452185,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Red Son,"Just watch the walkthrough of this game with commentary on YouTube. It's very stylized, and also very light on gameplay and story. Got a few scares and rather limited environment. You get hooked right at the start but lose interest after 30 minutes of playing Walking Simulator 2014. Some audio narration would have made this game way better. Or, you know, getting rid of all those annoying KickStarter backer pictures in the game, there are more than dozen of em and they distract from the story. Plus the story contains half of a Microsoft Word page in comic sans 14..."
76561198025028548,Not Recommended,253330,23463045,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mr. Tweedy,"Dumb. Unpleasant for the sake of unpleasantness, with no real challenge, story, or theme. Did not finish."
,Not Recommended,253330,13859622,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ℝℯ⊻ℯℵℊ∄❤,"If you like walking, this games for you.This game is 90% filler.Having you constantly walk through the same rooms or putting things in the way just because there is no game.I can't recommend this at all.It's not scary or interesting in anyway."
,Recommended,253330,28755867,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pggamer213,THIS GAMES A IS SO SCARY AND COOL but its not scarry for me becasue i watched ericvanwilderman do it all so its not that scary so i think who like play scary should rate this up even before they play the game!
,Not Recommended,253330,12528029,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Enzime,"let me start by saying that i think adult and middle-age men who play this for youtube with selfie cams AND scream like a little ♥♥♥♥♥ at Everysingle chance - should ♥♥♥♥ing commit suicidenext i'll say that if you like people who do this and you support them - i sincerely hope you get cancer.... because you ARE cancergrown men screaming at computer games should be nailed to a cross and have there balls cut off slowlyonto the game review:this game has an art style that i thought looked kinda Cool to be fair, and the story to the game i thought was ♥♥♥♥ing Brilliant !! however it turns out that scenary to this game is overused and betrays a lack of original thoughthaunted house - graveyard - insane asylum = cliché and its own worst enemy, the jump scares are easy to anticipate since you are Constantly in some kind of evil surrowndingthe constant walking certainly felt ''Neverending''i recommend you watch a youtube video without some ♥♥♥♥♥ screaming like an 8 year old girl all the way through then decide for yourself, i think its a good idea for a game, but predictable and full of clichés - no where near as cool as The suffering (ps1)"
,Not Recommended,253330,12248406,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TheOperator,"NN is not scary. It's imagery repeats itself ad nauseam, the enemies aren't scary and are easy to avoid, you can figure out the story in 10 minutes, and the game doesn't last long. There are 3 different endings and a couple of different paths to take. I have only completed one ending, but have no desire to see the others.I would not recommend this game to anyone looking for anything scary. The game commits the ultimate horror sin of creating what by all rights should be a great atmosphere, but taking to long to get around to it. This does not lead to tension as the music and imagery is repeated."
76561198077164582,Recommended,253330,18823602,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Caramel Bear,"This game achieves what it initially sets out to do , but it is often repetitive in the sense that there is a lot of mindless running for a good portion of the game.This game is basically Amnesia + Outlast's cousin.Sounds will leave you spooked for a long time."
76561198277449910,Recommended,253330,30596326,Posted: 18 March,all,Sgt. Slaughter,"I decided to buy this game after seeing a gameplay video of it on youtube.Pros:Very creepy. I have always thought the 2D hand-drawn style that this game adds such a spooky element.Unique and nostalgic. It reminded me of the scary children's books that I used to read as a kid.The game doesn't rely too much on cheap jump scares, but rather sets up an errie atmosphere through the music and setting. Although it can be repetitive at some times, the overall creepiness of the game keeps your heart pounding.Cons: It should cost $4.99, $9.99 MAX. $15 is pretty steep.The player moves very slow while moving up and down the stairs, which tested my patience. There are some rooms that are pointless to enter and only waste time.Overall, I would recommend this game. Play it with a friend, It gives a good scare."
76561198038319784,Not Recommended,253330,16090675,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dunner Homes,"WALKING SIM 2015 you like walking right,enemys that are just designed to make the game longerTHEN THIS GAME IS FOR YOU"
,Recommended,253330,19395114,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Paradajz,This game is beautiful.
,Recommended,253330,13173305,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ultimate V Man,"Amazing game, very well done! If you like creepy games this is for you."
,Recommended,253330,13485532,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jakalarf,"Great game IMO. It focuses more on atmosphere and less on gameplay. The game is pretty short, I beat it in about 3 hours. But dispite it's length Its a great game. It's definetly not for everyone but if your interested I would definetly recommend it, I Had alot of fun going deeper and deeper into the Neverending Nightmare."
,Recommended,253330,13485868,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TheBushChild,"This is not just some old horror with cheap scares and cliche antagonists. This is an artist's expression, the developer's impression of their own first-hand experiences with OCD and depression. It will have you on edge, heart in your throat and begging for an end. But you can't stop.The art style is very bleak, with few colours (usually on interative objects) and reminiscent of a childerens' picture book, which reflects well with the game's story and message.The gameplay is very basic, almost being an interactive story, but with the occasional challenge when you come accross one of the game's few 'enemies'.That is all I shall reveal, if you are looking for a horror experience that looks futher than cheap cliches, this game is for you. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,253330,13469692,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Salty Bob,"I must admit it took me some time on deciding if I would reccomend this game or not but the crucial question to ask yourself is how much are you willing to pay for something a little different.THE GOODYou should know that this game is certainly not  a ""must play"" but I do give credit where credit is due. The penciled in artstyle with highlights of color is certainly interesting and is something I really enjoyed seeing compared to so many dull, grey, 3D horror games. The images in the backgrounds are also very well done with plenty of both overtly horrific images as well as many subtly disturbing images. There are also a few jump scares sprinkled throughout for good measure but they are spaced far enough apart that they dont become tedious. I should also mention the sound design is really quite supurb. When using headphones you can hear plenty of slight noises such as whispers or footsteps that increase the dramatic tension. Last of all the price is fairly reasonable. I was able to buy this game during a winter sale for $6.75 USD which is less than I've paid for much worse games.THE BADThe biggest complaint you will find from myself and others is the lack of player agency (walking simulator is in the tags for a good reason). The actual gameplay largely consists of only walking forward and avoiding enemies and even when avoiding enemies it's a simplistic affair as you will likely only die a couple of times before recognizing a pattern in the enemy behavior. Another major issue is that the game manages to be both short (about 2 hours for 100 percent completion) and yet tedious. You'll see many recycled hallways that you'll have to run through with the shortest invisible stamina bar in the world. While this repetitive nature does help the game feel more like an actual nightmare that you cannot escape from it does lose its charm fairly quickly.CONCLUSIONIf you have a few extra dollars in your steam wallet and want to try a different but short horror game give Neverending Nightmares a try! For anyone that is looking to get the best for their money this one may be worth a pass."
76561198142477629,Recommended,253330,13473472,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,m.truong,Neverending nightmares is a very original game. It's a psychological walkthrough with unique moments.
,Recommended,253330,13478708,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sammael,"This is a deeply unsettling game, one that will likely fill you with a sense of uncomfortable dread. The animation resembles charcoal drawings and the music is deliberately creepy. An interesting and original title. It is however, very short, so get it when it's on sale if possible."
76561197995824317,Recommended,253330,13480287,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ScimmiaDiMorte,I....am so......startled.
76561198045988944,Recommended,253330,13514122,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cors,Fantastic artwork and soundtrack!  It really makes this game stand out.  Hope this is just one of many games to come for the development team!
,Recommended,253330,13514316,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BackSinner,"This indie game is not only incredible, it's incredibly disconcerting. A magnificent slight portrayal of descent into madness. You should take a look. You'll either see it through to the end, or completely stop."
76561198156349703,Recommended,253330,13761698,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,STYRYL_MAST3R™,I very much enjoyed the feel of the game and the music really brought it together. I love this game and would recommend this game to anyone who loves a good jump and mystery.
,Recommended,253330,13687175,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aimy (ง ◉◡◔)ง,"Starts strong but gets boring, incredible boring...And you can run for like 5 meters until your stamina is low and you start to breathe like a fat old man... Then 10 seconds later, you're calmed down and you can run again (for 5 meters, obviously)"
,Recommended,253330,13562432,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ubernoodle,"A horror game light on actual scares (or content) but held up by its impeccable sound design and foreboding atmosphere. Incredibly short, so it's best bought on sale."
,Recommended,253330,13555406,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ruthless Banana,This is a very solid horror game. The first few nightmares are effective but the game slows once you reach the asylum but is able to regain some of its best moments when the story splits into three endings. The only replayability present is finding all of the different endings. The gameplay is tense but gets repetitive. Overall he game goes from being great and genuinely terrifying but stumbles towards the end. I give Neverending Nightmare a 7.5/10
76561198083305328,Recommended,253330,13561478,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jake R.,"Due to the fact that I'm a wimp (and not a big fan of the horror genre), I only had the courage to complete one path of this game. That being said, this game has a ton to offer both those who are a fan of horror and those who are not. This game was certainly a thriller to play through and definitely kept me on the edge of my seat! It seemed as though the devs put so much time and thought into the game that the game scared you when you least expected it and didn't scare you when you did expect it. While those jump scares were obviously frightening, the part of Neverending Nightmares that really made the game was the progressively unnerving atmosphere. The visuals and audio were a constant reminder to me that there would be no sunshine and rainbows to be had in this game. Once again, whether you are a fan of the horror genre or not, do yourself a favor and buy this game. While it only took me a few hours to complete one path, the price is definitely worth the experience (even if you only complete one ending like myself.) Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,253330,13579955,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RAIZO,"Don’t let the hand-drawn look of this game fool you (though this was one of the things that first brought this game to my attention), for it is profoundly disturbing and deeply psychological.  There is the stark contrast of black and white throughout, often offset by traces of blood and certain other colors for objects that you can interact with.  Perhaps interact isn’t the proper word to use here; more like ‘look’ at, as this game doesn’t utilize an inventory system and there are no collectibles of any kind to pick up along the way.Also, it’s extremely short and likely won’t take you more than 30 – 45 min. to complete, though there are a few different endings of sorts, and branching pathways leading up to said endings for you to discover, which adds replay value.  The length is the only gripe I can envision people having with Unending Nightmares, especially when considering the $15 price tag, so you may want to get it when it’s on sale. Some may find the lack of objectives/puzzle elements and an inventory system as something to complain about, but I personally found those aspects of this game to be something of a breath of fresh air that in no way seems to detract from the allure of this game.The psychological aspect of Unending Nightmares harkens back to the earlier days of Silent Hill; its often disjointed plot progression does make sense (at least a little bit) in the end, but regardless of what you may think about that, you’ll be left feeling the same sense of confusion/fear/loss that the protagonist (Thomas) suffers through, which are emotions too few games horror games elicit in the player.And lastly, let’s not forget about one of the most important (arguably THE most important) aspect of any horror game – the sound. The sound design of Unending Nightmares is, in a word, remarkable; vastly more balanced and disturbing than I would have expected from an indie horror game. The effects and ambience are truly haunting and will stay with you long after you finish playing the game. The snatches of speech throughout are also nice and the voice acting is decent despite the brief nature of these moments in the game.I definitely recommend that you give this game a chance, and even if you can’t get it on sale, all the aforementioned aspects work so well together that you won’t regret paying full price.  Definitely a gem in a flagging genre that is increasingly becoming riddled with games that developers have put little effort into making a compelling experience in the way they once were."
,Recommended,253330,13581510,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,FEISTI_STI,"This game is excellent. Creepy, scary, artistic. Full of jumps and scares. I recommend playing with headphones on for the creepiest experience. This is the first game in a very long time to hold my interest and keep me playing. You never know what is through the next door or around the next corner. I thought I had beaten the game just to find out there are alternate endings. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,253330,13815358,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Juanmower,Messed up in the best of ways. The sense of dread is so overpowering in this game and the art style offers no reprieve. Incredible.
,Recommended,253330,14516978,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rob27shred,"A great little indie horror game here! Not a ton of content but there is 4 different endings so the replay value is high. Mostly this is a walking sim with a ton of atmosphere but the way it is put together & it's story being open to your personal interpretation gives it a unique feel among similar games. I'm not gonna BS you, the game is short & lacks any type of real gameplay (i.e. no way to fight back against enemies, not much interaction with the enviroment) so if you're looking for horror game with action this not for you. On the other hand if you're looking for a unique horror experience & not adverse to more of an experience than a game this may be for you. IMO the only real con about this game is the price, I feel that $15 is a little steep for what it offers but if you can get it on sale I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,253330,14512062,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SB | WriterV,Been playing this with the lights off at 5 am in the morning. It's so good that even my roommate gets creeped out by its sounds.
,Not Recommended,253330,15991126,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,NukpanaWithEnvy,"it has a very good concept going on but kinda fell off. The story isn't really there, very lack luster. There is no ""feelings"" when playing this game, i don't feel connected to it. it is very bland and short, i understand it is a continuous loop of nightmares but there is no fear because things are reused in the games design, maps, decorations, monsters, when you reuse these things people start to become desensitized really quickly. the art was really nice and it was a refreshing take on someones vision, but the game truly fell short."
76561197960436733,Recommended,253330,16547041,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PsiShock101,"It's short, and not worth the price... -unless- you want to start to understand this type of psychological illness. While the story is, in my opinion irrelevant, the game itself is the example. This game is art.Part of the game is developing a constant desire to check everything for some kind of change. Rooms overlap and display subtle changes that may or may not catch your attention and may or may not matter. The actions required of the character, thus the player, are repetitive to an annoying level... except you almost always find nothing of major interest but you -want- to check anyway. What if something you need to progress was in that room or perhaps something new to see? Won't know unless you check. But there may or may not be a jump scare tied into that doorway. And chances are, nothing is special there... But what if it is? The eerie atmosphere is indicative of anxiety while the morbid/macabre and creepy is very representative of depression.If you can even remotely imagine feeling like the whole damn world doesn't give to ♥♥♥♥♥ about you or worse, is out to get you, and combine that feeling of dread with the same unease associated with not investigating every little thing, you can see where the idea for this game seems to stem from.Only thing I did not notice and would like to have seen is ritualistic behaivors. You must do specific things a specific way because something bad may happen if you don't. Eventually, if you failed to continue this repetitive behaivor, you start over again (die), and this happens 95% of the time at first. Eventually, the player will feel the compulsion to continue doing what is required, or else. And the best part is, once this is established for the player, the punishment for failure can be dropped in frequency yet the compulsion will remain a while. THAT is OCD for me.I've been in a dark place before I was medicated after being diagnosed OCD. This game is a pretty damn fine example of what certain things can feel like."
76561198121102992,Recommended,253330,16357475,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,AceOb1ivion,Neverending Nightmares was an interesting and simple game to play.While throughout the middle to end of the game got repetitive and slightly boring; the art and sound kept my interest into how the story would end. I would give this game an 7/10
76561198059975507,Recommended,253330,16074458,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Knightgaunt,"Masterpiece both Atmospheric and Horrifying, like being trapped in a gory Edward Gorey book. Simple yet Brilliant mechanics combined with Gothic Art, Tension, Shock and Frailty make this game a needed addition to the Art Horror genre."
,Recommended,253330,16302194,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Yagimitsu,"Pros:Very atmospheric and eerieThe art is amazing and eye-catchingThe story, for the most part, leaves you wanting to know moreEasy to grasp controls and mechanicsCons:Lack of variation with enemy encounters or game mechanicsEndings are not very conclusive, in my opinionA bit too short for the asked-for full priceGet it on sale if you can. It's a good game to experience at least once"
,Recommended,253330,16566392,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,"Reverend Meow, Investigator.","""Neverending Nighmares"" is a lovingly-crafted madness simulator.Infinitap Studios strikes a forceful, gut-liquifying chord on their first foray into horror game-making. If you were to throw in a Cthulhu or two, the forum fanboys would be slavering. As it is, however, there's no eldritch forces pulling the strings in ""Neverending Nightmares"", only the fevered coding of a man who has experienced madness and sorrow without relief.The mind behind this game, here we'll only call him Matt G., openly concedes that this game directly ties to the horror and pain in his own exeperinces with mental illness.  As such, gameplay is a constant drip of tense anxiety with each corridor, cupboard and cutscene and it never lets you off the hook. It's a constantly-dripping mindkcuf and it's GOOD.I won't lie, ""Neverending Nightmares"" isn't for everyone. There's no escapism here.There's no HUD, no upgradable weapons, no unlockable weapons. No teamspeak.In ""Neverending Nightmares"", you get a terrified young man in pyjamas, waking again in a gaslit bedroom after another nightmare. You won't get any points, but you will get to ride in a tortured mind and get to crawl around in his skin for a while - and that's something you don't see in a game too much.  You don't know a man until you've walked in his shoes and I take it that's kind of the whole point of this game.Thanks to Matt G. and his dev team at Infinitap Games.  I don't know him, but I know where he's coming from. If nothing else, keep watching this studio.  They're swinging big, they're swinging hard, and their technique is flawless.If you have the scratch and want to take a chance on ""Neverending Nightmares"", well...DO IT. If you don't like it, uninstall and take the refund. But I'm keeping mine and I'll be firing it back up right after I hug my wife and kid and let them know I love them more than anything.Good times,Doc Meow-30-"
76561198067046211,Recommended,253330,13644093,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Slab Lab,sPOOK
,Recommended,253330,15458311,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Teddo G Bear,"Well what can I say about Neverending Nightmares,Well for starters its a bit f-ed up but the whole time i was playing was a bit of a mind ♥♥♥♥ (Story wise) but the gameplay overall is comepletely simple and not hard for new gamers out their.its a simple pick up and play if i do say so myself. The graphics are not so bad but there are 3 cutscenes I think most viewers will be sickened by.So if you are weak to bloody animations I wouldn't recommend it.the game overall is really terrifying and overall a nightmare like the games title.but I will say the game is definately better then a game that crashes all the time.So it gets a 7.9/10 over all its a pretty good game,recommend it if your into horror"
76561198224910312,Recommended,253330,15509387,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,13BlueBananas,"I TOTALLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO OTHERS! Most people are all like, 'you just walk around and stuff there's no jumpscares or anything' but that's the best part! And there are so jumpscares. You never know what you're going to find... or what's behind you... or in front of you... or ALL AROUND YOU. Best horror game I've played so far.I've also discovered just how badly I don't want depression. Just saying."
76561198056340423,Recommended,253330,15477616,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,The White Hawk,"Bravo, absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,253330,16241443,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,spriggans,"if Edward Gorey designed a computer game, this would be that game. their use of hatching to create shadows of varying intensity is beautiful. i feel like i'm playing through the old intro to PBS' Mystery Theatre. Not ""abyss the dark decent"" scary but it makes me pretty jumpy all the same.:0"
76561198085073250,Recommended,253330,15744853,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Tracerround,"Maybe not the scariest game I've ever played, but incredibly orignal, wonderful, and intriguing. Beyond my expectations."
76561198054378009,Recommended,253330,16747625,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hyp3rc,"Neverending Nightmares is a fun little horror game. It kind of looks like a storybook in its art style, which works pretty well. The game is genuinely scary, especially when wearing headphones. It is incredibly short though. It only took me 90 mins to finish. I did only get one of the 3 possible endings but I didn't feel like I needed to play through again two more times to see those. I paid $7.50 for it, if you really like horror games that's a good price, otherwise wait for a better deal."
,Not Recommended,253330,16634812,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Have You Seen This Twink?,"I really want to like this, really I do, but I can't. The gameplay is way too simplistic, you walk left and right through corridor after corridor, each lined with repeating art assets. I found that every attempt to unnerve me was either too dull or too heavy-handed. Also, this, ""Thomas,"" guy literally can't run for more than ten to twelve seconds. I paid three dollars for this game, an amount I suppose is fair. But the base price of fifteen dollars? I don't think so."
76561197988226249,Recommended,253330,16766201,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,GlasgowKiss,I made my girlfriend play this for half and hour and she couldnt sleep for 3 days. I also couldnt get laid in those 3 days. Thanks Neverending Nightmare.
76561198074944400,Recommended,253330,16482323,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,portalfan64,"Inception: The Videogame directed by James Wan.A ruined pair of shorts/10Would crap my pants again.By the way, Josh Grelle is in this game!"
76561197962160248,Not Recommended,253330,18464386,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,attack pancake,Neverending Hallways
76561197983323833,Recommended,253330,17117967,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,*COG* Salamander,"This game is creepy and often disturbing despite the cartoony stlye, a stlye that is reminiscent of Edward Gorey cartoons which is quite appropriate. It's a bit short especially considering the title and has many parts that are just walking but there are some challenges to it and it doesn't rely on just jumpscares, although it does have those as well.If you like horror games with a lot of mood and atmosphere give it a shot. It's creative and interesting."
76561198027265213,Recommended,253330,18374187,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Babbleplay,"Visually amazing, a real treat for fans of horror and occasional gore. The art style is fantastic, and really suits the feel of the game, great atmosphere, and genuinely creepy.  Not the greatest thing ever gameplay-wise, but, not terrible, either.  It's largely just exploratory, with occasional stealthy bits where you have to sneak past killer whatsits patrolling in set patterns, and here and there you run like hell from a pursuing nasty, but, the lion's share of the game is just navigating the nightmare environment.  If you need a lot of pulse-pounding action in your gameplay, this is one to avoid and run away from like it was going to bite you.  There are intense moments, but, most of it is a slow burn, knowing something is coming, but not knowing what it will be, or when it will come.  There are branching choices that lead to multiple endings, so, it does have some replay value, though, long term, it's a lot of timing puzzles and the like. <<>> WARNING :  It gets graphic. Several flinchworthy scenes even not counting deaths."
76561197971599968,Recommended,253330,18401458,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bluesnow,"I'm not sure if i like this game or not. I love the art style thats true, but towards the end i found myself rushing to complete and get it over and done with. Its creepy, its a jump scary and its plain odd but its also confusing to a point that you dont know whats happening and whats the point. I play all sorts of game and this game is different. So maybe the differance is to like. It was an adventure at least.Play and make your mind up :p"
,Recommended,253330,18187341,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,R-B-A [BFTUK],Very good game!
76561198071299762,Not Recommended,253330,18563325,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,dthornsjo,"Terrific art style clearly inspired by Edward Gorey, some genuine scares, a couple of gross-outs... but the disturbing atmosphere soon turns into momotony as you really do walk, and walk, and walk, quite a lot through seemingly endless iterations of the same hallway, over and over and over, until you begin to wonder if you're doing it right, if the game really will ever arrive somewhere. Worth getting if you're in need of some Halloween chills, but ONLY if you can get it at a significant discount. For my part -- there appear to be three alternate endings, but nothing in the world could get me to walk through this again right now. Maybe next Halloween."
76561197967085956,Not Recommended,253330,18549295,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Serious Cow,Neverending corridors.
76561198174029318,Recommended,253330,18592349,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bilex,Good athmosphere.
76561198004006208,Recommended,253330,18687562,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,GaiaHero,"Creepy, methodical and yet so haunting."
76561198075184105,Recommended,253330,12429471,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Makankosappo,"this is not game, just enjoy the horror and jump scare in game, the art is amazing influence to edward goorey looks like very creepy"
,Recommended,253330,12436479,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MarkOnFire,"I don't get the reviews of this game that say it isn't scary - its genuinely disturbing. Use of sound and music to create atmosphere of absolute dread. Rarely broke me out of the experience to make me aware that this is a game, though the game-y bits are pretty simple pattern recognition."
76561198066006251,Recommended,253330,12645323,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Wrenched Monkey,3spooky5me
,Recommended,253330,14054084,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sam,This Is So Far My Favorate Horror Game. It Has Such A Creepy Setting Such a Creepy Back Story And Overall Its The Best Horror Game Ive Played 9.5/10
,Recommended,253330,13986491,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Chizu,"A game which I wished would never end. Unfortunately, it did. But despite the shortness, even when playing all possible endings of this game, I enjoyed every single minute of it. The atmosphere in this game was really breathtaking, depressed and even made me anxious from time to time.Drawing style what this game has, is fitting on the story really well. In different visuals this game would have been totally different and I think it would have made the game worse. I enjoyed it!"
76561197968080868,Recommended,253330,17555123,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mudmink,"The artwork alone in this game is creepy as ♥♥♥♥. Make sure to play at night, alone, with the lights out."
,Recommended,253330,17519107,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,JoniThePoni,"At first the game is really immersive and scared me a lot, but the further you go in it looses the scare factor. The art style is one of the cooler ones I've seen in a long time! The story is weird but it was interesting to me and the ending was cool too... I really wish there was more to this game, but sadly not. So I'm really in the middle of recommend or not.So I dunno, let's recommend, but it's not a full recommendation."
76561197988485895,Recommended,253330,17358241,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,stinkybritches,"the atmosphere is great and spooky, just what I would expect from the name. My only complaint is that its a little pricey for a game that can easily be completed in 2ish hours"
76561198046024494,Recommended,253330,16198797,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Necroblade,"I picked up Neverending Nightmares thinking to myself, this is going to be a good laugh. When I initially started the game, it was suggested that I play with headphones to experience it's special sound program. Alright game, you're on. *Plugs in Sennheiser HD 380pro Headset* I start playing the game thinking, well this is not so bad. I really like how it is designed. This is actually kind of fun. Let me start exploring every door. Then the goosebumps start. The nightmare gets freakier and once you wake up and realize you are still dreaming, and everything around you starts to change ever so slightly, you know then that this is going to be an awesome experience! The deeper you go within your dreams, the more twisted they become. If you enjoy horror genres and would like to tinkle your pants a little, pick this game up!"
76561198007182557,Recommended,253330,16107268,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Yote,"Definitely one of the most creepy games I have ever played. Correction: It's one of the creepiest experiences I have ever had, regardless of medium. Full stop.You can tell that the creator of this has been suffering from nightmares. Now you get to experience them too."
76561198097853542,Recommended,253330,16111371,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Ass Slinging Slapper,"I see a lot of complaints about the slow running/lack of stamina of the character, and my boyfriend proposed a very good explanation for this. While I complained about the serious breathing problems and slow running of the protagonist, he said ""that's how it is when you try to run in dreams.""So, might not be the reason why this kid is so athletically challenged, but it is a pretty interesting theory!"
,Recommended,253330,13664883,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,YKA,"It doesn't really feel like a game. Basically you are wandering through nightmares without much gameplay-wise interaction. It was a very unique experience and worth buying. I think I may have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I bought it for a full price, since its a little short and needs multiple playthroughs for all endings. But since I bought it during steam sales it was totally worth it.If you're OK with the fact that this is ""not really"" a game, und you're into experimental stuff, then I'd recommend it for you guys out there. Anyhow, I'd wait for a steam sale before buying it for the full price. The standard price is a little overpriced, as  the full experience is rather quite short"
,Recommended,253330,13754010,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Left at Death,"I'll recommend this on the art style alone. Beat it in one sitting (few hours), overall I'd give it a B. Very creepy atmosphere and some decent jump scare moments. I'm not sure what this game was trying to communicate in terms of message, but I at least have an idea that its about depression and blame. There are multiple endings based on what happens when you play, i recommend watching the others on youtube after finishing the game."
,Recommended,253330,13652473,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GayGamerGeek,"Awesome creepy experiece, it's like the Edward Gorey Silent Hill story you've always wanted!"
76561198012628436,Recommended,253330,13653336,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sori,"Was a great game! I enjoyed it alot and the fact that there's multipule endings makes it even better, more game play for your money!"
,Recommended,253330,13661894,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shadrach,"Small and quite scary, and at time very disturbing game - good entertainment and controller support makes it perfect for playing tucked under the blanket on the sofa on a dark stormy night.Some of the walking in hallways does get a bit long-winded and they could have shortened this down or made it a bit more interesting. This is made up for by the level of detail all over the place, scary paintings, creepy dolls and so on.Expect to play about 4 hours exploring every possible place."
76561198149881474,Recommended,253330,15149112,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,trentvh,"I love this game; it's fantastic - but I knew exactly what I was getting into.Read through the reviews before you get it. It's more of an interactive story than a game, really. It's mostly walking and looking at disturbing stuff. There are enemies to avoid, but that's about all you really actively do.That being said, the atmosphere and story are just great. It's creepy, it's scary, it's a ton of fun. If you like the screenshots and like scary/creepy stuff, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,253330,15216696,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Josy,its not very scary. its clearly a short game but i personally like to take my time with any game. i enjoy playing it and the art work is unique and haunting.
76561198111034789,Recommended,253330,12254673,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nicolas Underage,"i played this and i loved it, i had been waiting for ever for this game. my previous review i marked it negative because it wouldnt run for some reason but after an update it worked and i just love this game, the setting is great, and the idea is fantastic. i love this game, i recently got a new computer so i will be playing this game alot more! great game!"
,Recommended,253330,13490367,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,caiiitt,"This game doesn't strike me as a game under the usual terms (minus the few super annoying bits). The entire thing is crafted by someone who is personally connected to it and it shows.It won't be for everyone.I feel like it is a strong experience, not even just as a game. This is what art is, game aside.It is a well thought through project and almost each aspect definately agonized over.The visuals are stunningly different, stark and constantly changing. It feel monotonous and confusing as you play like the feelings trying to be shown by the character. The lack of colouration makes the crosshatching and pops of colour really work and the layers of marks for darkness give darkness something more than blank black, almost character. I'd love to see the assets for this game turned into a comic.Where this game does fall down is in execution of interactivity. I 100%ed this game in like 4 hours, despite the character walking so slowly and being almost incapable of running. The Ai in the game is also very rudimentary and movement is stilted and weird.DO NOT PLAY WITHOUT HEADPHONES AND BE READY FOR USE OF BINAURAL BEATSit will make you feel weird and sink into the game more, it made me uncomfortable which was the creators desired effect. I may have liked a warning as to what the ""special headphone mix"" was though.One last thing this is the first game I've played that made use of the lighting effects on my alienware and it was sweet."
,Not Recommended,253330,15101986,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"I played this game through and watched a video detailing the repercussions of the choices I didn't make.  I work in mental health and typically love frightening games, and I've completely forgotten about this."
,Recommended,253330,14898415,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JL,"Although I wished there was more inventory or object interaction, I loved the art style and atmosphere of this game. Also wished this game was longer and had more endings!"
76561198146356540,Recommended,253330,15407653,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,KartoffelKoenig,"Very innovative, great game, buy now."
76561198152180977,Recommended,253330,15103914,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Fly as a Kite,Great game with a very thought-provoking and mind-changing story line. A new aspect of mental horror that allows players to recieve a close experience of what true depression can feel like. Very relatable and always had me on the edge of my seat.Loved the cool sound effects 10/10
76561198054670722,Not Recommended,253330,15104471,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Bakugami,Neverending Asthma10/10 would buy on sale
,Recommended,253330,15179151,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,coopnshores,This game is beautiful. Play it at night with the sound way up in your headphones. Fantastic experience.
76561198021057760,Recommended,253330,15181065,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,beastking,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqMKkAjk73EDefinitely check this one out :)
,Recommended,253330,16210340,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Pchan,"The soundtrack and art-style for the environments were amazing. It creates an unnerving feeling of being submitted to the nightmarish experience. In this way, there are strong resemblings to the Silent Hill series and the story is just about as cryptic with multiple endings that may leave you wondering what actually happened. The limited interaction gets a little boring in the long run and I would recommend to not play through the game in one setting.Recommended only if you are all in for immersing into the nightmare experience and do not mind rather stale gameplay."
,Recommended,253330,16129526,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,9teeneightyfiver,"Good little psychological horror game. The artwork is fantastic and adds to the eerie mood. Gameplay is very simple and at times can get a little boring. I got it for $5 on sale, wouldn't recommend it at full price. 7/10"
76561197991548321,Not Recommended,253330,16418079,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ganon Kevlar,"TL;DR : Boring and not scary.I completed only one of the four ending but I dont intend on making the other ones. This was boring. The art style is good and the sound was excellent, but the story was lacking. I was scared of being scared but after some times, this vanished and I began going through rooms one after the other just to see what would happen. I realised (or was lead to believe) there was very few choices in the game. It fealt like railroading..."
76561198083212194,Recommended,253330,16249838,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Greggaurs_the_Basketball,"Initially, I didn't want to recomend this game. The gameplay is essentially a two hour arcade minigame from an old Sierra adventure game, and is incredibly frustrating. The motifs are relatively tries and repetitive. And it has the problem that alot of brawlers have, of a 2d character on a 3d plane. But, something rather interesting happened when I finished the game last night. This morning as I type out my review, I am incredibly tired, for all last night, my dreams were all night terrors. Everytime I blink, I see the world in cross hatch. And this kind of immersion I hacen't expererienced since I first played and saw Pyramid Head staring at me from behind red bars. And that was when I was seven. There is actually a bit towards the end of  the game that is an obvious rip off of Silent Hill 2. This game is described as an experience of a life with ocd, but feel this description could apply to any mental disease. Actually, I think the best way to describe it, is as a nightmare Eric Chahi might have after watching a box set of Vincent Price films. In the end I'd recomend this game to three types of people; anyone who'd like to understand what it is to be mentally, anyone who never got the chance to play PT before it was removed from the PSN, or anyone whose a fan of excellent atmosphere. It's a little bit Edgar Allen Poe, and a little bit of Clocktower, and a little bit of B-Movie gore, and a lot lot lot (that's three lots) of Silent Hill. Without meaning to spoil anything, the ending is frustrating, and doesn't offer any closure, but it isn't a deal breaker. Oh, and don't tell me it's open to interpretation. Blade Runner is open to interpretation because I know what I'm supposed to be interpreting."
76561198108437741,Recommended,253330,14175249,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Pioni,This game was nice horror game. Little too short for 15 euro.Character must be smoker becouse he can sprint like 10 meters.
76561198081305810,Recommended,253330,14380226,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Skenneton,simple yet effectively scary.9/10
,Recommended,253330,13634793,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,phillippassmore,"I am rather torn whether to recommend this game or not... There is some really nice ideas here and the art style is great. That said it is short (not a bad thing really), but the game has three ending paths with choices at the end of two chapters to decide the ending. So to see all the content you have to replay the same chapters and make the choice at the end to see the additional ten minutes of content.Pros:- Some effective jump scares- Wonderful art style.- Lots of wonderful creepy imagery- An interesting horror story which did not over stay its welcome.Cons:- Backtracking.... To see all endings you have to replay about 20 to 30 minutes of content. This is simply the biggest issue with the game.- Monsters/puzzles are all extremely easy. You see a cupboard then there is a good chance a monster will be in the hall and you will avoid it by hiding in the cupboard... The monsters in the Insanity level I thought were just desturbing imagery until the end of the chapter one kills me and it turned out they had just been easy to avoid up until that point.- Very linear game play apart from the 3 endings. This makes back tracking frustratingly dull.- Yes porcelain dolls are creepy, but are heavily overused to the point it just becomes funny.Overall, this was a unique game and I did generally enjoy the game. It is just a shame that back tracking is such a pain to view all content. The game has flaws but care and time went into making an interesting horror game experience. Therefore, if you enjoy horror games or if you enjoy games that use an interesting art style its worth giving the game a go."
,Recommended,253330,13212704,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Crazytaco1,"This game is pretty fantastic, though definitely light on the whole ""Gameplay"" spectrum.Neverending Nightmares is all about atmosphere, and with their excellent sound design and art style they create a pretty immersive experience.  Unfortunately the story is also pretty light and unfulfilling, so fans of adventure games may be dissapointed with the lack of depth.Overall I'll cautiously recommend this game.  Not worth the full 15 bucks, but if you can get it on the cheap, do so."
76561198223336432,Recommended,253330,19717804,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lolai,"If you hate walking in the dark, being chase and  boogeyman under my bed . Then this is the game . Good storyline as well as ending"
76561198128120986,Recommended,253330,19790292,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gentrymann,good game but not worth 15 €
,Recommended,253330,19816272,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,bangableoiltycoon,"Christ this dude can't run, I mean damn. He makes me look athletic & I'm an IT guy who plays video games in my spare time.Gorgeous game though, and very creepy. Cool concept. controls can be a little iffy sometimes, but it's nothing major. Definitely play with headphones b/c they've got that whole directional sound thing going on and you'll need it when you're figuring out when/where to hide from some of the spooks"
,Recommended,253330,19925625,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dr.Twinkletits,"In this game you play as a young Ed Gein.  The fun part is that how can only run 12 feet before you have to stop and take a breather. But luckily, to add excitement to the game, theres pictures of ham on the wall. Neverending hallway deserves a 10/10"
,Not Recommended,253330,20179585,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PaulDoymin,5/10
76561198272744263,Recommended,253330,24196666,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SatanicMemeLover666,"Rate - 4.5/5Honestly, this has to be one of my favorite horror games. I absolutely love the art style and atmosphere. My only problem with the game is that it became a bit tedious to play when trying to get all the connecting endings."
,Recommended,253330,30783251,Posted: 27 March,all,Icini,"I picked this game up I don't know when. Though I would load it down there them internets and play me a game. I like the art choice and the ambient noises really make this game come alive. The once in a while scare from an unexpected shadow or two and the sight of your sister hanging coupled with the discovered of your dead body. The Never Ending Nightmare may not be a long game, but it will be a fun one.https://youtu.be/UuzmpbrY_-k"
,Recommended,253330,23643747,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,jessica.rae.sigafoos,"Excellent art, with such find attention to detail and nuance.  Although I found the art style immediately compelling, I was a little concerned that it would prevent me from getting creeped out.  That was a foolish concern, the game does a gret job of building tension and dread, and providing some satisfying creepiness.  I had the computer hooked up to the television so my partner could watch as I played, and there was one moment were we both actually shouted and jumped out of our seats,  one of the jumps scares got us so good.  (Though note, there are very few jump scares in the game, it most relies on atmosphere, story, and sound for it's scares.)Apparently there are several story branches, and it looks like you do get some differences in game play at a certain point toward the end of the game.  So it may offer some replay value for those of you who like to see all the different endings."
,Recommended,253330,16504414,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bambi ♥,"Oh god, the atmosphere in this game is so creepy, that i really had to pause the game for few seconds sometimes just to relax and chill, because i really got those cold shivers everytime something happened. I also like the way that there are different endings to the game, depending on the players choices on the game. The only bad part is that i think this game is bit too expensive, because i played this game through in like 2 hours + some hours to get all endings.But the game itself is great, i liked Amnesia: The Dark Descent and i was sure im gonna like this also, and i did! <:"
,Recommended,253330,23793012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Phoenix 'til I Die,"This is a diamond in the rough of the incredibly crowded and mostly underwhelming modern horror genre. Scares you to death without resorting to cheap jumpscare tactics. (Yes FNAF, I am talking about you.) My only complaint is the pricetag. £11 for a game you will get 6 hrs max out of is a tad expensive.9/10New pants please."
76561198007852292,Recommended,253330,14025600,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Day2DayArmageddon,This game is an absolute masterpiece. The only way to get the most out of this game is by having some high quality headphones and by yourself with the lights off. The audio quality produced by the game is incredible and is the reason why the game is still one of my favorites to this day. A+ to Infinitap Games for producing such high quality work. I would recommend to anyone looking for a thriller.
76561198027987051,Recommended,253330,13760796,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Juraj,"Good game. Since its initial release, I have played Neverending Nightmares several times and enjoyed the game each time. Its pros include:+ Good horror atmosphere+ Theme of the game, focused on nightmares and depression+ Original graphics+ Good music+ Nonconvential gameplay+ Several endings – at first I was trying to figure out, how the three endings fit together (had my own theory), but the developer explained in some discussion that these are in fact three separate storiesOften criticized is the game's length. I think the game is ok the way it is, but I would welcome some more content in the future (DLC, sequel, …), since I enjoyed the ride (or the walk to be more specific)."
,Recommended,253330,14187213,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Chocolate Murder-Suicide,"Overall I was quite pleased with this game. It's very atmospheric and kind of disturbing. I didn't find it scary, but I don't think a lot of games are. It captures the feeling of wandering through a nightmare where you are unable to exert any control, you just have to stay on the move. However, it does have some flaws. I found that the game didn't successfully keep me in a state of immersion, so a lot of my complaints would be nitpicky for any other genre, but I think that with horror it's really important to keep the player from thinking about how they're playing a game.The Gorey-esque line drawings are great and I liked the effects when you move into lighter and darker areas. However, you can see the seams of the 3D-looking-2D effect often enough to be jarring (the straightjacket guys turning their heads, for example.)There's not really a lot of game here (that's not bad necessarily, there's nothing wrong with being an interactive experience) and I was sort of expecting more puzzles, especially with all the flavor stuff to look at. At first I was trying to examine every piece of furniture and object in the house and I was actually a little disappointed to realize that only things in color were interactive. Having such an obvious tell made it seem less immersive. Also, it seems like they front-loaded all the non-plot related weird stuff to look at, because there were quite a few hotspots with nightmare stuff in the first area and then nothing for the rest of the game.I found myself getting frustrated with the slow pace, especially on replays trying to open different paths. I tend to play for long sessions and unable to not do that, and I think this game would be better parceled out gradually. There's not a lot of game here, I got it on sale but at full price it seems like a lot. I have one more achievment to get, by the time I 100% the game I'll probably have spent less than 3 hours on it. I could see myself having the desire to periodically revisit the game, though."
,Recommended,253330,15048682,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,KING.MIDAS.,"Pretty unique expireience. The atomosphere is amazingly horrifying and the visuals are very one-of-a-kind. A bit too short of a game for what it is priced as I got through it in 30 minutes but the gameplay, story, and puzzles seem to be very well thought out.8/10"
,Recommended,253330,15036422,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,notsosxechris,"Like the creator, I also suffer from both depression and O.C.D, so before the game came out I wondered how it could possibly depict what it's like to suffer from these illnesses, especially O.C.D. as it isn't an illness that I could imagine working well within a game. However, having now played the game, I actually think it does a really good job of showing the kind of mindset people who suffer from these kinds of illnesses experience.Not only do I think the game does a good job of showing what it's like inside the mind of people who suffer from these illnesses, but I also think it does a good job as a horror game in its own right. Whilst some of the more frigtening moments are just jump scares, it does very well to create a very creepy environment that really made me feel like I had to escape.I also liked the cool, hand-drawn art style. Being creepy, yet simplistic, it manages to fit in well with the eerie World in the game, whilst at the same time fitting in with the underlying tone of the game, that is trying to get across what it's like to suffer from depression and O.C.D. as suffering from O.C.D. often makes simple tasks a source of great distress and anxiety, which the art style seems to be a metaphor for.To summarise, whether you just like horror games, or whether you're interested in getting an insight into what it's like to suffer from one or more mental illnesses, Neverending Nightmares is a game I'd recommend."
,Recommended,253330,15040560,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mr. Afghanistan,"its pretty good but its short. it does have areas near the end where paths kinda seperate and there are other levels to unlock leading to other levels, so you cant get everything in one playthrough."
,Recommended,253330,16900199,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Joemal Dirt,"After playing this game through one to one ending, i can tell you its worlth 7 bucks. the story is very abstract but the scenes are very concrete. i dont really want to play it again, but in the same way to the ""Stanley Parable"". This game also leaves the gameplay and comes with you if you wish to understand why it was made."
,Recommended,253330,16901241,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,SgtPainkillers,Really fun game. There are different endings and the game always keeps you on the edge. Kind of slow but you will love it if youre a fan of games like these.
76561198030432037,Recommended,253330,16903043,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Smokey-1-Kenobong,This game is creepy as all hell! Good work. Many scares and wet pants! 8/10
76561198050072837,Recommended,253330,16903560,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Undertaker Infinity,"Unique in theme, art style and atmosphere. Slow paced, yet short, with multiple endings. Mechanics are simple and the game is very linear, despite the multiple endings, you'll spend a lot walking on a single direction.If you like horror and don't have it confused with action, as many people have, you owe yourself to check this out.Sound is superb, as in any good horror game."
76561198087723047,Recommended,253330,16905242,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Sirgabbage,"First things first: Why does Thomas run SO SLOW? He runs short of breath with a 5 second sprint. I know there isn't much chasing in this game, but how slow the protagonist really frustrated me, especially in my second play through. I have asthma irl and even I don't wheeze like that after a few seconds of casual jogging.I am on the fence about recommending this game. For the original price of $15, I'd say wait for a sale. It's a well done game as far as atmosphere and music. I really like how they adapt the sounds for headphone wears.I like the style of the art, even if the blood effects look way too red and cheap - like they were pasted on after the fact. The story... well- I played through two endings so far. I like it, and I like how you can try to piece things together yourself. However the game feels much too repetitive.  I would of liked a lot more interactions with items in rooms. Most rooms were empty and dead ends, with simply nothing to do in them.The style is great, like I said. It's unique and we all need more Devs that explore different styles. For me though, the game doesn't draw me in. I wanted more from this game, but it just feels unfinished over all.I would still recommend it to other fans of the horror genre, especially those starved for something different than the usual FPS/crafting survival/zombie etc etc game."
76561198190274839,Recommended,253330,16967549,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Fidel C@$hflow,"Oh the ambiance. The suspense that this game creates is unreal. While the actual jump scares it provides are trivial things that happen, it's enough to get you heart to skip a beat, or maybe even three or four at times! But that's not what this game is truly about. This isn't a jump scare game at the heart of it, it's a game that creates this world of just insane creepiness that keeps you looking around the room every few minutes (especially with headphones!!!) and keeps you on the edge of your seat, and tricks you often with fake jump scares that aren't even really scares at all, it's just your mind being so freaked out it scared itself. That's what this game does, it creates such an ambiance that it doesn't even need to scare you, it just has to let you scare yourself. Great game, love it."
,Recommended,253330,16972698,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Alejito,"It's a beautiful game. Most of the time, the main character will be walking, so why not enjoy the scenery? If you are going to try this, try to see all endings, otherwise the game will look really short.It's more like watching a movie than playing a game. But this wouldn't work if it were a movie. Sometimes, to make progress on the game, one must have painful realizations which will lead to painful decisions required to solve small puzzles here and there. Since these realizations and decisions are done by the person playing the game, it makes a more vivid experience as opposed to watching someone else doing it.Not everyone will like this. Some because they won't get it. And others because they'll think it's too short."
,Recommended,253330,17118441,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RoomCat-P,"Love the black & white color with blood of course, but I bet I can out run the main character faster... LoL"
76561198134455049,Recommended,253330,17106615,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CDrew,"Neverending Nightmares is a game that delves deep into the darkest corners of the human mind and exposes your most terrible fears. It is a piece of psychological horror at its finest. Loss of identity, decay, suffering, death, insanity, can all be found here in a unique and original display.Do not be deceived by the apparently undetailed graphics, the art of the game in fact contributes to much of the feeling it creates. From desorientation, disgust, fear to sheer horror, this game has it all.The multiple endings derive from confounding identities, and, as you will see, each nightmare introduces new threats and explores a different theme of fear.Though I would not recommend this game for its gameplay (which is extremely simplistic) or its story (which is rather ambiguous), it is a must-play for any fans of the art of horror.Pros:+original setting, graphics and ideas+very opressive atmosphere+very scary at times+possibly the creepiest game I've ever playedCons:-very simplistic gameplay-design is repeatitive, at times you will simply lose track of where you are and that may easily break the immersion-overall a bit hollow, just wandering around does get boring after a while. Introducing some puzzles or some other decent way of of interaction with the environment might have helped-story is ambiguous and difficult to follow, but it is creepy and disturbing-short, overpriced and doesn't have much replayability valueOverall, I'd say it deserves at least a 7/10 for the brilliant way in which it illustrates almost everything that psychological horror is about. I suggest you don't buy it on full price though, because you might get disappointed by how short it is, especially since, except for unlocking all nightmares and branching pathways, it has no replayability value at all. But I definitely recommend it on a sale."
76561198206296804,Recommended,253330,29648313,Posted: 2 February,all,Morion,An incredible game. The art is truly wonderfull and the story is both gripping and eerie. Very well made and a real gem in the genre
,Recommended,253330,29707796,Posted: 4 February,all,RatCatcher,"Deep characters, great story and challenging quests. Yet this game is still a casual which can be enjoyed by whole team on evening."
,Recommended,253330,29850889,Posted: 11 February,all,Darkness kamadouma σ,(｀･ω･´) b
76561198067614840,Recommended,253330,32043385,Posted: 29 May,all,flyssann,"This is a game with very little actual game play elements or dialogue, nevertheless the story and atmosphere is creepy and for the most part compelling, it did start to get a little repetitive towards the end but is fairly short so ended before it wore out its welcome. It is definately worth a look for the gorgeous art and annimation style and this is what I come to steam for."
,Recommended,253330,33367575,Posted: 8 July,all,Peppermint Butler,"This game is very well-made. I love the art style (that's subjective, of course) and the sound effects and music are great. While it is a walking sim, you get an entertaining road and a decent story. The only real issue I have with this game is that it gets a bit repetitive after a while. Sure, one woman with blood coming out of her eye sockets is creepy, but when you get several of them in quick succession, you get accustomed to it. Part of the repetitiveness is the looping some levels do. This still comes in only once in a while, so it's not enough to distract you from this creepy game.7/10"
,Recommended,253330,34173850,Posted: 11 August,all,Heggie,Strongly recommend.
,Recommended,253330,34434836,Posted: 23 August,all,N.V.@2306,I really really love this game.
76561198095195464,Recommended,253330,35145666,Posted: 22 September,all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,"If you like this game, check out Silence Of The Sleep"
,Not Recommended,253330,35507163,Posted: 5 October,all,Ru!,Talk about a walking simulator.
