user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029008475,Not Recommended,253510,16799646,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Vanderblast,"After playing through the game and observing where it has been going since beta, I can say I would not reccomend this in the state it is currently in, and do not feel it will get to a point where I would in the near future.For people who enjoy the table top game this game is an awesome idea to experience more story in the Iron Kingdoms, and to play the game in a way that requires less clean up and even try out different factions.For a project like converting a table top into a PC game, there were of course its share of bugs that would be expected from a relatively new studio. I was perfectly fine with that, they were trying to get the game fully released so all its kickstarter backers could enjoy what they paid for.Unfortunately, the game ended up feeling hacked together when it was officially ""released"".The single player campaign, although it was enjoyable to be given different scenerios to overcome, there were just a lot of things wrong with it. The camera was, and still is pretty unbarable, the UI would not always play nice with the map you were on, and the AI was not very challenging and followed a very specific sequence of moves unless you put a target right in their face.The cutscenes were something out of a launch Playstation 1 game. Completely still models with the camera panning to whoever was talking, and even then you had a hard time seeing who it was because of the lighting. With how much work that was put into the in game models, you think they could have animated the scenes. That said, the in game models are pretty nice, fans of the table top will appreciate how the characters and warjacks look animated.The multiplayer was meant to be the bread and butter for this game, a way for people who enjoy the table top, or even new comers, to come press a button and be put into a game of warmachine instantly. The multiplayer feels like its lacking A LOT. Yes you can be matched with another player, most of the time. It is not uncommon for the ""quick match"" option, to not be quick at all. The multiplayer as a game functions, bugs excluded, but it not very enjoyable because of the problems the overall game has, as well as very simple win conditions.The UI is just awful. Actions feel unresponsive, it is arranged in an unappealing matter, text can be hard to read, and it difficult to traverse the playing map. Getting information to appear on your spells and abilities usually requires you to click the button for it, thus committing to the action.The grid system is also not executed as well as it could have. It feels clunky and sometimes even inconsistent.What is worse about knowing all these things is the price tag that has been on it. The DLC model is also kind of a turn off, especially in the state the game is still in. If the game were in a relatively bugg free state, charging DLC is reasonable.Developing the DLC seemed to be as high, or perhaps an even higher priority than making the game as functional as it could be.TLDR: Game is no where near as functional as it should be. UI is unbarable, camera is wonky, gameplay is not strong enough to hold it all up. DLC seems to take a place above fixing bugs and improving overall functionality."
76561198023507159,Not Recommended,253510,13022835,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,the.grognard,"I'm a HUGE fan of the tabletop game and you'll see most of that in this digital version.  That's a good thing.  However, to have access to ALL the units you're going to have to pay real money for small DLC faction packs.  This digital-blister-pack approach has managed to frustrate a lot of players who still see huge problems and missing features in the ""core game.""The problems I have with the game are the horrible UI and the inescapable sense of being on rails.  I think that in multi-player that sense of rails might go away, but I was expecting and hoping for more from the single-player campaign.  It's just not that good.The UI gets in the way all the time.  It's cumbersome and about as much fun as filling out your taxes."
,Not Recommended,253510,18574537,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Nialias,"2017 Update: A lot has changed. For one, this is NO LONGER PLAYABLE THANKS TO THE UI. It used to flow decently well. Not perfect, but then what is? Now it's clunky and unuseable. Get out of me, Warmachine Tactics.With this game, I tried. Really did. Actions were clunky at times, sure, whatever, I can deal. Units performed completely randomly at times, that was anoying, but in keeping with the tabletop to PC feel of the thing. Not a AAA title, but it never claimed to be. It was building up to a decent game, pieces at a time. There were annoying parts fixed, like global spells lens flare-ing the screen un-playable for a small buff, that were fixed. Generally it looked like a nice game without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ish nature of some people who shall not be na-*cough*EA*cough*-med.Then a funny thing happened with the Mercenaries faction. It was originally availiable to play with the standard game. Then it was shoved ceremoniously behind a DLC paywall. Same with the Retribution. And there's so much of it. For the price of the DLC and the game itself, I can put together two, maybe three physical armies on the cheap. Anyone who knows about how expensive miniature wargames are, knows that this is ridiculous.This could have been a nice cheap entry point to the physical game for some, but it's not anymore. Could have been a nice turn based strategy for others, but with two of the factions locked out of the multiplayer and a bluh campaign, it's not. It could have had a great story for the Iron Kingdoms, a setting oozing with so much badass flowing through it's rivers that even the goblins wear shades and walk calmly away from explosions, but it wasn't. Not the worst story, but could have been better.Sorry, and this saddens me to say, but I cannot reccomend this game.tldr; Don't buy it, DLC is too much for too little, doesn't do enough with what it has."
76561198026015677,Not Recommended,253510,17687101,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,shane757,"I know I don't trust most reviews that are all good or all bad, but honestly after giving it way more then a fighting chance it has failed on every level. The interface is the opposite of intuitive and the animations are off-label PS2 at best. I'm amazed with how well funded it was on kickstarter we have what we've been given. This is the first time I saw fit to write a review, but honestly with the Privateer Press, kickstarter AND early access money there is no excuse for this wonky old-school indie game feeling slop."
76561198005947699,Not Recommended,253510,13418219,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Faelin,"I want to like the game. But until they implement an AI, all the other work they are doing on the skirmish and campaign is worthless. It currently runs every unit into melee, even units made to be sniping. If they had any intent to fix that, I wouldn't be so frusterated. But this has been the situation for months and rather then making any progress in improving the AI, they have decided to focus on adding more units.I don't care about more units, I just want the existing units' AIs to work!"
,Not Recommended,253510,14000851,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DeutsBoui,"I was not frustrated at first (thinking that it was still in beta) but wow... this game is full release?Super disappointed.I am usally not a campaign type of guy but I figured, ""Hey, its full release. There is no way it can be as buggy and blocky like it was in Beta.  Right?"". Wrong.Pros-Multiplayer is fun, but basic mechanics that made this game different were missing.-Character models look great!-Love the idea of not having to whip out the models errytime I wanna smash some Khador-Colors and vibeCons-HORRIBLE ""action cam"". Very cringeworthy-Subtitles look like a game from a PS1 game that didn't get the proper funding.-DLC before basic mechanics are finished. I mean, look at the patch notes...-No damage boxes... I know it was stated that this was going to be the direction from the get go but with this ""final product"" it just seems like someone said, ""Screw it, people will still buy it."".I wanted to make a video and at least show how the multiplayer was fun but it crashes with every video cap program... just straight up fails on the opening.With the last note under the Cons, I am tired of this feeling.  It has happened alot this last year or so but this one hits home (I've been a War Machine TT player since its release) and dissapointed is not the  correct word.  2015 will be the year that his changes for me.This game is #ForeverInBeta."
,Not Recommended,253510,21307699,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Perpetualn00b,"The big problem with Warmachine Tactics is that I kept finding myself ask 'who thought this bit was a good idea?' while playing it. While there's a whole host of performance and mechanical issues with the game, the reason why I keep uninstalling it is because far too many design choices are simply self-defeating.Here's a few of them:-No saving in single player missions.-seemingly unskippable cutscenes (which can easily last 5 minutes, making replaying a mission truly obnoxious).-no way to leave multiplayer quick match without force quitting.- the utterly bizarre decision to fill cutscenes with frozen characters. Descends into farce when the camera zooms into motionless characters' faces when delivering exposition.-The conversion of the Warmachine ruleset into something where it feels like absurd effort has thrown at the simplest of enemies.None of these seem to be design features that should have escaped QC, let alone early access. In particular, the unskippable, farcical cut-scenes smacks of a hole in the budget that got filled in an 'arty' fashion. Game balance feels truly out the window, simply because everything feels extraordinarily pillow-fisted, so massive effort has to be hurled at largely inconsequencial enemies.The main gameplay feels like a kludgy, sticky mess where you often feel like you're fighting the controls more than the enemy. The AI is pants-on-head dumb, making Skirmish mode some what akin to shooting fish in a barrel. The conversion of the Warmachine ruleset often feels extraordinary restrictive and often poorly signalled (it is often hard to tell a unit's facing, which makes the facing rules a frequent pain). Knowledge of the tabletop game feels essential to making the game playable, yet the game doesn't clue you into the changes it's made to units' abilities so even that knowledge is often wrong. Mechanics and effects often feel wonky or unpredictable (I've watched an electro-leap leap to an enemy a screen away, which basically the opposite of what it's supposed to do). It often feels like the camera is deliberately annoying you, hiding itself behind terrain when you're trying to see what's going on.Multiplayer feels extraordinarily hampered by a limited pallette of options as well as the aforementioned Quick Match issue. Frankly, I've gotten one game of multiplayer in the year I've owned the game. Apparently, multiplayer missions have flags and killboxes, but I've no idea what either looks like because the game doesn't seem to show them.The core campaign is little better. It's your bog-standard 'discover macguffin, fight to macguffin, fight off people who want it, then destroy it' plot that seems to be the default RTS plot design and Sturgis might as well be called 'Arthas' for the originality in his contribution. Due to Jakes being as pillow-fisted as the rest of the units, the missions often feel like they've got a reversed difficulty level, with some of the toughest missions coming at the start and the late game missions feeling much easier. Again, the AI is dumb as a box of bricks, often letting you dictate the pace of missions because enemies often won't activate until you attack them (the sterling winner has to be a late mission, where the Butcher will gleefully run around in front of your guns like a headless chicken). Mission design itself often feels profoundly unfun, with many missions with multiple fronts, something that just doesn't work with the Warmachine game mechanics. The game often doesn't signal the arrival of enemy reinforcements, leading to you often just spotting reinforcements by accident halfway through a turn. I shouldn't have to play 'hunt the mechanithrall' at the start of the turn, but there's no better way to check you know what's going on. Missions often require you to keep a number of character units alive, but this often causes auto-wipes half-way through missions as they're profoundly squishy. Special marks have to go to the second longest running character in the campaign, known either as Sarge or 'Trencher Sergeant'. Looking identical to his fellow Trenchers, he's easy to lose to enemy attacks and suffers the indignity of never being given an actual name.The unit selection feels a lot like someone went through the minature game, picked their favourite models and stuck them in. In particular, once you've unlocked Jakes' feat, it really doesn't feel like it works well with the rest of the Cygnaran army. It's a close combat buff, but there's only two melee infantry available and one of them already has all the buffs she hands out. There's also a paucity of repair units, which only makes the campaign harder. The 'alternate weapon' variants of infantry (like the Trencher Grenadier and Winter Guard Rocketeer) have almost identical (if there is a difference, I haven't noticed it) appearances, which means you often have no idea what the enemy troops are armed with until they fire it at you.So the big question is 'can this be fixed?' I really don't think so. The game cries out for a complete overhaul of the mechanics, but that'll take ages and if it hasn't been done yet, I doubt it's ever going to happen. Fixing the awful cutscenes would cost a ton. Realistically, the only things that can be overhauled are the array of bugs and poor design choices. An option to save during missions and skip cutscenes would be a nice start to making this a lot more user friendly.So in the end do I recommend this game? No. It simply never feels fun to play. While it has a few bright spots (a late game stealth mission is surprisingly fun for a stealth mission) the single player has a difficulty curve more akin to a roller-coaster, terrible cut-scenes and profoundly bad mission design. Skirmish mode is as challenging as beating a puppy and just as much fun. Multiplayer seems to be completely dead. It's a shame, but that's the truth."
76561198039026688,Not Recommended,253510,16303167,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Max Hereticus,"I completly understand why this game never caught on.. It's the game Warmachine TT players never wanted... We wanted Warmachine but we got this. I held out hope for this game but the way it released its DLC to nickel and dime us to death in spite of giving us a game so bare boned as to be embarrassing, its poor ai and limited gameplay options have made me give up.. That they have to release a new patch literally every day proves what a poor state this game is in, attrocious quality control is nothing to be proud of. Super disappointed in this, one of my most regretted purchases to date.. and I have supoorted a bunch of bad games in the past sadly.. I will now try not to let the door hit me in the ♥♥♥ on the way out.."
76561197994640026,Not Recommended,253510,14023638,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,No Shame,"I really really want to like this game, but I can't. At this point in its development it should be relatively stable and mostly functionally complete. It unfortunately is no where near that. I might call it alpha quality.There are graphical glitches all over the place. Some maps are unusable due to their weather effects. The get one chance to set facing system is so frustrating that alone makes me want to give it a negative review. On mac the game is not playable. The graphical glitches are so severe you can't see 90% of the map. I've reported these issues multiple times and have no response.Currently I can not recommend anyone spending any money or even time on this game. I think it gives the Warmachine franchise a bad name."
76561198089359820,Not Recommended,253510,13681335,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jkacala127,"I'm not really feeling this game. I don't play the table top game which may or may not have to do with it, but I was looking for a fun and good a strategy game. Sure you go through the first nonsense levels which are boring and more of a learning tool. The stragtegy is sort of there but how you movement and action is somewhat linear. Your not making any big plays. Pretty much your biggest decision is how many points of action your going to give what warjack.I wasn't looking for an X-com experince like so many people are, but the game would feel a lot more fun if you chose your load outs, which you can do in pvp. Your stuck with what you got.Advancement is another issue for me.  Your main character does advance but it keeps everything on par, It sort of reminds me of dead island is the way of advancement, it doesn't change the game all that much. Zombies or in this case trenchers and war jacks are on the same level as you, to the point that you never really even get that slight edge through side battles or a tech tree.Combat is rather boring in general.  No new weapons or any major skills. Combat can be annoying because when you want to attack you have to turn a trencher or war jack in the direction you want to attack, which doesn't cost any action points but I don't understand why they just can't make trencher turn around on his own when you want to attack the baddie. It may sound trival but it's annoying when you spend 5 minutes just turning your guys around.You might have 2-3 trenchers with 87% chance of hitting the target, yet two out of three miss. For having these high percentage rates of hitting the target there is a lot missing going on.  Healing is sort of a joke, you get one or two points back which is a good deal but it's prolly not going to save you.Nothing new is really brought into this tactical game, which sometimes is a good thing, but you sit there and think...""okay attack this guy, you attack him. Now you. Hmmm still not dead, okay you attack"". It's pretty much, moving around in a small stage saying ""This is what I got, I see what you got, let's do this"".Even in x-com your % range is off, but the cover system is put into place for this. You don't have a cover system.Graphic wise, i'm not a grapic snob but they seem fine. I don't want to beat up on the game too much, no one really caes about the voice acting unless it's actually good, It's cheesy and can be over looked but there is something to be said about having great voice actors. They make you like the character, there really is no attachment here.The game is sort of average, I'm not sure how I even feel about it. I sort of want to give it a four because I thought it would be different, but that's on me. I give it a 5/10 because it's just average.  I can't get excited about it."
,Not Recommended,253510,22658832,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Not the Face!,"It's been over a year since release. At this point it's pretty fair to judge it on what's inside it. Overall the price reduction is well warranted and helps justify purchasing this game.As a Warmachine player and gamer I cannot recommend this product unfortunatly. While it's very fun seeing these models come to life the UI and gameplay is still ""buggy"" and clunky.In comparison to other turn based strategy games, it is entirely too easy to give improper orders. A total lack of in game saves turns this problem from a mild irretant to a rage quit. Further the AI is a mixed bag of being exploitable while the rule set can easily see important models murdered in one lucky turn.The core campaign's gamemechanics are too close to the tabletop to produce a strong experience. I have had a miserable time trying to force myself to finish the campaign and have had all kinds of weirdness, stupidity, and frustration occur on missions 5 and 6. The infinite-respawning enemies are not clearly marked and it takes attempts to learn the eccentracies of the missions. Again the lack of save states hinders a smooth experience.Beyond that the dialogue and storytelling are a bit lackluster. There are novice errors throughout. It feels both indie and professional at the same time which leads to mixed expectations.I'm not sorry that I own or purchased this game. In point of fact I'm happy I supported this adventure. However, it does not feel like something I can recommend to others. If it had a strong single player campaign then I could at least recommend it on that point."
,Not Recommended,253510,31831344,Posted: 18 May,all,Zerixar,"I kickstarted this game back in 2013.  4 years later it's still unplayable.  There's the terrible and clunky UI design and redesign that's annoying and unintuitive and almost looks like it was designed for mobile.  There's the fact that the campaign displays no mission objectives, and the objective tab shows the multiplayer objectives instead, so you have to guess at what you're supposed to be doing, like maybe go stand in a green square over there, oh wait, now all my units are in it and nothing's happening and the level won't end and there's nothing to do but fight infinite amounts of bad guys.  the camera is arbitrarily zoomed in and so clunky you can't freekin' see anything.  Animations range from nonexistant to lazy and/or buggy.Overall the game looks and feels REALLY sh*tty for having been in development forever and asking the price that it is.But the real deal breaker is the game has some sort of memory issue.  While playing it eats about 10 mb of ram/5 seconds for some reason until it's used every last drop of memory available and then crashes with an out of memory error.  Posts about it were met with a request for logs and a dxdiag but zero follow up.bottom line for me:  I paid like $80 for this game back when it was just a promise, i waited 4 years to see some delivery on that, and it's still an unplayable mess.  be warned."
76561198043710230,Recommended,253510,11487267,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,matenason,"I have played around 10 matches or so, and I admit it has been a few years since I have played the TT, but I feel PP did a fair job in bringing this game to the Online Game world.  The price as many have indicated is based on KickStrater, and for most people I would recomend waiting until release when the price will be much lower.  However, those who have played the TT will realize the $65 is nothing compared to how much money and time it takes to get a army up and running.  It appears the the Deluxe Ed. will grant some free additional units and that had me sold to get this game now!  This game will be riddled with ""in-gmae purchases"" so be aware!I wont waste time with listing all the issues in this Beta, which there are a lot! But I remain confident the PP will grant us a game worthy of the title Warmachine.  A few major issues for newbies, is the lack of explainations of abilities.  Even myself had too look up some spells onine mid-game to remind myself of effects.  A minor detail now that I expect to be fixed, but those not used to the game will struggle.  For those TT players I say you will miss the in person interaction with your enemy.  You are forced to sit there for 3-10min per round in silence watching a turn go by and there is no chit chat.  I miss the cheers of ""WHAT A HIT"" or the cries of ""YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!"" as the game played out.  A audio connection would be great or a chat box would be nice at least.Units have moved from single point kills  to multi-point health, and that is nice, but I feel that this has greatly shifited the balance of power.  Now a few ""solo"" units can easily take down a  warjack in a turn or 2, and a Warjack can have 2-3 hits on a SINGLE unit and not kill it.  So when your Jack is ganged up on by 3 units, it has almost no chance!  Something needs fixed on that.Overall this is a game to get.  For those who have played TT, now is a great time to buy, it's a low cost compared to what you have spent already on TT, and you'll get free stuff, Newbies its great to learn in a beta with few armies options, so the matches will be as even as they will ever be.   However, PP will try to sell the the moon with in-game upgrades, so if this game releases at $20 (and who knows!) the $45 you'll save may be better spent upgrading to the units you want, and not the freebies they'll give you in the Deluxe."
76561198053048991,Not Recommended,253510,17611734,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,dass.kapital,"One of the few games that after just a couple of days playing I'm wondering how to get my money back.Turns are slow. Computer units are in god mode doing massive damage and not taking hits 50% of the time (And that's being generous). Palyer units are cardboard. Yup, three missions in and I am loathing the ""Hey! Watch the opening screen shot... again...and again.. and again..."" After dying/losing to something like, ""You must keep unit Fred alive"" and watching the computer A.I. swarm poor unit Fred under sooo many times. (Or, if there's more than one Fred to keep alive, they simply swarm the first Fred they get to)"
,Not Recommended,253510,29190679,Posted: 11 January,all,hardrock,"Really wanted to like this game, as I'm a fan of both Warmachine and TBS games; but there are too many bugs in it at this time to get any kind of enjoyment out of it.  The most annoying is that multiple units will frequently lose activation status in the middle of a turn before all units have acted.  Trying to end turn gets a message that some units still have actions to perform, but none of those units can be selected to act.  Worse, the turn cannot be ended, so once that happens, the only thing that can be done is to reload from the most recent save point.  Some turns have taken three or four tries to get through because of that bug.Optimization is poor, as I'm constantly dealing with performance issues with a system that is over the recommended specs on processor and memory, and roughly equivalent to the  recommended speds on video (dual Nvidia GTX460s in SLI config).The controls are also rather clunky for a TBS game; particularly the camera.  Character focus is particularly annoying, since the game will auto-center on whichever character is activated, which can shift camera position wildly and slow things down as focus changes.Ranged targetting also has some significant flaws.  It's also not always clear who is within a particular unit's field of fire; and targeting is extremely clumsy.  Cover appears to exist, similar to X-Com Enemy Unknown, but it's very hard to tell if it actually has any effect on the actual gameplay, since the RNG seems to overrule any such effects.One of the weird things is that there is no character amination in the cut scenes.  None.  There is dialog, but the characters just stand there like figurines, not even any lip movement, and it's often hard to tell who is speaking without the voices.  Dawn of War 2 handled this much better.Even more annoying, the official website does not appear to have any community forum, and no mechaism for submitting bug reports.  It's like the producers simply don't care about making it work.I got the base game and all DLC for less than $20 on sale, and it was still overpriced; as the game is almost entirely unplayable at this time.  I would strongly recommend against purchasing this, even at a discount, until they get these bugs fixed (something that the development team seems to be making no effort to do at this time)."
,Recommended,253510,13069721,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Neep,"I will start off by saying I never played Warmachine the tabletop game.I am a huge fan of turn based strategy games such as XCOM, Civ, and Fire Emblem. I love me some board-games too, most recently I've been hooked on X-Wing miniatures.This game scratches all of those itches. You have a very wide selection of units to choose from, and four factions at present that all feel very distinguished from each other. The depth of strategy in building a squad alone is immense, and it only gets more tactical when you actually have to deploy your units and do battle.PROS:*Proven gameplay taken from award winning tabletop game that's been around for a while*Massive depth available for building and tailoring your army*UI that is very helpful for n00bs (mouse over things to get them explained!)*Animated ""models"" breathe life into a miniatures game*Awesome rag-doll for corpses. Having a warjack hammer someone and watching a crumpled corpse get propelled backwards is always satisfying.*Multiplayer Options (local, async online, etc)*Well done single player campaign helps you learn units and gameplay rules*True hit percentages.... you can have only a 20% chance to hit with a 5% chance to crit and successfully crit your target!CONS:*True hit percentages.... you can have  a 95% chance to hit with a 50% chance to crit and miss your target...*Single player is only Cygnar Faction.  More please!*Still being worked on. (not really a con, but some UI elements are a little rough still and things like the Army Painter are coming)*No way to save skirmish games midgame. They do move pretty fast but if you need to do something else and you've got 2-3 rounds left it's going to be an issue.*Camera can take a little getting used toThis game is a lot of fun. If you enjoy turn based strategy games, chances are this game will rock your world. It's not too hard to get into, but it'll take a few games to know what you're doiing enough to venture into the army creator.As is 8/10With  currently announced planned additional features: 9/10Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,253510,11316085,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Sasherz,"Warmachine/Hordes now as a PC game.Well its good, but gameplay is soooo difrent from the tabletop.I dont recomend the game this early stage, due to extreme unallance in the teams and allso so many glitches, and cant disable voice ingame when you use skype :sif they actualy balance the teams better and fix all the buggs, it might be woth it."
76561198018377885,Not Recommended,253510,13040559,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Crang,"Disclaimer: I have not played the multiplayer yet. This review is based on a single player experience.This game is like a daily crossword puzzle.. There is a slight challenge and an even slighter sense of accomplishment when you complete it ultimately though no one goes online and reviews a crossword puzzle cause well it's a crossword puzzle.. This game doesn't allow you to do anything other than play their missions who show up one after another after another without a pause in between to save the game and go eat (or something crazy like that). One unit ""levels up"" after each mission and I use the word level up loosely cause all that happens is one of those units gets a stat increase that is not in your control, it just happens. You have no say over any part of the missions, the game gives you a goal and tells you what to do..This game is boring enough without adding more to this review but unfortunately there is a MAJOR flaw to the game which is the camera.. Please watch gameplay reviews before buying this game cause the camera angles (which constantly change every time an action is taken) are horrific, more often then not the ""action"" camera will zoom into the wrong area thus not letting you see what the opponent actually did! The only way to play this game is to continuously adjust the camera to an overhead angle and zoom it all the way out or else you have no idea where everyone is. So graphics mean nothing (not that this game boasts good graphics) in this game when you are playing a far overhead game..Anyways, my two cents"
76561198049595687,Recommended,253510,11632799,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Boss Bawss,"I have been a longtime fan of the tabletop game that this is based on, so I may be biased towards liking the game, but I can honestly say that I did not regret purchasing early access since it meant more content and a chance to play it early.  If you want new units upon launch and don't mind the high early access price, then it is pretty dang fun for what is included.  I have encountered few bugs and most of them are graphical.  Restarting the game helps with those bugs."
76561197968625017,Not Recommended,253510,13048757,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,captain46,The interface is simply awful. The ability to move/control the camera has issues and the menu/reading for abilities lacks depth and polish. I have great video processing and it still feels clunky.
,Recommended,253510,13269709,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Warlord_Pipsqueak,"Gameplay is fine, though the grid based system is somewhat dissapointing, but inevitable. It does lack a lot of polish though, controls feel clunky, camera is choppy, It looks pretty dreadfull, and there are graphical glitches abound. thankfully these are minor issues that can be patched out reasonably well, if they put some effort into it. All in all, it feels like a beta release, but a good beta release. recomended, but only for those that really wanna play warmachine on pc."
76561198018756376,Not Recommended,253510,27384279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lor0001,"Great concept, it's a shame that the publisher didn't want to invest in making the best product for their customers. Gameplay is laggy and uncomfortable. It isn't unplayable, it just isn't worth the time required to play.I say this with nothing but regret. I'm a massive Turn-Based Strategy fan and every time I see a game like this miss the mark I'm sad for the genre."
76561198140513716,Not Recommended,253510,28643956,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,abc.d,"Can't really enjoy it because of horrible performance issues. I have a fairly high-end PC, yet the game constantly lags, stutters and even freezes for minutes at a time if i do something unusual... like click 'load game'. All while hogging 16GB of RAM running on medium settings... seriously?Which is sad, because the world, units, factions etc are beautiful and unique, with an interesting game system on top. Maybe after another year of development... currently, a 40min mission takes 2 hours, because you are constantly waiting for something. Much potential, but not worth it in present state."
76561198009812754,Recommended,253510,15161432,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Top_Privilege,Now I know alot of people had super high hopes up for this on the kickstarter. and yes when this first came out it was a bugy mess. However as time passes on they have been adding more and more to the game and fixing the problems. Keep in mind when this first came out they made it clear that the game was in alpha or beta so at first it was not going to look so great. With all that said this was a fantastic first attempt at making their first video game. But I wont lie I cannot wait till it is fully updated and playable.HOWEVER!If you are a fan of the table top = buy it on saleIf you dont play the table top = I would not recommend this OR wait till its fully updated
,Recommended,253510,12283739,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Your Dav3,"Hiya,Long time Table top player here and let me start off saying this isn't the same thing. And that's a great thing. Now of course this game is still in early access so it is bugy and it does have some known issues with certain graphics cards. So check those discussion threads and make sure this game will work for you now before buying it, or wait untill the the full release.As it is currently Warmachine is a fantastic tactical game with good balance and different feel between the factions. Multiplayer is definitely going to be this games strong point, but even the main story is looking solid so far. The lore of Warmachine is great but you're not going to need to know any of it to succeed in this game, it looks like new players will pick this up quickly. Really if you have experience with turn-based strategy games I think this will be a breeze to grasp. The even better news is that with all the freedom in unit selection and the range of units it's easy to create tons of strategies. And the multi-player community is already here and going to get stronger as the game nears release and leaves early access.Bottom line for me this game is good. Even if you can't get it now I highly recomend following it and picking it up later. I don't think you'll regret it."
76561198070330940,Not Recommended,253510,28319450,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,AstinDextor,"As a tactics game it doesn't stand out much in the genre. It's only moderately faithful to the tabletop game. And it still is missing features that were promised during early access, and which the devs are ignoring to keep pumping out more and more DLC. Give it a pass, no matter how much you may love the Iron Kingdoms."
76561198089407981,Recommended,253510,12241181,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,codykarlas,"Current ideas  I thought of that might improve the game and help give it the Awe in Awesome. Could possibly use a zoomed in combat cam that will follows the selected character as they go for a finishing blow, possibly with a short battle animation of them erradicating the enemy players unit. Might even do good with one that follows a moving enemy too in order to notice what your opponent is doing if possible. Slow motion death cam could be neat if possible. Still having fun. Looking forward to see what will be added to the game."
76561198000517559,Recommended,253510,13081598,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Caristama,Yes this game is not finishedYes there are a few bugsYes it is not EXACTLY like the table top gameBut still I enjoy this game very very much. I also played the TT version for quite some time and I must say they come pretty darn close to the same sensation as when I was playing the TT version.Although I do agree that the deluxe edition is somewhat overpriced for the current state. But I hope it will only get better!
76561197985072747,Recommended,253510,14150715,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Steampunk?Fanatsy Turn based StrategyI have never played the board game of this but have played similar games in the past. The game itself has an extensive campaign with 20 missions, having differing objectives and units throughout. You play as the one faction Cyngar, although I suspect that other campaigns may be added later. You command basic troops, heroes and bandits (Mini Mechs). You also have access to some spells and abilitys to turn the tide of battle. The controls are not the easiest but after a bit of trial and error they should make more sense and help you decide which units to move and attack with first (I recommend the tab key for cycling through units). The game plays well and the universe and story of the campaign are fairly engaging. I haven't tried a skirmish game yet but this should allow you to contrpl the other factions against the AI or humans. There is some DLC, but this just adds more units to the skirmish mode, so don't feel obliged. A fun game for all fans of turn based strategy."
,Recommended,253510,11303086,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AGS | Peter (Biteme),"I don't normally write reviews of early access games, but I felt inspried to do so given the rather one sided nature of the current set of reviews.Let me clarify one thing, the price of the game is a reflection of fairness regarding the price players paid during the kickstarter to access earier versions of the game. Contrary to most, this game will actually decrease in price as it gets clsoer to release, just like we have seen with Planetary Annihilation. Therefore this review is based on a 20$ game.The game itself looks gorgeous. There does seem to be a little overemphasis on the glow effects, but other than that and a few graphical bugs expected during beta the game is a real beauty. There is a definite lack of features and areas to play in, but that again is also to be expect in the game's current stage of development.Gameplay wise it could not be better. This game more than any other I have played brings the tabletop to the desktop. They have very succesfully transferred what is a very top quality tabletop boardgame and directly applied it in terms of look and gameplay to the PC. Players take turn moving their (now fully animated and awesome) miniatures and attacking, with all of the actions avaliable in a simple and effection fashion. The UI is clearly unfinished so we cannot take a good look at that yet, but the layout is very intuitive and the ability to move your camera right down into the heart of the action makes for some really exciting action moments rarely seen in the turn based genre.Overally I conclude that the game is already enjoyable, but only about 50% feature complete and I very much look forward to the final product as all of the work so far is superb."
76561198008498465,Recommended,253510,13291466,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,arethosemypants,"Looking solely at story this game has been quite enjoyable. However for a ""released"" game it is lacking in some basics that other turn-based strategy games already have inplace. Such as oh I don't know the option to save in mission; either you complete a mission or you have to start the mission from the beginning. There is also no fog of war in this game, so when you are in a mission you can see all the enemy units (excluding any trigger created units).Looking at other reviews I see I am not the only one who is very disappointed in the choppy camera functions but this could easily be fixed. The controls for the camera are terrible and simply awful in comparison to other strategy games. Rather than a simple hold shift (or other key) and move the mouse to adjust the angle or rotate the camera, you have multiple sets of keys you to use in order to manipulate the camera to the desired position. But overall, I would still recommend the game. I just hope that the developers fix the various glitches and the camera controls."
,Not Recommended,253510,29350191,Posted: 18 January,all,Karl Hunt,Holy crap it's actually gotten WORSE than when it was in early access!!!
,Not Recommended,253510,19801140,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,codeman74,"TL;DRWarmachine: FrustrationMy full two cents:I love Warmachine, it's a very solid and well thought out game that isn't too much of a cult or too difficult for anyone to get into. That being said, it pains me to do it, but I just can't recommend this game.Minutes in, you'll see how horribly optimized it is with framerate drops, freezes, etc. And sweet jesus, someone needs to explain to me how you can miss 90% chance hits, 90% of the time. The game will make you want to put your head in a vice and start squeezing.My biggest issue would be with pathfinding. While a lot of times, you won't have an issue running off into the distance to regroup, sometimes your units will choose to run right in front of multiple enemies versus taking the equally long, but wide open route. The free strikes involved will make a huge difference in-game.Other small issues are all within the quality of the game itself. The voice acting is unbearable, the cut scenes are of PS1 quality where the ragdoll effects are fairly competent (priorities?), the camera is TERRIBLE. There is no way to get it just straight up and down with the maps, or to redirect it to look around buildings and similar when trying to move units. This results in your clicks, though clearly on the ground around the corner, to be redirected to the front of the building. sacrificing your movement.Clearly I've got some gripes, but a small part of me believes that with these frequent updates (anywhere from 500MB to 3GB), one of them will actually get it right. Till that happens, I can't fathom giving this game a thumbs up. It's physically painful to play."
,Not Recommended,253510,16627934,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Anaxamaxan,"So frustrating! This could be an awesome game. As another reviewer noted, Warmachine: Tactics is ideal for a board game to PC game adaptation, due to its complicated rules of combat and movement. But this seems more like a prototype than a finished product. The basic complaints are all true, the buggy camera is especially annoying. The music is irritating, and apparently never changes. After a couple hours I finally just turned it off entirely. In spite of the bugs, I really gave this game a solid try, but 6 hours in and I'm just giving up.The big deal killer for me is three times now, after 30-40 minutes of play on the train crash map, a system notice will pop up, taking focus off the game window, and the game instantly crashes. This wouldn't be so bad if progress was saved, but nope, gotta start the map all over again. Compare Warmachine to XCOM: Enemy Within, which was released around the same time. I'm giving up on this one."
76561198049379950,Recommended,253510,13146941,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Maelstrom 5-6,"The game is pretty fantastic. I would say my only issues were the lack of players online, the fact that the AI is borderline idiotic in Skirmish matches, and that every time I try to beat level 20 the game crashes for the campaign. It is still a blast to play for fans of the tabletop, and if you can stand the bugs that are still being fixed, definitely get it. If you are easily frustrated by bugs, then I would wait a while before purchasing so they have a chance to fix everything up. I am looking forward to them expanding the game into more diverse Skirmish options, and maybe including playable Hordes as well."
,Not Recommended,253510,32152644,Posted: 3 June,all,Sakura J Lim,poor quality and not something i would recommend for any warmachine table top fan. I want so badly to like this game but its poor clunky ui makes it impossible. I hope a proper company gets a hold of this and makes something wonderful.
76561197965935379,Recommended,253510,11567342,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,BNTYHNTR98,"Loving the game so far, The company is very vocal listning to the comunity.   Also the changes that are happning each week are improving the game play and adding to the enjoyment of the game, White Moon Dreams is doing good with the game and I look forward to the finished product.letting peopl right now know this is unfinished its in Alpha/beta stage, lots of testing and changes taking place often, and for the better so far, your getting 20 extra units and the game is what you get.The extra units are not game breaking , DLC for this game is more like options than it is advantage, this is More a way to play the match differently , if you pay 50 bucks for example and buy all the DLC you will have the same advantages as a person paying 20 dollars and getting the basic game.   The balance for the game is set and established by the table top rules its based on and established over 10 years.65 dollars you get your game and 20 extra units, Dont like the price Wait and you will get the game for much less and minus the extra units.     Everyone has there choice but either way , this is a tital that you will regret passing up."
76561198006517917,Not Recommended,253510,13674221,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,nicholas383,"Run away as far and as fast as you can from this game! I wanted it to be good, as I like the table top game, but it absolutely isn't. It lacks polish in a big way. Targeting is atrocious, the camera is beyond bad, I'm six missions in and stuck. To be clear, I've beaten almost every game I've ever bought and never once not finished because it's ""too hard"". There is some 101 stuff they have completely ignored in this game that is standard for tactics games. You cannot save mid mission so one mistake wastes an hour of hard work, you can't pick your troops before a battle. This is absolute garbage. Way to lower your standards Privateer Press."
,Not Recommended,253510,14125362,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dirkradix,Unpolished game. Feels like you're playing underwater. Even on the highest video settings. Action Camera doesn't work right. Music/Sound effects cuts out everytime an enemy unit moves. Non-stop random BSOD prevents you from progressing the campaign.This game should go right back to early access.
,Not Recommended,253510,17149819,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ajoeyplays,"I purchased in early access.I have never finished a match, the game is just so slow moving and im not talking proformance either.I paid way too god damn much for this."
76561198025528079,Not Recommended,253510,16302179,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Chakan,I play the table top game this is an okay experince of that but for a video game i dont want to have to pay for all the content on top of the game. If i wanted to buy each army on its own i would just buy the figures.
76561198035554883,Recommended,253510,19435968,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Quesocito,"I definitely recommend this to anyone that likes turn based squad/army combat.Pros:+6 unique races to choose from, each with their unique play styles, abilites, visuals, etc+GFX is great, lots of attention to detail on the models, with great diversity between factions+Wide range of passive/active abilities to choose from across all the units+Each unit can be used in many different ways (eg ""melee unit"" doesnt just have to run in and slash)+Tech support is responsive and helpfulCons:-Campaign is linear, with no customisation between missions-Single campaign, player mainly only uses 1 of the 6 races-Low number of maps to choose from in MP/skirmish-No army painter for skirmish/MP-No hotseatAt the moment there isn't anything on the PC market that is like this, but as others have said, its like a mash-up between Warhammer and XCOM. It's a very diverse game so naturally it has a relatively steep learning curve. I have thousands of hours experience in different strategy games, so I can safely say this is a great game.The game (and more importantly the DLC's) get very cheap when there's a sale so if ur hesitant about the price, just wait for a sale."
76561197991023677,Recommended,253510,11341380,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,LtCommander,"Everyone needs to understand that this game was created from a Kickstarter ages ago. It's in Alpha, there will be BUGS, there will be control issues. So get that through your system. Regardless, if you are a fan of PP industries you will truly enjoy this game as it is just like the tabletop game. Granated, with a few things here and there that seem off. I am sure the designers of this game will iron out the details. Beautiful units for an Alpha, minor details that catch the eye and bring the characters to life. Pretty fun game. For 64$ you're not just buying a early release but supporting the devolopment of this game to be something more than just the cookie cutter turn style games out there."
,Recommended,253510,11306386,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Stargate_Nerd,"Warmachine: Tactics is a turn-based strategy game, akin to XCOM and similar. While it is faithful to the tabletop game it is based upon, it currently offers little for the large price attached to it. I will go into more detail below.Pros+ The Asthetics- The game is set in the Iron Kingdoms, a high-fantasy world designed by Privateer Press that mixes magic and steampunk technology, resulting in the trademark multi-ton Warjacks of the franchise, and the Warcasters who control them. Each faction has a very distinctive design and colour palette (from the armoured and crimson Khador to the clean white and gothic-like Protectorate), so no matter what your taste one or several of the factions should appeal to you.+ Performance- In eight hours of gameplay, I have only suffered a single crash and malfunction in the game. The game seems to be in a surprisingly stable state. My only complaint about the preformance would be that on a low-medium setting, I am only getting 15-20 FPS. However, I am unsure weither this is because of the game being unoptimized or because my computer is getting a bit old. Nevertheless, if you have a somewhat modern rig, you shouldn't have any problems running the game at a pleasant FPS.+ Fun-factor- Being a player of the tabletop Warmachine, the prospect of seeing the normally still and silent models come to life is very entertaining. Then watching the behemoth Warjacks swatting away infantry like insects is thrilling. The team behind Warmachine: Tactics has faithfully remade the tabletop units into the game. and they look, move and feel as they should. Add to this good sound and visual effects (I have no doubt these will be further improved upon) and satisfying ragdoll effects.Even in its currently limited state, I have enjoyed every minute of the eight hours I have so far spent playing Warmachine Tactics, and I am certain that I will continue to play it for hours to come, both before and after the game's release.Cons- Early Access- As it stands, the game is in a pretty unfinished state. While the game runs quite well (Only one crash in eight hours of gameplay, and no game-breaking glitches or bugs.), it is unoptimized. Alongside this, many of the features that are intended to be in the final release are not yet implemented. All four main factions (Khador, Cygnar, Protectorate, Cryx) have only one battlegroup of units available, and this battlegroup can't yet be modified. There are also only two multiplayer maps, and one singleplayer mission available.The advantage of buying the game during the Early Access is the addition of the Digital Deluxe edition, which includes some future paid DLC for free.- The Price- For what the game Currently offers, it is expensive. When the game is released it will be sold at a lower than current price, but at the disadvantage of not including some of the paid DLC that will be released after the game's release. By buying it now you will recieve the game, some future paid DLC for free And being able to play the game in it's current form.According to the developers, the combined cost of the finished game and DLC will be higher than the current price for the Digital Deluxe edition on sale here.Conclusion- Before you make any purchase, you should look up some gameplay videos on YouTube. There are many to chose from, and don't be afraid of watching several before deciding weither or not this game is for you. I also need to stress that the game is Unfinished. It is clunky and rough around the edges (In addition to it being expensive for what it currently offers.)But that should be expected from any Early Access title available on Steam. Do not buy this game expecting a finished product filled with content, because you wont find that here.If you are fan of Warmachine and don't mind playing an unfinished and work-in-progress game, in addition to paying quite a bit for it, I can safely say you will enjoy Warmachine: Tactics. However if you aren't feeling the urge to immediately play it, you wont miss out on much by waiting for the full release and a cheaper price.If you are less experienced about Warmachine, I again recommend you look it up properly before you make your purchase, else perhaps wait until the finished game is released, and along with it a lower price tag."
76561198051013415,Recommended,253510,11737367,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,The Screaming One,"Now this brings back my days to the pc. It is a great Strategy, Turned based game that literally reminds me of the table-top version which involved thought and somewhat luck. WARMACHINE TACTICS brings it all back except without the dice, tape and extras. I've barely had the game and I am loving it."
76561198024513464,Recommended,253510,14942854,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Willogical,"I'm a big fan of Warmachine and PrivateerPress, so understand this is probably somewhat biased. I enjoy the game thoroughly. Admittedly it is clearly a work in progress, but I would call the base game a decently completed product. The optimization is lacking a bit as the frame rates will be surprisingly low on high settings for rather powerful computers. That being said, the system flows very well, it is very pretty for a turn based strategy game, and if you enjoy the Iron Kingdoms lore, it is very hard not to enjoy the game. I can't wait to see this game if/when they add all the factions and troop, jack, casters for Warmachine and Hordes."
76561198093856603,Recommended,253510,13086587,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,mikefjames,"As a keen Wargamer and player of the original table top version, i was excited to see Warmachine brought to Steam. Gameplay is very close the the miniature game, and I find myself using familiar tactics and combos to complete the single player missions. There are some things that still need improvement, particularly the constantly changing camera angles.  Otherwise an enjoyable turn based strategy game."
76561198019342649,Not Recommended,253510,11222801,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,RainbowVivi,"Imagine a $5 indie title that's unfinished, buggy, and clunky to play; that is Warmachine in it's current state. It's actually 1-2 years away from a decent experience, and the fact that they are releasing this in August 2014 means there is no intention to advance it beyond borderline-playable.If I had payed $5 for the early access I would have been disappointed, but at $65 it is a scam and the company should be embarressed."
76561197974873498,Recommended,253510,11310975,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Graith,"This game is a true representation of the Table Top. Which is exactly what I wanted it to be. It seems clear from reading the reviews that players don't understand that. Many of the complaints I've seen from people is the price point, however if you were going to play WM in a game store (Like I do) then it would cost you $50 for a battle box + tax. In the digital game you're getting 4 battle boxes + a unit and the promise of all that is to come for $65. The amount you get alone in this deal is far greater value. If you are a table top WM player this is an exact copy, and it is fantastic. Good work folks at the studio I can't wait for the finished version and I'm looking forward to Hordes! All the negative reviews that I have read, are clearly from people that don't play the table top and have no idea what they are looking at. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,253510,11342156,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Richard Playdof,First off this is amazing thank your privateer press i ♥♥♥♥ing love you guys. If you want to know what this is like imagen playing warmachine the table top game but on the computer its literally the same thing.I just wish i had a better computer to run it on higher settings.
,Recommended,253510,11413386,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,FrigginPandas,"I seriously don't see why this is getting such negative reviews because of price. They have stated many times this is the deluxe edition and will be lowered upon release in August...oh well.I have never been very much into Warmachine and always a Warhammer fan (games and table top) but that doesn't mean I am not enjoying this game. It took me time to understand each faction and how to play them even if I took many losses. After some practice I found the game to become more and more enjoyable. Yes this game has it's flaws but it is expected seeing how it's under Steam's Early Access. I do hope the menu becomes less bland upon release and better optimized (but as I said before this is early access). I like this game and don't regret spending what I did for it because I wanted the delux edition, so I got what I paid for. If you want to take the risk and play it now than go for it or just wait until it is released at a lower price."
76561198020475367,Recommended,253510,11370176,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,vortigin,first off turn based. thats what warmachine is on table top. so far did the singel mish 3 times and like it. played 3 vs and all 4 races are out with hopes the rest soon to follow.
76561198006765810,Not Recommended,253510,11184710,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MrPink,"I do not recommend buying the game at this stage. Despite being the kickstart supporter for this project and being happy with what is being delivered so far, the game is not even in a beta stage.I suggest you wait for the release and I am sure you won't be disappointed. Right now the game (and the price) is more or less a method of additional funding for people interested in supporting the project."
76561198031612993,Not Recommended,253510,14223515,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Trogdor the Burninator,"First at all, I wanna say: If you like the TG-Version, play it. You will maybe like it.For everyone who is playing tactic games: Don't even think about it!There are many reasons for it (sorry, I'm working as a QA in the gaming industry and maybe I found more things, where somebody else would say: Come on? Really? The game is fine for me, it doesn't bother me that much!). So here we start:1. You can't choose any other language, it's only in english. Not really a problem for me, but even Games for 5€ like ""Knights of Pen and Paper"" got more language packages. Even subtitle would be fair enough for people who don't speak english.2. You can't cancel the intro, you have to see the full conversation of 3D-Models who do nothing... NOTHING... You hear them talking and the camera is switching to each person, but they don't move. Not even once, or move their lips.3. A part of the second one, is the 3rd crap... You got 3D-Models and they do nothing? oO All videos are like this. 3D-Models standing on the same position, camera is moving around/switching positions, but the whole situation is static! It's like you looking at Barbie and Ken standing there and you listen only to voices. This is so epic...4. Gameplay / Control settings... OMG, this isn't only the 4th reason... There are so many issues... Didn't they gave it to someone else who just said:""Rly? Who would play like this?"", or they said:""I can handle it, it's fine for me, bring it on!""4a. The camera moving, it's fine with the keyboard, if you get into a curvy level with alleys... it will drives you crazy, of switching the fews.4b. Camera again, but this time the ""Enemies Turn"" -.- You always... RLY F***ING ALWAYS!!!!!! Move back to your champ... This means... (camera view) The enemy make one move... The camera switch back to your champ... (camera view) The enemy attacks... The camera switch back to your champ... and it's all the time like THIS! After a match of 30mins, you are getting crazy!4c. If you didn't played the TG-Version, you are confused after the tutorial. Well, not really confused, but in my opinion, when you played a tactic-game you can move your characters to covering position and when you got some movement points left, let your character defend/attack when an enemie is in the line of sight. Here is only ""Done"" the option.4c. Choosing another target. You get missions, where you have to destroy mission objectives. ""You played the tutorial? Yes. You see all the overload of informations? Yes. You can attack the objectiv? No. Did you saw the little buttons with ""Next""? No... F***!"" and it is like I said. You got massive buttons to do something, an overload of informations and two little buttons for ""Next"" to choose another target.4d. Combined attacks for example is one of the features, where you first don't know what the hell you got to do. Till you found out, you don't even need another character, no. When you combined it, with the characters who are able to do so, it happens nothing... Till you click again on one of these characters to double-ok-lets-this-finally-finally-finally-finally... It feels like: You want to uninstall it? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure?4e. No automatic-""End Round""?! oO... What the hell... You made your moves, you can't do anything... after 10sec you realized, you didn't click the ""End Round""-Button.4f. Why you need to show a timer, how long the AI need and you needed for your turn? Who cares? When you put a time-mission into it, make a counter and stop it, when the AI make his turn...5. Clipping bugs... When you got a curvey level with many alleys, you will hate this level so much. Mostly you don't see anything, cause the automatic camera moves into houses/hills/etc, so you can see everything inside the houses/hills/etc, but not what happen outside of it...6. Sound bugs -.- I'm playing with a headset. Mostly I get shocked of a massive, but short sound interrupt from nowhere. You done a mission and befor the ""intro"" for the next mission starts you got a short sound-queue of the winning sound for 1-2 seconds, which is so loud, it will blow you up sometimes. ;)To conclude:You might got some fun, if you are a TG-Player. If you ""only"" like tactic-games and played some others befor, you won't be satisfied. There are too many things which will make you so angry and you will ask yourself, which person decided this and if this person really was the right one for this job, cause even a reta** wouldn't do this.They got really nice ideas, but only ideas... So many companies try to reinvent the wheel. Cause they wanna be someone. Games are for gamers and not for a Product Director, or a Game Designer. You want the people like your game? Make easy controls, put some lifeblood inside, stand behind your project and when you be really cool, invite 10-20 people to play that game WITH NO INTERRUPT! And see what they do!Well, I'm out... I will try to continue this game, when I'm so bored and really got nothing else to do and even to do nothing would be bored."
76561198010637492,Recommended,253510,11457076,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Danbokong,"Before I start I must say that I have played 3 or 4 games of Warmachine / Hordes on tabletop....So far I have played about a dozen matches. This is a faithful reproduction of the tabel top game. The factions are currently limited to 5 or 6 so differnt units and 1 Warcaster which is a long way away from the 50 or so in the table top game. Having said that there have been weekly updates which introduce knew units. So for instance tommorow there are knew warjacks being released for each faction. The look of the units and the quality of the graphics could not be better.Even in this beta version I would very much recomend this to anyone who is familiar with the tabletop game. I think this is pioneering work being done by Privateer Press and £37 is not much money  to support this, and certainly nothing in comparrison to collecting and painting the figures outside of the virtual environment.For those not familiar with the game but interested, there is no better way to learn than playing the beta and being forced to  use just a handfull of units. The alternative is to wait for the full release and instead be faced with the daunting prospect of learning and understanding 100+ units with 1000s of combinations in what I think will be a competitive scene.I give this game a big thumbs up and think and hope  it will be a huge success."
76561198000494759,Recommended,253510,13120146,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Invicta,"You know, this one has to be updated and bugfixed thoroughly, though in my opinion Warmachine already pays for itself. We have a nice campaign which gives the basics of gameplay and Sygnar features and we have a really nice competitive multiplayer with an army customisation (yet it has to be balanced). I think in several months when all units will be added, Warmachine will become a perfect multiplayer skirmish game, Tired of SCII and Dota mom rapists? Well, here we go."
76561198001779852,Not Recommended,253510,30470641,Posted: 12 March,all,Somis,so many basic bugs that should not be in a game that has been out for some time now!
76561198006499853,Recommended,253510,12224395,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,sacrenuk,-I would not recommend you buy this as Beta Early access unless you have a patience and love for Warmahcine.-This should not have been available for purcahse for Beta untill it had a lot more meat in it.-I would recommend for you to wait for the full game prior purchase because it looks really promising and may turnout to be a great game- WMD & PP need to do there best and polish this game off ASAP- REALLY NEEDS Player VS CPU format..... so people can enjoy hours of game play.If there is anything else I can think of will add here!I have giving this a positive review because it is promising. But you will be disappointed if you buy it now. Wait for the full game Confident it will be good fingers crossed
76561198006670355,Recommended,253510,12228414,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,gandalfthegrey,"I am a sucker for this type of game, but initially the reviews scared me off, as well as the high price.  But after the price drop I decided to take a chance and purchase the game.  Actually I found it pretty well focused and enjoyable.  It needs some additional work, to be sure, but it is playable.  I finished the initial scenarios fairly quickly, but I intend on going back and trying them again to see if I can make it through without losing any of the team members.If UFO and the Space Hulk game had a love child I think it would be something like this.  I'm hoping that the developer will continue to build on what could be a 'classic' turn based PC tactical game."
76561198011543590,Not Recommended,253510,25418721,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zenlizard,"As a long time player and supporter of the table top game this is based on, I was really looking forward to playing. I even pre-ordered the stupidly expensicve version. Now though, I can barely get the game to run, on a machine that should crush it. The odd graphical glitches still exist. The animations are poor. And I do not feel like this is a Warmachine game at all. You could change the colors around and slap another name on it and it would not make a difference at all. Go somewhere else if you like good turn based strategy."
,Recommended,253510,12093476,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,rudebones,"After the release of X-Com: Enemy Unknown, I was excited to play more tactical games. This game seems to be on the right path, and I will stick through Alpha and Beta just to see how the final product is."
,Not Recommended,253510,16277918,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rotensu,"From a single player perspective... the game doesn't have a save feature, so you just have to start from the beginning of missions you've unlocked. The cut scenes are so poorly done it's almost comedic, it just pans around stationary unit models and play's diagloue in the background."
76561197972801763,Recommended,253510,11239206,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Baker,This game has all the qualities of a well made tabletop wargame. And like any tabletopp wargame be prepared for the game to last well over an hour maybe 2. Warmachine has a great game mechanic and even at this early stage with the limited units and the single map available it still has a good depth of gameplay.
76561198036765105,Not Recommended,253510,18515444,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Missing String,"Pure trash.  Art assets aren't terrible, but UI, animations, sounds and cutscenes clearly come from a studio with limited experience at any sort of work on games.An unfortunate first outing for Privateer Press trying to establish their tabletop IP in a wider world, which is a shame, since the tabletop version stands worlds above this... product."
76561197966502672,Not Recommended,253510,18891801,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rip Van Winkle,"Just take a look at the number of NOT RECOMMENDED reviews, I'm adding mine for all the reasons already given, awful camera, awful UI, terrible, ie non exsistant animations, bugs, bugs, bugs and all the sharp, horrible business practices as below.When I purchased this I was expecting a FINISHED product, not something still in development which is what I got (and it is still not 'finished' as of Nov' 2015).Also the DLC method they are employing (as are many other game companies) should be made illegal, it is disgusting with the base game still full of bugs and unfinished never mind the actual sharp practice of this DLC culture.Unfortunatley fan boys will buy the game and the DLC even though it is a rip off and horrible business practice and companies like this will continue to release unfinished games then not finish them and pour out DLC while lining their pockets by robbing the idiotic public who willing throw their money at them for inferior product.DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANY OTHER GAME THAT USES THESE BUSINESS PRACTICES!"
76561198022754544,Recommended,253510,13398238,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,chaosguy,"A very good game if you like turn-based-strategy!  It's all about creating a synergy amongst the units at your disposal and timing your main character's unique one time use uber-ability ""feat"".  There are enough models to suit any playstyle and balance is pretty solid at this point.The single player campaign has an interesting side story which lets you play through and learn the Cygnar faction, but the game really shines in MP with the ecstasy of a well executed win and/or agony of defeat.  Be warned though, your average MP game tends to go 40 minutes to an hour,It's also different enough from the table top version that new players aren't at a disadvantage while still keeping to the heart of that experience as well.  All in all, worth playing if you're either into TBS games or a fan of the IP."
,Not Recommended,253510,19784285,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Hollowsong,"Looks and feels very unprofessional. Nothing like the actual Warmachine tabletop game.It's a little sad that we can't just have a digital version of the tabletop game... I don't know why people feel the need to recreate this as something entirely different.Both times I made an attempt to enjoy the game, all the characters were wearing santa hats with no way to turn it off. Such limited content, grainy pictures and graphics, just all-around amateur.Also, the launch menu is utter crap. No way to exit the screen until you launch the game, wait for the cutscene, then exit the game."
76561198006882649,Recommended,253510,12309742,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ares,"As a player of the tabletop this all that i can ask for, even if you are not a tabletop player the skill and fun of each mach is more than worth it"
76561197992014689,Not Recommended,253510,17006612,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Thano,"I wanted to pick this up for firends who are interested in table top type games and turn based, as they are always picking up one of my 40k armies off the book case they are on. This is horrible the fact they are trying to sell DLC and havent even addressed the issues with the core game says alot about what the DEVS think of us.Im SORRY BUT I SEE NO REASON TO BUY THIS GAME IT HAS BEEN A WASTE OF MONEY AND IF I CAN KEEP JUST ONE PERSON FROM TROWING THEIR MONEY AT THIS POS TITLE THEN I'VE DONE MY JOB. HONESTLY WAIT FOR TOTAL WARHAMMER.But if you are looking for a fun title I will say this check out Mordheim city of the dead ( sorry if I spelled it wrong. That is a game to check out and if you dont want to temp fate with another early access follow the game"
76561198057678462,Recommended,253510,11904948,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Cruelcifer,"This minature game is perfect for this format. This is a game  for strategy and table top game enthusiasts. I can not wait to see what is to come. Hordes? If they deliver 3/4 of what is promised, it will be a bargain too."
76561198003761668,Not Recommended,253510,14155124,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,RussianBear5000,"This game is not finished, there are tons of graphical glitches, the single player campaign is very poorly made with 0 animation to the cutscenes, and the camera and ui need to be completely overhauled."
76561198041567599,Recommended,253510,11897724,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Tyrinus,"A really fun game, currently early access so dont exxpect it to be perfect, but it looks like it will be really good when done."
76561198007227242,Not Recommended,253510,16309730,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BigBadYoda,"I really like the game in the beta, but it is not very well optimized. I have a very good rig, and I get constant lacks. Also, the patches are a pain in the rear, as they often lock up and fill up your hard drive... from 30gb free to 300mb free for a freakin' 11mb patch... no good"
76561198144102035,Recommended,253510,13022763,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,genericTitan,"Fun game - not the same as the tabletop, but it's similar enough to pick up quickly and keeps a lot of the strong parts of the game. I'm a bit put off by the DLC units, since I think it's only there because ""thats how the physical version works"" but the games not $60 and the Developers have done a fantastic job of listening to the community during early access, so I'm confident that it will work out."
,Recommended,253510,11720721,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,kinkadius,"Look, it's early access. BUT, it's getting far better build over build. You can see that they have a team that is clearly taking feedback and pushing out a LOT of content in a quick order every two weeks. I can say that I believe they are going to have a great product when they done, and getting in early helps provide feedback for them to make it the way you want it!"
,Not Recommended,253510,18211529,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Rezfon,Sluggish and the A.I. is rubbish. The real warmachine is far better.
76561198121022962,Recommended,253510,11590521,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,AsDarkAsDeath,I am no developer but asking people to use a 2 ghz quadcore thats a lot to ask on a pc maybe is there some way you can make it compatible for 2 ghz dualcore so that way more people would want to play being able to use a dualcore processor as miminal requirment/compaitable would be nice
76561198051672841,Recommended,253510,13114369,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,common_lies,"Great concept, great game.  Really hope they can get the hardware requirements down particularly on Mac.  Graphics are nice but tactics are better."
76561197970070744,Recommended,253510,13030436,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Pasakinal,"New to warmachine and new to tactics.Loving the game and its very satisfying to play a round each evening.Looking forward to new units being added in the futute.Its not perfect, but each patch has done wonders for the game and if it keeps up it will be one of the best turnbased wargames around.Update: Camera controls are still an issue and make enjoying the game alot harder then it should be."
76561197988696461,Recommended,253510,11281070,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/sunstormz,"Picked it up despite the steep price.  People need to learn what early access is (supporting a game that is no where near finished) If this was all the game offered and was a final produc tthen yes it would be over priced, but its no where near finished and on top of that this is the price of the deluxe edition.What is in the game (4 factions and 2 maps as well as a introductry single player map to let you get your feat wet) is good and I have played about 8 games with 2 of them experiencing bugs. There is so much potential here and your paying to help develop and bring that out when you pay for early access, not a finished product."
76561198008592199,Not Recommended,253510,33673631,Posted: 20 July,all,Kitch,"It's been out for three years and still has a bugged UI, graphics issues, and unfriendly menu options. Don't waste your money. Just play tabletop. This is hardly a placeholder for the real thing and is just frustrating to try and play."
76561197981570834,Recommended,253510,14769400,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HonkeyKong,"Having a great time playing through the single player in Warmachine: Tactics.  The story is fun but the strategy is the meat.  Really love the power of the Warjacks, love seeing people go flying when I blast them with a canon.   Also loving using infantry to group attack enemies, stacking massive damage at range.I know the single player is training for multiplayer.  Can't wait to go online and give some actual players the smack-down!"
76561198020929294,Not Recommended,253510,17245872,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Unreal rogue,"Great potential wasted on a buggy, watered down version of a wonderful tabletop game that has way to much DLC compared to what it offers in the base game."
,Not Recommended,253510,14692792,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,drew_west,"Had alot of potential, but the game feels like it was rushed out of development. The game has one of the worst UI and control schemes I have ever came across. Maybe down the line it will eventually be the game it should have been, but in the meantime this will be sitting gathering dust in my steam library (which is a shame). Don't spend £20+ on an unfinished, unpolished title like this... you'll only regret it."
76561198045200690,Not Recommended,253510,20566845,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Warsmith,"On mission 14 the game continually freezes...Iv'e rather enjoyed the game so far, but am quite annoyed at the continuous freezing up of this particular mission. AI glitches with units stuck facing one way, as well as a defeated warmech stuck in standing position and not reverting to a pile of rubble. Most of the factions/extra units are locked behind DLC. The DLC is expensive and you get very little for your money. Was looking forward to this game but was sadly disappointed."
76561198030623845,Not Recommended,253510,14062862,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DrFodder,"Don't buy this for a Mac, it barely starts and the graphics are so buggy that it's not playable."
76561198007476221,Recommended,253510,13034470,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Sole,"So, I'll start off with my initial thoughts of the game so far given that the full campaign has only just been released.  *Warning* there will be some slight spoilers.The good: I've just started to get into the tabletop version of Warmachine and so far what I've played does a good job of keeping to the core mechanics. The graphics are pretty good for a kickstarter game, some CG cutscenes would have been amazing (especially of the duel between Orsus and Sturgis) but that's really asking too much of a limited budget. The gameplay is well done, with actual thought being required so that you don't open yourself up to enemy charges or block your own movement and/or line of sight with an ill-timed activation. That's one aspect of the game I've really enjoyed so far which is good because there are a lot of minor areas that need at least a little improvement.The bad: The story. The story is almost cringe worthy in its absolute lack of originality and, so far, bad presentation - I mean, another superweapon that could change the course of the war / end the world as we know it plot line? Really? Even the opening scene almost made me facepalm when Jakes stated that ""I...I killed Commander Stugis"". My reaction was no, no you didn't. I haven't even played the storyline yet and I know this, stop being a drama queen. Given the fluff available in the books I was really expecting better, even the game characters seem almost caracatures of themselves compared to their presentation in the books. There is one twist that might have been interesting but since anyone with even a nodding acquaintence with the game likely knows what happens to Stugis it's a moot point. I would have liked something more along the lines of the old Dark Omen game where your actions and decisions decided how the story progressed and what units were available.The voice acting isn't bad, not great, but somewhere in the middle and they did seem to match their characters. However the pronounciation of Brisbane as Bris-bane really irritated me for some reason.Since I haven't finished the campaign yet I can't say the storyline is difinitively horrible but I'm not hopeful for a turn around though if it does happen I will edit this review.The mediocre: A couple of small issues that will likely be fixed in future patches, the UI really needs to be adjustable with at least a scale though being able to move, fade or remove selected elements in addition would be better. Having subtitles not take up almost a third of the screen would also be nice. The cost is about average for the standard edition but considering there's a lot of DLC in the works that you'll have to buy seperately... well maybe the DLC will reasonably priced.I'd recommend this game if you're looking for something fun that will likely focus around multiplayer battles. I haven't come across many bugs at all so far, mainly just a few with speech and sound clips not playing or not playing quite right. Definetly no game breaking bugs which is great. Whatever you do you should not buy this game expecting a great or even good story but the gameplay is solid especially if you enjoy mulitplayer battles."
76561197967371947,Recommended,253510,11229643,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,VasFURY,"The alpha is very basic/limited so far, but I am very impressed with the way that it is progressing. The video game captures well the feel of the miniatures tabletop boardgame, and it is really enjoyable to play!Looking forward for all of the features to be released shortly, but even now, the game is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,253510,11678192,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,"I just love this game. If you love Table Top gaming, and have been waiting for a adaptation of table top gaming, This is it! It may be expensive but man up you cheap bugger! if you spend $64.99 on a 15 model Blackbane's Ghost Raiders WARMACHINE Set then you can spend $64.99 on WARMACHINE: Tactics. Man up!"
76561197996815631,Not Recommended,253510,15327508,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Parintachin,"Oh, I SO want to like this game. The characters are fine, the setting awesome, but there are just Too many noob mistakes and game breaking bugs to recommend it to anyone but the most avid fan of the Warmachine miniatures game.Much of the time it feels like you're trying to force the game to behave more than thinking tactically. This is due to a series of major annoyances:- The 3d engine cannot seem to understand which square you're pointing at, making you constantly 'misclick' and have your troops move to a wrong square, which can cost you the game if someone you need buys it to a free strike- Free strikes, while we're on it, do not seem to follow the same rules for the player and the ai.- When moving, the trooper will often turn to a random facing after finishing the move, which looks hilarious at first - the tropper dashes over barrels and walls, then turns around as if pleased with his little hurdles run, but is soon annoying as hell when you have to spend time turning all your troopers back to face the enemy after moving.- The game rules are explained only in a rudimentory sense, making it near impossible for a person who hasn't played the miniatures game to understand, and is then changed in arbitrary ways. Since when does a Bastion have a charge move longer than the range of a Trencher's rifle? Why no hit locations, systems to disable on jacks? And infantry have Lots of boxes, while jacks have not been significantly boosted.- Line of sight does not take object height into account; a jack cannot shoot over the heads of infantry. And it seems that if any los possible crosses a square with a friendly trooper, there's no los.- Scenarios feel forced; there seems to be little to no room to actually Play here; you pretty much have to solve the problem the developers want you to, or fail, to the point where overwhelming forces are put in to push you as fast as possible this way or that. And not reading the mind of the developers correctly the very first time Will cost you the fight.- No save. Which makes the next problem even worse:- The games take a Long time; a fight often takes over an hour even if you fail pretty fast, and I've yet to play one that could be completed in under 1½. This is Way Too Much Time, and feels very unnecesary.All in all, I am sorely disappointed. There is still hope, but this one needs Major fixes."
76561198118379780,Recommended,253510,14335198,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,One Eye Whisky Dan,"There are few things as satifying as pulling a hail mary caster kill , turining defeat into  victory. No the game isn't perfect, but it's a work in progress, and with every update it gets better. The developers have been really hands on in getting feedback and you can really tell that this really is a passion project for them. So if you're a fan of tactical turn based games set in a rich ever expanding world, this is a game you should try. I look forward to seeing you on the battlefield and my warjacks look forward to crushing you."
76561197972264068,Not Recommended,253510,15420793,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,zeezok,"This game has a number of obvious issues, the most damning is the horrible camera which every other review has already covered.  The gameplay itself is mediocre; activating units is clunky and the selection of units is unintuitive even after the (poor) tutorial at the beginning.  After 5 missions, I finally realized I could just click on a portrait to activate a unit.The objectives aren't always clearly defined as far as exactly what you need to do to complete them.  The worst part of the missions is that the camera will instantly cut to an objective and then instantly back to a unit, leaving you no idea where the objective was on the map.  Panning the camera there and back would be a huge improvement to give a sense of direction.A few of the levels have impossible terrain to see what the hell is going on as far as the lines drawn on the ground for movement/spells/etc because the light blue or yellow lines aren't visible whatsoever upon the white snowcovered ground.  Also, it's hard to tell where the mission is trying to have you escape to at times because there's nothing differentiating the escape point from any other hard edge of the map.  Beacons would go a long ways in a few of the maps.It's also super frustrating when you go 98% through an hour long mission just to have one of the characters die at the end to cause mission failure and require you to play through the whole thing again (and again, and again, and again) because they don't allow saves in the middle of missions.  It makes gameplay feel like a torturuous chore and that they're punishing you for trying.If you're a fan of the tabletop game (like myself) and you want to know the fluff behind Jakes then you have to suffer through this game.  I've heard it's making strides in the right directions and I honestly think there's potential here but it's not polished enough yet to recommend and unless you love the backstory of the Iron Kingdoms I would wait for this game to get another 6-8 months of patches and fixes in before you play it because it's going to leave a bad taste in your mouth."
76561198158996997,Not Recommended,253510,33442318,Posted: 10 July,all,Mark,I Paid for the game and every dlc and now I can't get past the demo.If I can't play the game i have purchased I want a refund.
76561198073361839,Not Recommended,253510,33065904,Posted: 30 June,all,Savage Vince,"Rough around the edges, the UI could be better, the AI is not the greatest, and I've experienced some performance issues (though that might be my 7 year-old laptop). And it is a little pricey even without the dlcsBUT, the game is pretty faithful to the tabletop. And the character models are pretty cool (especially the warjacks). The campaign is alright but you'll have more fun creating warbands and creating synergies.I can't bring myself to recommend this game to everyone. I personally enjoy the game dispite its shortcomings. But I know many people who would be disapointed by this purchase.I do however recommend the demo if you want to forge your own opinion as it is free."
76561197978969227,Recommended,253510,15073971,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Taifun_Vash,"its a good strategic game reminds me a little of valkyria chronicles and Warhammer: Chaos Gate if i need to compare it with previous games, even if it does many things automatically. never played the tabletop the graphic is good the video scenes you could say they are still images there is no mouth moving or character movement at all in them. only played the skirmisch in the demo don't know if you can set the difficulty. the campaign is good and has a good story so far. i like it.if you are indecisive download the demo you can play the first two mission and the tutorial and skirmish with 4 out of six races.in the skirmish the ai is plain dumb and if you can't set the difficulty in the fullversion than you only have a nice campaign.there are a few contra but if you make use of the discount that ends at the 03.04 it's worth it in my eyes."
,Not Recommended,253510,15139285,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Th3Nark,"This game is crap. Please do not bother at all with it.It has been rushed and has minimal QA work done on it and is tacky as all fk...I think they should be offering people their money back for this game, I pretty much NEVER say that about any game, but this one if just sooooo bad it warrants it.I mean its in full release and still has SPELLING MISTAKES IN THE FKN CAMPAIGN TEXT!!!!The UI is ugly and tacky, the gameplay itself is painful with how bad moving your units is and the auto camera will have you looking through a building 50% of the time.Seriously you guys need to offer refunds to people who got this game. It is seriously the worst game I have played in a long time."
76561198026989124,Not Recommended,253510,14587874,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Hardcore Pwnography,"This game would be amazing if it wasn't a pay to win experience through ""DLC"", which shoudl just be patches.I pay $50 AUD to access the game, then i am forced to pay an extra charge of almsot $10 AUD per unit i need to actualy be viable against people who play multiplayer.I was hoping to try this game out as i loved xcom and maybe even take up the table top version, but making me constantly pay for more and more parts of the game (just to play it) buying the game upfront just isn't worth it.this would of been amazing if they just made the units free and made me pay for cosmetics so i could give them money if i liked it rather then have to give them money TO like it.even if you gave the people who payed for the game all the benifits and then made it free to play (like HON did) i wouldnt mind at all.I payed money for a game not a prety poster that thinks its a game and constantly askes me for money just to look at it.you are killing the online comunity by making the people who can win the ones with the money.even the table top game is cheaper then this for me in Australia."
76561198042695787,Not Recommended,253510,14118980,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Maxss2,"Update: June 2015I honestly have been doing what I can to really be fair, and I really want to LIKE the game, but there's still so much that keeps it from being what it could be.The changes since my original review of the game that I have seen have been incremental and marginable at best. Small details that iron out rough edges, but still leaving large flaws that run through the game.Barring a severe overhaul of the game on every level, I still say to pick up the demo of the game and see how you feel with that, Otherwise, behave like there's still an 'Early Access' banner on the page.----- Original Review ----Despite what the site says, despite what the people promoting the game may say.... this game is still deserving of the term 'Early Access'... I'm hoping that maybe a glitch or error was made on the page that took that down, but I'm still sitting here and wishing that Steam might have the same 'return' policy that Origin has (yeah, that's right, I'm saying that this game makes Origin better than Steam, that's how far it's pushed me.)If you're hard-up for a turn-based strategy game to play, there really are better ones out there. Otherwise, if you're that much a fan of the tabletop game and wanna see (some of) your favorite warcasters out there actually move and do things, go right ahead.I'm just gonna delete this now, hopefully I can come back in a while and see a more polished product that I feel was worth my 20$"
76561198006715294,Not Recommended,253510,18450072,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Avendol,"was a great demo, but the main game is full of bugs."
76561197998288303,Not Recommended,253510,17113845,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Lord Drjay,"boring game. really slow!!!! game is crap no intresting challenges, just the same old half baked rubbish all the way through. dont buy this game."
,Recommended,253510,14639383,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nekuth,"Having only played the demo, forgive the limited PoV, However, I was a veteran of Warmachine Mk1.The gameplay certainly tries to ring true to the tabletop game, but has moments when you wish it was true, but isn't.Spells before movement: I can see why they removed this, they probably didn't have the techno know how to prevent a ""move, spell, moveback"" tactic. Instead they count spells as an action.DEF and ARM: there was moments when I thought ""how would that guy hit/damage him!?"" Like the normally POW11 Trencher rifles doing 5 damage to a Juggernaught.But, I do have to commend the designers, it certainly has alot to offer, but I don't think they have the know how to polish the final game.Pro'sGraphics are amazing, and bring the universe to light (it would be nice to have an army painter though, I did play a field grey (AKA green) Khadoran force)True to tabletop gameplayCon'svery clumsy camera tracking: I had my units go round a corner, not knowing their was the enemy mere squares away. Camera's getting blocked by scenary. Even at one put the same buildings took away all the scenery and units, but leaving the HUD and overlay, however the game returned to normal quickly.In all, a very good game, but does need a final polish for it to become an awesome game!"
,Not Recommended,253510,18091665,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"tried to enter game killing bug report, 3rd party website is deadSince i've been waiting forever for the admin on the forums to accept my signup to post this bug, here's the bug.First story line mission, tutorial. I do the charge part of the tutorial as instructed, the tutorial want's me to charge a 2nd time, at close range (which is not possible) I can't end turn, end combat etc.., or charge. permanent hang, on the first missions, in the first 10 minutes.... /golfclap . I payed 75 for this ages ago, i was HOPING it was fixed. more then a year later, and still broken to pieces. What a let down. Don't buy it, it's not even working for most people."
76561198035392219,Recommended,253510,18868243,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,noobk2,"I bought this game a long time ago and it was ""meh"" at best. It was very rough, the game did not run smooth and using the UI and camera controls felt clunky.The game runs extremely smooth now with the update and feels very good during play. It feels very natural this time around picking up the controls."
76561198044000745,Recommended,253510,13233350,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Oscerian,"I just bought the game about a week ago. Its a good fun game that has a few bugs but with a bit of work, it could be as good as xcom enemy unkown. Great table top game"
,Recommended,253510,12427827,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zafra,"Fantastic strategic game, closely resembling the tabletop version - lots of fun!"
,Recommended,253510,23110409,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Wakaflakaflamx,played several ranked games its a great game to play if you love the table top version its not the same but the atmosphere is there without actually pulling out models and measuring tapes
76561197972316348,Recommended,253510,14209071,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Thimn Witt,"This game has come a long way and its really good right now, and they are adding more and more. I really enjoyed the single player campaign. I can't wait to play through all of them. The Multiplayer is providing fun and challenging matches. You can't ask for a better game."
,Not Recommended,253510,22096137,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,WILDCATreactor,"I love warmachine, the lore, the models, the mechanics.  This game manages to spit on all of PP's hard work and reduce a good strategy and tactics game to the shenanigan of dropping every ranged attack on a single target until it promptly dies and then repeating with the next closest enemy you can target.  Whoever decided to reduce damage while increasing unit health and completely eviscerating the warjack damage table should be hung.UI blows chunks whenever you try to do anything remotely like clicking a button and the AI is neither artificial, nor intelligent, id est, natural stupidity.If you're bored to death of banging your head against a wall for lack of anything better, feel free to waste your money on this game for the cheap thrill of building a walking wall of artillery.  Honestly, spend your money on the tabletop game you've already gotten into if you need more Iron Kingdoms in your life."
76561198111941536,Recommended,253510,23217925,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SmileyCoyote,"I think there is some misunderstanding about this game, this is not your typical strategy or tactical game. Warmachine Tactics is essentiantially the Tabletop game put into a videogame. I bought this game because I used to be a Warhammer tabletop player and was looking to get into tabletop games again, I heard about Warmachine and Privateer Press. What this game does is essentially introduce you to the world of Warmachine and the playable races. This is absolutey fantastic! Rather than go out and spend hundreds of dollars on models and books and hours of painting models as a new player only to learn that you didnt like the faction you picked this game is a great introductory into the rules, spells, abilities and over all combat doctrine of each race.I see complaints about UI and all sorts of bugs, I got this game, created a unit list, and started playing quickmatch and figured it out in about 5 minutes.  The game is lacking in unit rosters but has enough variability for each race that you can build your battlegroup any way you want to play. It isnt the most emmersive or the most well-toned game but for a digital tabletop this game is fantastic considering it isnt a AAA title.I reccomend this game to anyone interested in either the tabletop or just want to play around with a Stratego on Steroids. Remember Stratego? that game was the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198085627843,Not Recommended,253510,20758803,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ryanthenerd,"So much promise, so much disappointment. If you are looking for turn based strategy look elsewhere, If you have played the super awesome table top game just go play that more, if you haven't played the award winning table top games Warmachine or Hordes then spend your money on a battle box and spend your time doing that instead. This game is a waste of both time and money, I can just hope that Privateer Press tries again with a company that knows what they are doing"
76561197970386653,Recommended,253510,25846350,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,the tryhard rabbit,"This game is getting better and better, the patches withnew units added some real diversity by adding some interesting models to the game.The look and feel of the game also fits the lore very well."
,Recommended,253510,15618871,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,ursamaul,"Very authentic to the tabletop game, a little buggy but I'm sure these issues will be fixed in time. I need more people to play with so buy this game!"
76561198018428749,Recommended,253510,14931813,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sgt.priad,game is fun but do not recommend playing game on the minum req. slow to learn controls and game mechanics but once you pick them up you start to get extremly into game.
,Not Recommended,253510,15132057,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"D3lness, Bot gone wild","Its not Warmahine. Remember that before you get this game. I have to say that I was well aware of that on the way in with this game and was still disappointed. Warjack animations and sfx are ok, I'll give Whitemoon that. Gameplay itself, however, just feels janky and off. The story in the game is as bad as the stuff in the books (unless you enjoy that lore, then by all means it will suit your tastes). Don't expect digital Warmachine. Don't expect rules to translate nicely between the two. Don't expect to not be punished for playing smart by tabletop standards. Enemies will spawn out of the blue in story mode and ruin what you considered a well defended area. Not in the ""oh man, sneaky assassin!"" kinda way. More like the ""the plot demanded this stuff show up here so we randomly threw it here."" That combined with the DLC setup? No mas!"
76561198011750284,Not Recommended,253510,14146300,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Augusti,"I really love the setting, art-style and fluff of the world. And I really liked the idea of transferring the tabletop faithfully into a turn-based video game.But the game is not finished. It doesn't work. There are constant bugs, the optimization is non-existent (I get sub 10 fps despite my system clearly passing min specs), the single player content is really minimal, camera is super wonky, UI is a mess and generally everything in this game is unfinshed. This game is in early beta, but the devs are pumping out expensive DLC characters.Don't buy."
76561198006917383,Recommended,253510,25572472,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,King Doom,"Okay, to start with, I'll point out that there was a very small review (archived at the bottom of this one) that was essentially a complaint about how the game lacks a save system. Well, less than a week later the Dev's implimented a save function to single player. Clearly they read the old review and terrified by the thought of annoying me as they had, they fixed it as soon as they could. (I don't actually mean that. That was a joke.)Oh, and I'll also mention I've never tried the multiplayer mode, so I can't comment on how popular it is or how easy it is to get pick up matches or suchlike. If that's your thing you'll probably want to check the discussion forums for that.Right, so.... actual review time now. Where to start? Well, the game looks rather spectacular. They went all out on the graphics, that much is obvious. Everything looks nice and crisp and all the animations move smoothly. More often than not when a game developed like this puts that much focus on graphics it tends to suffer in other areas like performance, but I can't say that's true here. When I bought this my PC was chugging along with an absolutely shameful amount of RAM that meant that most toasters had more processing power than it did, and there was no lag in combat or movement. The closest things I can think of that some people might consider to be issues here are the cutscenes, which are voiced but not animated (You get still images of the people involved in dramatic poses while the lines are spoken) and the way corpses can pile up - if you kill enough people in one small area the bodies tend to stack up and get a bit weirdly floppy and wave limbs wildly and suchlike. Neither thing is an actual game breaking issues though, just something people might not like.TL;DR: Graphics good and shiny nice.What next? Gameplay. Well, the UI can be a touch fiddly in a few cases - if a unit gets extra movement, say from a skill that lets it shuffle about a bit after killing someone you need to actually click on the YES I'M DONE WITH THIS UNIT button which caught me out a few times and made me think the game had broken the first time it happened, but once you get used to it it certainly isn't the worst UI I've ever dealt with.There's a thing called confirmation bias, where people have a tendency to only remember the things they want to be able to use as proof of something, so take this bit with a grain of salt, but I suspect the RNG is stacked in the AI's favour - I definately think I've missed more hits than I should have, and damage rolls have consistently been on the low end. That might just be me though, or it might be a hidden behind the scenes thing to give some much needed help to the AI. The enemy AI isn't amazing. It's functional, but it will never end up giving you one of those stories you can talk about where it did something totally unexpected and wrecked you with a flank attack or something. It's all 'hail diddle diddle, straight down the middle'.TL;DR: UI slightly fiddly, AI Functional, not amazing.Ultimately there's a fairly solid little middle of the road game here. It isn't incredible and it wont blow your mind, but what is here isn't bad - they could have scraped together some crappy mobile game and paid a Korean coding sweatshop to port it over later or hired some random developer to vomit up something for whatever number the xbox or playstation is up to this month, but they didn't, they got someone to put together a nice little PC game that is still being patched and worked on regularly, and that should count for something.All told I'm going to have to quietly change my recommendation to a yes.Oh, and Glory to Khador! Glory to the motherland!Ye Olde Reviewe:The game doesn't have a save function. It's 2016 and there's a game here without the ability to record your progress. I kinda feel like the explorers in those old 'Lost Valley of the Dinosaurs' type movies. I've found something that should have stopped existing long, long, long ago."
76561198006525779,Recommended,253510,20906503,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,cell5545,I really enjoy playing this game. it is a time killer and fun turn based game. look forward to getting the rest of the dlc. i play the tabletop and this is a fun version of it that helps when i want warmachine and no one is avaliable. im not to happy about the prices of the dlcs but im going to get them anyway because ive droped more on warhammer and warmahorde models. hope you atleast give it a chance and see for yourself.
76561197974991774,Recommended,253510,14535310,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Amathaon,Excellent game. I have had a lot of fun with it. I play the Iron Kingdoms RPG but have never played Warmachine itself. This makes me want to play Tabletop!
,Not Recommended,253510,14628476,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ChobitsCrazy,"I'm a large supporter of PP, and their tabletop game (which by the way blows out all other tabletop games I've played to date), but this just isn't working. They are so close to the actual game on the tabletop, but then they change things at seemingly random points.. Like instead of taking units with a set ammount of people to back the points they allow you to buy individual grunts.. weird. They also change the point costs for some of the stuff randomly. It's just so close to the table top they should have just stuck with it the whole way then we can just play WM/H on the computer without having to use VASSAL."
76561198060099056,Recommended,253510,14950152,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ixdeathomenxi,"Lots of people gave this game a bad review but i decided to get it anyway based on my love of the game and a large amount of faith and it paid off. what people fail to realize is this game is not yet complete, it is constantly being polished and fixed and if there is no support it will ultimately fail so if you are like me and want to see more such as colossals and please let it happen HORDES expansions then you have to bite the preverbial bullet and buy it knowing it will only get better with more feedback on issues and support, like any early release game ever made....."
76561197991773070,Recommended,253510,20761676,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hooded Justice,Me and my buddy just bought this game having heard of the tabletop but never played it and we are having an absolute ball just beating the hell out of each other whilst we discover synergies and strategies from first principals. Sure the front end and UI could be better but the core system is wonderful. Blood Bowl is the only thing I would consider similar and it has a ravenous hard-core fan based in spite of its godawful front-end and UI. If you are a fan of head-to-head turn-based squad-based skirmish games then this really is a must. My only warning is that the online community is a little problematic in that it's quite thin on the ground and most that do play know what they are doing.  So my advice is train up against your RL pals then get involved. Devs seem active and committed too.
76561197991282850,Recommended,253510,20768979,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Poopenshnapples,"If you enjoy Blood Bowl, then this game is quite a bit of fun.They are on the right track... this could be a great game.Need:- Frame rate issues need fixed- Forests/roads/diverse obstructions- MORE MAPS!!!!- More offline Game modes - capture & hold, assasination...etcHave:- A solid base game- Complicated units- Good graphics- Decent User Interface (U.I)- Fun gameplayWorth buying... but do not expect a perfect game... if used for fun.. you will get your money's worth!*Update:Since recent game updates this game is much smoother.A.I does not sacrifice warcasters anymore.User Interface has been greatly improved.Game still needs A.I difficulty settings!Offline Game Modes like capture and defend would make this game amazing.Great game, easily worth buying"
76561197998455554,Not Recommended,253510,15825536,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Oldmanfang,"I do like this game, but as a player from the table top its a poor comparison. I think its very hard to translate from table top on games but they did try. I rarely find multiplayer, the single player is boing and short. The DLC is ok cause that's the game type, you dont pay to win you get what you want in your faction. My main complaint id the AI is totally stupid. I mean it runs warcasters right at jacks with 2 focus and expect that they are 1 kill it  and 2 survive next round I have won more game sin turn 2 then I care to disclose. If you play the table top this game will make you shake your head, possible that non-warmachine/hordes players might like it more."
76561198085675458,Not Recommended,253510,29419838,Posted: 22 January,all,gamer,"a little  spoilerI played the demo and  found the story lacking in  tactical and strategic element.here  is an exampleIn the second  mission, allison and sturgis accompanied with only two warjacks were able to take over an enemy railroad station without  tactical planning at all.  There was no diversion attack.they just stormed the railroad station and defeated the enemies.I expected an SRPG  to have more tactical and strategic elements"
,Recommended,253510,13913384,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chaffney,"This is probably the most effectively done video game version of a miniature tabletop wargame I have ever seen.Miniature tabletop wargames have grown in popularity over the years.  Miniature tabletop wargames are games in which players can assemble and paint real life, scale miniature figures representing soldiers, creatures and vehicles of war and conduct army battles with them.  The best known example of this genre is probably Warhammer 40K.  Warmachine is a rising competitor to 40K, based upon warfare set in a steampunk fantasy world.For many people the time and cost involved provides a significant barrier to entry to the genre.  Warmachine: Tactics represents a well executed video game realization of the miniature tabletop wargame on your computer, bypassing many of these difficulties.It will be interesting to see how this game develops as additional factions and campaigns are added in the future.  Hopefully this will also act as an effective springboard for people who want to give the real life game a try!"
,Recommended,253510,13221771,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,bigkidsatplay,"Tabletop miniatures on your PC. No paint or modeling, but is that so bad? I am not an avid Warmachines player on the tabletop, but I might be after playing this game!ProsGreat models and textures that give the game a Warmachines feel.The campaign has difficulty. I am not just blowing through it.AI adjust well to your movments, Not always the same everytime.Massive potential for expansion more campaigns are allready in the works. All factions are supposed to have there own.A decent story in the first campaign.Missions vary from just kill everything.Multiplayer - Tabletop from home when you can't make it to your local shop.ConsCamera is unpredictable during opponents movements and requires quiete a bit of adjustment on your turn.Camera obscured many times by talll buildings and trees.FPS issues randomly during play. Not always, but definitely noticable.UI maybe a bit too simple. (It works)Can be a long wait for multiplayer gamesAt the time of this writing leaderboard is not working.Resource intensiveOverall this is a great game and I definitely recommend it. Just wanted people to know some issues they might run into. I am sure patches are incoming and that multiplayer will grow as more people buy the game. Have fun and enjoy!"
76561197982494482,Not Recommended,253510,13137330,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sir Prize,"I'm a fan of the world this game resides in.  I play Warmachine and Iron Kingdoms.  However, this game isn't ready for general release as of November 29th, 2014.  It's still too buggy and clunky to be considered a full game.  I see the potential that this game has, but potential is wasted energy unless built upon.  Maybe they will seize the potential this game has and turn it into something worthy.  I can only hope."
,Recommended,253510,13423316,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Spudgun,"When Early Access began for this game in July, I'd been waiting almost a year to play it. Its features were heavily limited, it was full of bugs, and it was poorly optimised- all things you'd expect from an Early Access game.In the following months, the developers have shown that they care about both the game and the community- almost everything has been fixed in weekly patches, features have been implemented at an impressive rate, and a huge amount of our suggestions have been taken on board. For a debut game from a new studio, I'm mightily impressed.Warmachine: Tactics, as with the tabletop Warmachine, is about clever army construction, positioning, patience, ruthlessness, brutality and keeping your cool. A warcaster defines how his army functions, so the same list can play very differently with the change of a single unit, and there are currently around a dozen units and four warcasters for each faction, so there's a huge amount of customisation possible.If you've ever lost an evening to a turn-based tactical game, then I can recommend this.As for downsides? The UI could use a little work and Mac performance is a little wonky, but there's nothing gamebreaking. The learning curve is steep if you've never played Warmachine, but you'll be rewarded if you persevere.TL; DR: Wizards with guns throw robots at each other. 9/10"
,Recommended,253510,13820373,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,smedrock,"I play the actual tabletop version of this game, and I can say that they have done a pretty good job recreating the experience. The voice acting is the ony thing that makes me crazy."
76561198025686238,Recommended,253510,14048449,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Katame-Jak,"I am really enjoying this game. I have just recently got into playing the table top game with a friend of mine and wanted to get this as a companion game to kind help learn some of the flow of the game.The games can have some frustrating camera issues sometimes. It is not fixed to 90 degree rotations like in X-Com you can move the camera freely in all directions. This is really cool as you get a look at the battlefield at any point of view and can help get some killer screen shots.Units really have some presence. When the jacks are walking about and attacking they really feel like they are giant metal constructs.Graphics are pretty good too, I run a GTX 770 4GB and I am pretty consistent in the 50-60 FPS on ultra settings (called awesome in the game)Also note the variety of faction units is pretty small at this stage of the game. Devs say they are trying to get all the units from the tabletop into the game when it's all said and done.Game still has some work to be done but the developers seem like they are pretty hard at work with frequent updates and interaction with the forums.Some of the work that needs to be done that really catches your attention is the cut scenes in between missions are not really animated at all. Characters don't move no facial expressions or anything, just still screen shots with voice overs. I found this strange because when you are in key battle scenes in game their faces are animated while these actions play out.The rest of the animations are well done.If you like turn based strategy games I would recommend this, even better if you are familiar with the game world.Already good game with lots of potential as the devs keep working on it."
76561198064860862,Recommended,253510,14292189,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,hellrunner13,needs work but its truely challenging and who ever thought up enemy forces dnt freaking stop is pure evil
,Recommended,253510,14290016,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Pandemon1c,"Really fun turn-based strategy game. Based on a popular tabletop miniatures war game, some alterations made to suit PC play. I have no experience with the tabletop version, so I can't compare how accurate it is, but I can say it's a lot of fun and the models look awesome."
,Recommended,253510,14106211,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Hmong_Pabej,"I thought I would give this game since it was on sale and I'm glad I waited to buy it (feels and plays like like a $19.99 game not $39.99). For the one hour that I played, I wasn't all that impressed as I thought I was going to be. I thought the graphics would be a little better (still pretty good though). The controls are simple and simlilar to a lot of RTS games I play. I will update this review as I continue to play the game when I get around to it (I wasn't really drawn into the story as it seems very similar to a lot of other war games). It might have been just me, but I noticed some minor grammer and misplaced (punctuation marks). I would still recommend this game, but not at full price.UPDATE:After 5 hours of gameplay in campaign in multiplayer, the game is quite enjoyable. I'm still sticking with my statement that this game is not worth $39.99 (maybe $25). I know they are improving this game with each patch, but the game is still buggy (stage 5 and 6). I also noticed that some of the characters run ackwardly (moving sideways and such when walking forward).Keep in mind that $1.5 million was invested into this game via kickstarter (you would think that for $1.5 mil this game would be super badass, but it's mediocre). I don't know maybe I was just expecting better cutscenes and a not glitched filled game. My opinions all sound negative, but I still enjoyed the few hours I put into this game. If you want to try this game, wait until it goes on sale again."
76561198000079180,Recommended,253510,14106827,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Otown,"This game is god damn neato bonito!Bored as batshit today looking round for something new even redownloaded a few old time gems but took a plunge on this.  First review I have  written only doing it because i think it is a far more accomplished game than alot of others in its genre. Its been along time (prob weeks but exagerration is the epitomy of experience...i think dunno).\disregared all negative reviews and spelling mistakes(I cut my thumb off with a drop saw and broke the other one playing rugby last week and cant be ♥♥♥♥ed correcting them).Due to my self inflicted disabilities i only play old people games and have lost hours of my life with xcom etc, I understand that the purchase pricew for this could make you remortgage in todays economy (especially in the US they are particullarly poor) but it is definatly worth it.Its just cool the turns map out well and things make sense. Someone mentioned the voice acting as a negative...really...the girl sounds like the girl selling ice creams when i was 15 and well yea...i think this and mordheim are lightyears ahead in this genre and dirt cheap for what you get have a go.."
76561197993362089,Recommended,253510,13624572,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Juunro,"It is a great proof of concept game right now, it just needs polish, a map editor, and a giant pile of more units (Also the option to have games with bigger amounts of units and so on). Controls could use to be a little tighter and its a bit buggy.As someone who played the tabletop alot and pretty successfully (Woo, 2 Menoth coins, 2 champion coins, 1 champion league badge), it captures alot of the gameplay from the tabletop as closely as is possible with a grid system, which is nice. I couldn't rebuild my favorite army lists because pretty much only one or two units from the tabletop are available from them, but it seems like it would be easy to put in more. I just hope they don't go the route of 'every single unit is DLC'. That would make me sad, since I friggan already bought all the metal real life versions.I dunno, maybe include a DLC code for each unit in this game when buying one of the actual table top units? That'd be pretty rad."
76561198031708747,Not Recommended,253510,15213390,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Spork of Ages,Crashes almost every game.
76561198008064481,Recommended,253510,15768933,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Combustable,"Good adaptation, few camera bugs but nothing that aggrivated me. Fun, decent dip back into the Warmachine world."
76561198005807539,Recommended,253510,13587774,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dark Pretender,"This is my first review ever so please bare with me, I just felt like making a review because this game in early access started out as mediocre at best, but I kept my eyes on it, and now the game is a game I recommend to everyone I know, because I completed the No Man's land campaign, and played only a couple of Multiplayer matches, but even multiplayer looks extremely interesting, as this game is getting more and more stuff released from their kickstarter site, this game will only get very much so more interesting, even the skins and special rewards in this game looks both fun and well done, this game I recommend to anyone that get any enjoyment out of turnbased strategy games, or any players that likes Xcom for that matter, this game shares a few similarities with these games, but they are very much so a positive turnout, the game is extremely interesting, and I am looking forward to more content getting released, especially coop missions thats already been  announced to be released.  Now the game does have glitches but most of them are fixed by now, or getting fixed, this game is still in its fetus state, so let it grow and you wont regret it. ;)"
,Recommended,253510,24268216,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Noctis82,"Great game love it very much. Story is ok and the gameplay is good, just wish you could also use a controller for some parts. Love the factions and the characters. Needs work on the camera and mouse controls but overall a great game."
76561197990638447,Recommended,253510,14212594,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ellminstere,I play the table top and I like this game a lot. I am a little put off by the DLC for mercs being the way it is. I feel if you buy Boomhowler you should get his grunts for free same with Croe. I would admit this game still has bugs but as long as they keep improving it they have me.
76561198052283160,Not Recommended,253510,14120904,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,withateeth,"i play actual warmachine irl. this is nothing like it. i payed the extremely exorbitant price during alpha/beta/whatever for this garbage.  i cannot say more, ""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.""  the mechanics are NOTHING like table top. the cenimantics are crap and the dialogue is worse. no direction in game and vague instructions at best.  EXTREMLY disappointing!"
76561198051783715,Recommended,253510,14086368,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Reckless Redcoat,"People have mixed feelings about this game, understandable. It is buggy, glitchy and some of the systems are downright broken, but does that mean a game as fresh as this should be hated so badly? I sure as hell shouldn't think so. Brand new and green as grass, Warmachine: Tactics is a great RTS game, a turn based strategy set in the wonderful steampunk universe of the Iron Kingdoms, in particular detail, the amazing boardgame WARMACHINE. Whitemoon Dreams have evidently researched their stuff, or they've got a couple of players in their dev team; cos the attention to detail in the characters, scenery and system is fantastic.Warmachine: Tactics has you play as one of the 4 main factions- The imperial Khador- The nation of Cygnar- The divine Protectorate of Menoth- And the nightmare empire of CryxEach with their own skills, attributes and tactics. WT has you re-live the game in digital form unlike any FPS could ever do. Gameplay-wise, it is fun, being turn based, you really need to think about placement and formation. No take-backs and you can easily be steamrolled by simply facing the wrong direction. This promoted challenge makes every game fun, and makes you feel like a boss once you've rick-rolled your opponent. The game brings to life all the aspects of the boardgame; hardass infantry, magically skilled warcaster and most importantly, the 12ft tall, steam-driven (soul-driven if its Cryx) and EXTREMELY p*ssed off mechs we lovingly call warjacks.You create your own loadouts, out of any of the factions, assign it a controlling warcaster, then load it with whatever you want. Want loads of fast infantry? Go speedy! Want slow, but heavy dudes? It'll take weeks to advacne, but the effects will be so worth it. And if you want a list featuring only warjacks? That's the way to go; paint the map with scrap. The game has a great and simple interface system, allowing you to choose movement and combat actions and special abilities (if they have any). Warjacks even have power attacks from the board game too! That means you can push, slam, headbutt and even throw whichever target your warjack is in combat with and doesn't particularly like (which should be every one of the sorry b*stards). Graphics are unreal, I mayself play them on a lower setting so my PC can cope, but it can still run at 25-30fps. being a TB RTS, its kinds your saving grace, if it was like DoWII, you should have bought a new PC before getting this, but wither way, WT uses the Unreal 4 engine, making the game beautiful on my brother's PC.The campaign is...meh. But then again, I haven't seen much of it, so I'll correct myself, its started off meh. Multiplayer is great and fun, and every player is known to be extremely friendly. Speaking of ciommunity, Whitemoon is literally commiting EVERYTHING to this game, meaning weekly patches, confirmed DLC units and armies even months before their release, and hundreds of FAQs answered and bugs treated per day. This game has been slandered as broken, unfinished and a misfire, I consider it more of a developing project, that will in time be absolutely outstanding. I myself have had no problems, so I can count myself lucky, but to all those Tacticians out there, just hold on, the game you deserve will be done soon.Being a Warmachine player on the tabletop, along with my brothers, this game was an absolute steal. Even if you aren't a fan of Warmachine,. but have a love for tough, satisfying turn-based action, then this is for you, this is no-holds barred brutality! This is adrenaline injected metal-on-metal grinding hopped on steroids!This is WARMACHINE: Tactics, the game that kicks so much a*s they had to name it in capitals!(so far) 7/10"
,Recommended,253510,14368478,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,"Do you like games that require tactical planning and sound strategy?Do you like turn based strategy games?Do you like giant♥♥♥♥♥robots of death with huge ♥♥♥♥ing axes?DO YOU LIKE BURNING PEOPLE IN THE NAME OF THE HATEFUL GOD MENOTH?Do you prefer to find glory in the Motherland?Or are you a filthy swan?If you answered Yes OR No to any of these...buy this game.  It doesn't matter.  The Dragonfather will force you to.  Don't resist.  Like as an undead is perfectly safe.Unless you are a bile thrall.  Then...nice knowing ya.Seriously though.  This game is amazing, and the community is amazing, and the devs are also amazing."
76561197992464139,Not Recommended,253510,15754503,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ThatBadGuy,"I've played this game a few times, and I have a few problems with this game that I think need to be addressed before I'll think about playing it any further.1: Infantry. Those of us who play the actual game know that infantry come in the Unit variety and Solo variety, and that warcasters have spells that are designed for units of infantry such as Arcane Shield or Iron Flesh. In this game though, each infantry model is treated as a solo, which is a huge problem for casters like Stryker1 who depends on Arcane Shield to gain advantage.2: Clumsy UI. This is an issue that I suppose will be fixed over the course of development because it's a vital and integral part of the game, but it has definitely screwed with me doing exactly what I want to do with my 'jacks and infantry. It hasn't even really been improved over the course of the beta, so I'm not sure what to expect from the final version.3: Shrouded game mechanics. WM is an easy to understand game on the tabletop with concrete stats and open game mechanics. This game for some reason decides to change the core concepts of the tabletop game into some hazy system of unexplained stats and not quite clear method of RNG. This combined with the change to Infantry (5 damage boxes instead of 1 damage box) brings on a noticable balance change that I'm not on board with because the spells remain largely unchanged from the tabletop version (arguably balanced for that format and not this one). I have no idea why it was decided that the game would change the core mechanics of the game so drastically when they were entirely functional and successful in the tabletop version.Unless the game is changed back to a totally faithful reproduction of the TT version, I'm not coming back to this game because that's what I wanted out of this game. For those of you who aren't TT players, the game might be better for you, but I as a TT player am definitely not on board."
76561198042784353,Not Recommended,253510,15818885,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Deckard,"I usually keep to the rule ""If you can't say anything nice..."". I'm going to break it this time.In theory this should have been a game I would have enjoyed but it's not. The makers may have had a great vision but were clearly way over their heads when it came to execution. Abysmal performance, The only game I have found with worse performance is ""Legends Of Dawn"" and that is saying something. Abysmal presentation. What passes for cut scenes is a joke. Holy cow even 'comic sans' would have been a better font choice. Abysmal UI and camera. If one or the other had been even acceptable it may have made the game somewhat playable. Patch after patch has come and gone and I've waited to see if the game would get sorted. It's mind blowing they would add DLC to game that's practically unplayable. Advice to devs; If you're going to persist with this game. Fix the performance by about 300%. I'm sure you crippled the camera to hide the fact the game frame rate will slide into single digits. If you actually have a graphic artist (which I doubt), fire them using kind words and hire a real one. Have a look a few tactical combat games and find a UI that works and copy that.Alternatively; Apologize to your buyers and shut the game down. I am not a bitter person, I am not going suffer after  losing my money on this game but an apology would be nice.Update: I've been rethinking this review as being overly hash. I get what the dev was trying to do and if it actually worked it would be pretty awesome. I like the idea of it being more a tabletop conversion than remixing the license into a game with it's own mechanics. I sincerely hope the dev can get the UI under control, improve the performance and AI because I would reverse my negative review in a heartbeat."
76561198039542610,Not Recommended,253510,14554179,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sisyphus,"To preface this review, I was a part of the Early Access and have been periodically checking in on this game since then. I also play the tabletop.Warmachine Tactics is yet another multiplayer-centric game that wants to charge you a box price and then additional expensive DLC bundles just for new multiplayer units. The problem with this is that their multiplayer mode isn't robust at all. It's like having a dedicated online FPS with only one match size (6v6, for example), one game mode (deathmatch), and a few maps.An expensive box price or expensive multiplayer DLC bundles. Pick one. $15-20 for faction bundles is is silly on top of a $40 box price. I might as well purchase models for my actual Warmachine army instead.It's important to note that if you have no previous experience with Warmachine, this game is not a very helpful place to start, as almost nothing is explained and what tooltips there are, are not useful. This is doubly true in multiplayer, where only previous Warmachine experience will make sense of the squad building menus.I really want to like this game, but they translated a lot of tabletop mechanics poorly, the controls are finnicky and punish people who don't play the tabletop, and the campaign is painful. Very little documentation in-game about what stats mean and what the various units are does not help this situation. It tries to be an 'almost Warmachine but not quite', and succeeds at being different. Different, however, is not better.The graphics are really nice, the game just suffers from being very time-consuming in unnecessary ways. The primary draw of Warmahordes is objective-based gameplay, territory control, and good scaling of game mechanics from small skirmishes to large battles. There's only one mode (kill the enemy warcaster) in Tactics, one battle size (50 points), and only a few maps. Because all matches are 50 points, there's no such thing as a 'quick game'. All matches will typically take an hour or more to conclude, and that's a large problem for casual play.I wanted this game to be a gateway drug to Warmachine's tabletop, but only people who already enjoy the tabletop will be very interested in playing this, or paying for DLC expansions for their favorite factions. It lacks the strategic depth and breadth that makes the wargame so interesting, and that's a shame, because with more game modes, variable match sizes, and maps balanced for objective-based play, this game could be something great.Instead, they're developing expensive DLC faction add-ons for an anemic multiplayer experience that desperately needs more features, such as hotseat play. The ability to speed up or disable animations would also be nice, when you consider overall game length and how much of that is spent watching units take actions."
,Not Recommended,253510,33961825,Posted: 1 August,all,Arcaneshield,"This developer is beyond incompetent. This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥ it looks like♥♥♥♥♥ it's UI is barely functional and hard to see, the engine chugs like a fratboy with a beer keg, the DLC spam is downright criminal and the game is pretty much abandoned at this point."
76561197991596170,Recommended,253510,13492001,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kalashnikov,"Really great turn based strat, true to the tabletop and definitely worth buying. Really has the competitive feel of the tabletop and the warjack power attacks are brutal as ♥♥♥♥. Juggernaught headbutt OP"
76561197968674601,Not Recommended,253510,14331246,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,human_target,"As a player of the tabletop game, I really wanted to like this game.I just tried playing through the 3rd (I think) single player mission and the controls were so frustrating, that I just gave up.  Once I got into the city a little bit, almost every time I clicked on a model to activate, the camera would jump back to another location where I couldn't see anything except the inside of a building.  Then I had to rotate the camera to look for outlines before I could move it to find my guys.  Or I would manually rotate the camera to select a model only to have it jump back somewhere else again.On the enemies turn the camera would jump inside a building, so that I can't see what is happening to my guys either.I think I'll go back to playing XCom.  Their interface is easily head and shoulders above this.Maybe I'm spoiled by the other games that I play, but I'm also surprised by the poor cut scenes with models that don't even have mouths that move.At this point, I'm sorry I spent my money on this."
,Not Recommended,253510,14401311,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,robmweb,"This does not feel like a 1.0 release. Its buggy, slow and unrefined. I can tell a lot of love and passion has gone into the game, but when its so easy to mess up on something as simple as movement, you aren't ready for release. Its as if they paid no attention to the many excellent turn based strategy games and they way they handle ending turn and alerting players to things they need to know (like why you cannot select someone when someone else is activated). There is potential, but I wont be playing until quie a few patches come along."
76561198007624583,Not Recommended,253510,16560033,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,PNeithan,"Overpowered enemies in Single Player Campaign, amongst a host of other graphics issues, I just can't recommend this to anybody."
76561198074338050,Recommended,253510,13569669,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Raexau,"from what i have played its really good, but the graphics need to be fixed  the online multiplayer is deadand i wanna paint my damn army >.>other than that the controls are nice and simply and it worksi will be giving this a thumbs up  but just barelyplease fix some very needed stuff and ill stick to itif not  ill just have to stick to my  mini'sFOR KHADOR!!"
76561198007115147,Recommended,253510,13593410,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,raasilver,"A great way to introduce you to the world and see how a Jouryman comes a warcaster, Love the campagne and cant wait to see the other factions"
76561198022265133,Recommended,253510,11211555,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Outlawsyn666,Very fun table top game alot of the stuff as made it way into the game so far even for beta not to bad hope they add alot of the story behind it all to the game cant wait to see what they do next
76561198013198023,Recommended,253510,13049614,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Garm,"Decent game.Doesn't work exactly like the table top, but if you like warmahordes you should buy this one.Currently the only downsides I can name are:— UI is a bit clunky;— Optimization;— Voice acting in the campaing;"
,Recommended,253510,13625425,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,wozron,"First stage review, 27.dec.14.I've had a basic familiarisation with WM:T now. Eight hours is enough to do the tutorial, a couple of missions, and a couple of skirmishes. Initial impressions:Pluses:-Great IP, faithfully rendered.-Simple, but deep-Excellent range of units already in-game-Graphics generally pretty good-Game never feels like it's 'cheating' as it does in games such as XCOM: Enemy Unknown, where you can miss a 100% shotMinuses:-Blurry graphics-Awful dialogue-Hard on GPU's-Terrible dialogue and voice acting-Camera panning is clunky-Dialogue and voice acting in single player campaign is utterly horrible and can't be skipped-No in-combat save system-Dialogue and voice acting are criminally bad, can't be skipped, and will make you want to kill yourself-Additional units as paid-for DLC (although I'd let that slide if they'd fix the voice acting and dialogue)-Doesn't look like you can cripple jacks by damaging components (ie a lucky shot blowing out a Jack cortex)-Lt. Allison Jakes is possible the most annoying character ever... and I've been annoyed by the annoying orange-Multiplayer/skirmish should have a range of points values, not everyone is looking for a 'big' gameNeeds:-Map/module/scenario/campaign editor-Better scripting and voice acting-Camera movement refinement-Serious optimisation of graphics-Better tutorial, covering things like combined ranged attacks and unit facings-Better AI as opposed to simply 'more enemies'-Custom warcasters who gain skills as they level up would be a work of genius-Unit customisation/cosmetics (paint schemes, weapon shapes/sizes, slogans etc) even if pay2paint-Multi-multiplayer (3, 4, 5+ players at a time with a turn time limit)Overall, as a turn-based tactical (TBT) gamer, I'll give this game a 7/10, 8/10 if you're familiar with the IP and the tabletop version. It's a good game, it's just a little clunky. I have every confidence it'll get better.I'm looking forward to the next patch."
,Recommended,253510,14108604,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ironic Jest,If you played the Table top this is a great conversion!
76561197993670522,Not Recommended,253510,14737751,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Jormungaund,"Poorly constructed interface with a lot of bugs.  Unfun single player campaign that makes up for horrible AI by just dumping overwhelming numbers of overpowered enemies on you. Multiplayer is slow, and fun for maybe one or two games before it gets boring and repetitive."
76561197964538085,Recommended,253510,14120688,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Paladin,"I watched the steady stream of negativity that seems to follow this game. I've been an intermediate players of warmachine, and really love the world/theme that the Iron Kingdoms titles have to offer. When the game came on sale, I decided to give it a try (despite the enless pages of negative reviews). I gave myself two days to try the game before writing the review. I really wanted to see how the game took me, and not just offer my initial feelings. So... the pros.Pro's:-(Gameplay) The game is a great computer adaptation to the warmachine franchise. It gives you a real sense of strategy and tactical requirement to play.-(Gameplay) The units are very well modeled and armed after the tabletop. This allows a player who is familiar with the game world to get an immediate feel for how the units are supposed to play.-(Gameplay) Above all else, once you learn the UI, this game is FUN. That's right, FUN to play. This isn't a CoD style action game, but more a kin to UFO style combat. Your decisions and dice rolls will have immediate consequences in your battles.-(Campaign) The landscapes of the game are fantastic. It's crowded and but believably built.-(Campaign) The characters of the campaign are diverse, offering a variety of witty, funny, and serious moments to the game.-(Multiplayer) I really wish the game had co-op featuers. If not for the campaign, perhaps for larger multiplayer matches.-(Multiplayer) I played a single match between kador and cignar. The match was very pitched and until the end, we weren't sure who was going to win.  Ultimately, an assassination run by my charger clinched the victory (combined with a disruption pistol on my opponents dreadnaught).-(Multiplayer) The range of units and unit synergy are fantastic. And they keep releasing new units, which will further change the dynamics of the matches. From disruption bolts, head-butts, and stunning lightning bolts, there's seemingly dozens of combinations to change a dire situation into a chance!Cons-O.K... There are a lot of cons. As I'm sure you've all read. But the one things that I'd like to point out. These Cons can be FIXED. This game feels EARLY, like a beta. Hopefully, the developers will continue to smooth out the engine.-(Gameplay) I really wish that you could CHOOSE the upgrades your units/warcasters get at the end of the mission. It would be a nice way of customizing the hero to your own preferences.-(Camera) The camera is terrible. You frequently find yourself needing to change your angle and rotation to get a good view of whats going on. Sometimes, things are going on that are obscured by terrain when your opponent is moving. I found the arrow keys better for moving around the battlefield than the mouse commands--Objects(Like buildings) can get in the way of your issueing move orders, even if you do not SEE a structure in your way. It's due to poor clipping during object creation. Measure twice, move once. You may need to change your angle before continueing your move.--WHY does the camera rotate around beneath your god-view feet, and not rotate around where your focused? Developers, please fix this...-(UI) The UI is also... horrible. It's takes a while to get used to, and offers little to no explaination as to why things can't happen.--There is no seamless change from your turns movement to out of turn movement (energize or quick work).--There is no explaination to which unit you are currently ""stuck"" on (untill you've ended ALL it's phases/turns). There may be a slight hue to the circle below it, but that's not much to go on.--The UI takes up too much of the game screen. It may have pertinent information (it usually does), but it also impedes the atmosphere of the game.-(Grapics) I realize you saved a ton of money by using still art for the cut-scenes... but really... you think it would kill you to have moving mouths and a believable conversation going on?-(BUGS) The game is very buggy...--Units sometimes graphically face the wrong way.--The game will crash if you complete conversations or objectives in the wrong order (In your very first mission, I crashed my game when I ran to activate Bandit with my warcaster earlier than the game wanted me to (Since I know in game that warcasters can activate jacks). I bypassed the first conversation (about being attacked) by fleeing straight to bandit (where is bandit conversation) and when the first conversation finally happenned, it crashed the game. So please, treat this game like a story, and follow the flow of the game.Conclusion: I'm recommending this game. It's a diamond in the rough. Some very... rough... rough. The problems that exist in the game are superficial and can easily be learned and avoided. The core mechanics of the game are still very fun, and if you're into this style of tabletop emulation, I highly suggest trying it. It's all the better with friends. And please, wait a day or two before writing a review out of anxiety. The UI isn't impossible, it's just not intuitive."
,Not Recommended,253510,14882631,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mr Fuggles,"Play the tabletop game, you won't have to deal with accidently sending the warcaster into a mob of enemies because of clunky controls."
76561198049326146,Not Recommended,253510,21032109,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,BlackOpsBob,Spent $60 bucks before game was released.  Was hoping to do miniature battles online vs going to cons etc.  Game barely ever loaded.  (Yeah my Mac is a little old but not that old).  Downloads took FOREVER.  Hogged a lot of computer space but the worst part was.Function.  UI hated the over head cam display than trying to change the view down to the ground (had to scroll).  Grpahics were all bogged down.  And then I got really bored really fast trying to do the first match or just frustrated with the lag from trying to play.Gave up on it fast.  Last I knew Steam constantly wanted to update this game  I tried for a little bit but than cancelled the DLS.  TOO LONG!  I just wrote off the $60.  Basically a total waste.
76561197965027815,Not Recommended,253510,15744997,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Varou,"You've paid the game or participated the kickstarter ?Good, now you have to pay the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of mini dlc, 'cause you know, there is so much more money in players purse that must be drained...more content in dlc than actuel game invented a new game type :the pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-pay-to-PLAY"
76561198008109424,Recommended,253510,17395142,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,PaladinHulk,"Though there are bugs, the main storyline was a fun playthrough. Once you get to the point where you can customise your army it gets really fun, but I would have liked more options."
76561198012645958,Not Recommended,253510,16062857,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Jharlax,"I rly want to like this game, but at this state of the game i would not even play it if it would be for free."
76561198005353958,Not Recommended,253510,21056187,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ronincs,As people said. the game was already laid out for them but couldnt make he translation. the game is extreamly crashtastic and the camera so clunky and camera cant zoom out far enough to be effective.
76561198046036230,Not Recommended,253510,15397221,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mizu Zoo zU,"I am a Cygnaran. I play Warmachine table top and I love me some swan lightning. This game however, even having the story mode based around my faction is complete garbage. It pretends to play like the table top game. trying so hard to keep the inches feel with a grid layout. But you know what this game really is? ITS ♥♥♥♥ING XCOM WEARING MY BELOVED WARMACHINES SKIN! The RNG system is so broken it makes a joke of the real game's balanced system. Things that shouldn't miss miss turn after turn and people that should not be able to kill warjacks can crit them into the ground. This game just leaves me with a very bitter taste in my mouth after it lured me in with hopes of being able to play warmachine. Now im waking up on the street in my underpants with a sore bum wonder why? Why did you do this?! You were supposed to be the chosen one! Bring new people in not destroy them!"
76561198113419097,Recommended,253510,16195623,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,pyrolord314,"The game is definitely still a work in progress, but it's getting better when you compare it to when they brought it out. I haven't played much online, but I have had few problems with it. I like the campaign mode, and I'm eagerly waiting for them to bring out more models for all of the factions. It has its glitchy moments, and it does weird things with facing sometimes, but I'm impressed with the body of work they've put in so far, and the developers seem to be open to feedback from the public. It's not a polished work yet, but give it time, I think it will."
,Not Recommended,253510,14482387,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,rcmportella,"The concept was good. Mission by mission turned based battles with many upgrades for you units. But the final results was a disaster. The controls and camera views are a complete disaster. I could not pass of the third mission, you have to keep rotating the camera to see your units, and change the facing of you unit and bang it consumes your last movements and you do nothing more.I recomend the programmers of this game to take a look at the game mechanics of XCOM and other good turn-based games like Wasteland2. A pity because the graphics were good."
,Not Recommended,253510,14205453,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Thanks For the Memeries,"This game is a buggy pile of crap. Nothing feels intuitive and it's home of one of the most clunky and awful cameras I've ever had the privilege to play with. It holds a tiny amount of charm from being set in the Iron Kingdoms but outside of that, there is nothing going for it. Building army lists with display no unit information until about 15-30 seconds after selecting the unit if you're lucky. CTDs are common, and the AI is not even worth mentioning."
76561198141660191,Not Recommended,253510,14286794,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ChaseThisLight,"The game is fun, and the storyline good, but the gameplay just isn't finished. The interface is clunky, the physics engine bizzare and terrain oftain blocks options off from you."
76561197993518380,Not Recommended,253510,14186071,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,tarragon,"All kinds of klunky UI problems.* Range circles are often not visible on terrain, especially snowy terrain.* It's possible to get stuck in the UI with no indication of what's wrong unitl you figure out which unit is waiting for it's out of turn activation.* I had a situtaion where tabbing though units skipped one that I could select with the mouse.It's just annoying to try and control."
76561198037294202,Recommended,253510,24264812,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,madderkayne,I would love this game if my computer would run it effectively. I also play Star Trek online and it's a beautiful game that my computer has zero problems running smoothly without freezes and crashes and without the graphics looking like a PS1 game. There has to be another way to run this game without the need to buy a monster of a computer.
76561198004887125,Not Recommended,253510,15214451,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,LordKhabal,"As strategy games go, this game still needs a lot of work, in my opinion.  The control interface is clunky and unresponsive, it's too easy to give the wrong command to your units without any way to undo them, actually activating your units gets exponentially more tedious the more units you have under your control, the maps are difficult to read in terms of where you can and can't go, even the distances your units can move becomes impossible to determine on certain maps because of the color schemes, the minimap is almost unusable because of how little information it gives you and how difficult it is to navigate around, mission objectives are revealed to you either very obviously or way too obscurely (there is no middle ground), and for some reason shields seem to be more effective weapons than spears, swords, and guns.All that said, it's a decent adaptation of the miniatures game, but unfortunately the mechanics slow the game down, rather than enhance it.  Smaller games are the most fun, which is really unfortunate given that they keep adding more and more options for you to use, with the end result I imagine being that one would be able to pit sizeable armies against one another.  In my experience, though, I can't even imagihe how slow and tedious activating a large-scale army would be, whether against the PC or, I shudder to imagine, against another opponent.The game has potential, it's just not there yet... and it's already been in development for a long time now... I don't think it's worth the money in its current incarnation.  Maybe... hopefully... they can fix it and soon."
76561197999484371,Not Recommended,253510,12135674,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,StimJunky,"Currently(as of Sept 18, 2014) the game is very sparse in terms of general features and gameplay.  Having said that, what little they have in the game is a lot of fun.  This is very much an alpha at this stage, but you can see the potential this game has.  It needs a lot of work, don't get me wrong, but this could very well shape up to be an amazing game."
,Recommended,253510,20414351,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sp00kyI3,"The only issue i have with the game is the UI is kinda bad. BUT....for being a kickstarter and what this game was trying to accomplish, incorporate a favorite 30mm game to pc  and not lose the character of the genre. I LOVE IT. AS a tabletop gamer i dont like the fact that all of the 40k games are turning to rpg's. I can only imagine what these guys could accomplish with the backing of a big time company with better resources.  If you love tapletop games i recommend this."
76561198064373133,Recommended,253510,13458981,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ysthrall,"Overall impression: released a little early, worked on and improved, currently good.When I found the first trailers and teasers for this game, I was very eager to play it. Having been playing Warmachine for years, it looked like a good adapatation using the rich and detailed setting. As an advance graphically on previous games I've played, I did purchase some hardware upgrades, which had been overdue anyway.I'm afraid I did not back the kickstarter, as it really didn't look like I was needed. Nonetheless, I kept an eye on the development logs and awaited it coming into open beta. I purchased it when the price dropped from the deluxe £60 to the standard £20, as I really didn't need or want the extra shinies offered.What I got in beta was a game that was very much in beta. The multi-player game worked with a few bugs, but it did seem to roll along.  There was a certain scarcity of players, as several backers I'd talked to offline said they'd be waiting for it to be finished, while others were scared off by reviewers with higher standards than myself.I played the multiplayer games on and off for months, reporting the occasional bugs and making new friends. When the first (of four?) single-player campaigns came out I was pleased, although the decision to then declare the game released was a little surprising. There were still a few bugs, which cropped up as I played through the campaign. Given the lack of an in-level save function (and a new baby at home) my progress was slow, but I encountered 3 crash-causing bugs in 20 missions, the first two of which were down to performance issues on my PC, and the last was swiftly fixed by a patch. For a game still in development, I am happy with this ratio.After many hours of play, and reading the forums for this game, I think that White Moon Dreams has built this as a labour of love. It was a little premature onto beta, and again onto release, but it's now running smoothly, and WMD continue to work on it, add features, and interact with their players.If you'd asked me when I puchased this game, I'd have said ""wait a few months"". A few months later, and I would reccomend this as an interesting and characterful game, with a lot of playability. For the standard price, I have already got my money's worth (in hours of entertainment) from this game and look forwards to the extra (and free) campaigns to come. The multiplayer side of things is also getting new content, bigger maps, etc, for those who focus on that.I look forwards to seeing where this game goes next!"
76561198059465417,Recommended,253510,13944900,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Evil Archie,"Ok. So lets be honest.There's a big ol tide of people that say 'DON'T GET THIS GAME!! RAAAAARGH' and I can understand why, they got it on early access and forgot the fact that its not finished and its a work in progress..There's also a number of people out there that, like me, play the miniatures game.. and they don't like it because its not the computer form of the miniature game.And there are probably the small minority of people that got it later, dont play the miniature game, but dont like something about the way it works or something..Now while all these points are totally understandable, and in some cases, correct..I like it.I kept in mind its not the finished, polished end product.. that its not a direct pc copy of the miniature game and that there had to be limits to what it could do. because well.. lets face it the miniature game has an infinite number of possibilities in how its played..The campaign is pretty cool.. I'm not a Cygnar player, I dont know loads about them.. but I'm enjoying it. It's a little clunky at times.. there are levels in white snow where your direction and movement markers are in white.. so its kinda guess the movement.. but largely the game is fun and its well thought out.. I had a go with Cryx on skirmish mode the other day and that was pretty cool too.. I'm looking forward to my first multiplayer game soon.I would recommend this game to any one that wants a turn based steam punk ish strategy game and is happy to know that its not 100% perfect, but its close enough that it'll keep you entertained for some time.. Don't buy this if you want an exact copy of the tabletop experience, you'll never get the same from a pc game as you would looking across the table at a friend/nemesis. :)"
,Not Recommended,253510,13110100,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jotne,"This is one of those games that are obviously indie in all the wrong ways - the lack of experience, budget and skill is clear in everything from the numerous bugs to the non-sensical design decisions (why make three versions of the same spell, with different cost, instead of allowing players to set it manually?) to the parts that just feel shoddy and unfinished, like the infamous camera.I love the tabletop game and I was very excited about a computer version. Sadly, the only thing that really makes it worth playing is the single player storyline, which is decent, and the atmosphere. The game mechanics have been redone to the point where it's a completely different game system - so different that my interest in the multiplayer is quickly dying. It's not a game for WM/H gamers, it's a generic computer game based on Privateer Press IP, and it's not a very good one.For people who aren't into the tabletop game, there is little point in buying this. I enjoy it mostly because of my love for the setting, I doubt I'd have played more than a few missions otherwise. The camera is annoying and takes a lot of work, the interface is clunky and inelegant, the game is riddled with bugs (including crash-bugs and bugs that allow both the player and the computer to do things like walking through walls), there are still minor problems that should have been gone long before launch (like the colour of various important lines and markers being too light to see on snow, or disappearing under landscape features), the default settings for sound and graphics are way off (I had to reduce the music volume to 2/10 to hear voices), you can't skip cut-scenes (adding to the irritation when you have to restart a mission - there is no option for saving during missions)... the list goes on forever.In short, this game had a lot of potential, but it is so far away from being what it could that no amount of patching can fix it. I regret buying it at full price, and would caution others against doing the same."
76561198036388412,Not Recommended,253510,13731234,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mattjourdan,"As it sits right now, I feel like I have wasted money on a game that more or less is unplayable.  It bogs down so much that it's a chore to even try to play.  I have a very nice computer that runs many games completely fine.  I have hope that this will someday be a good game, but as of right now I regret having bought it."
76561198014774622,Not Recommended,253510,14715713,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tonberry,"While the game has good graphics and game machanics; for some reason unknown to me, no save functions are included.You either finish the scenario or you restart it. This would have been fine if the game is free of bugs, except it isn't.Everytime you encounter a show stopper bug, be prepared to replay the scenario."
76561198114933674,Not Recommended,253510,14687015,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,mike.dreyer,"Had to turn down graphic settings all the way to get above 4fps, even then buggy... Don't use Auto Detect graphics function.  I've a pretty good mac, 12gb memory too, but not a good enough graphic card.Pity this is definitely my kind of game."
76561198052374983,Not Recommended,253510,26173417,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,wcastello,"This would have been a great game... in 1988.  The absolutely clunky interface is something out of 90s and is reasonably unforgivable.  The gameplay itself is subpar on so many levels.  Characters do not talk in cut scenes, they just stand mute while their voices come from the speakers.  Actual tactics in gameplay rely more on the poor interface design, and you find yourself fighting the game more than AI/opponent.  It is a laughable failure."
,Recommended,253510,15791660,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Kharn,"Games really fun so far, they've come a long way since the kickstarter. Hope to see more! Eat your heart ouf Warhammer 40k :)"
76561198006480805,Recommended,253510,15486896,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Alex,"i really wanted to like this game...but, its has a few major flaws to it.1) The UI is bad, like really bad.2) The combat mechanics are displayed in the top right hand corner of the screen for no reason, never properly explained, and are as eldrich and bewildering as Egyptian hieroglyphics to a layman player.3) the cut scenes are static with a rather bland voice overs going over them, and whilst this has no major impact on the game play, it really just hammers home that the game feels cheap and poorly tested; and having spent as long as it did in Early Access, it should be anything but.4) Single faction campaign, and despite the plethora of DLC units, they can only be used in skirmishes or MP matches....of which there are slim to f**k all being played.5) the camera and its movement is badly implemented6) it is incredibly difficult to track your units movement allocations on some of the mapsThe Tactical feel of the game works very well & is enjoyable.New units are added at a good pace, but ultimately, you cannot wonder what the game would have been like if it had been finished properly.who knows, maybe the developer will."
76561197981796543,Recommended,253510,16632467,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Trojan Bull,"6.5/10More good than bad, but not amazing.  I'd never endorse paying full price for this game, but if you can get deep discounts (50% or higher) then it meets its value.Its a fun game now.  The bugs arent as bad as they once were.  Single player is pretty fun if you are a fan of tactical gameplay.  The campaign is interesting and gives you a variety of playstyle objectives.There are still some minor bugs.  The camera is awful and completely inappropriate for this type of game, as well as being quite buggy.  Financially its a rip off at sticker price and with DLC.  Buy it on serious sale or dont bother."
76561198000426576,Recommended,253510,19740513,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Squire Hobo of the spoon,"While still abit rough around the edges Warmachine tactics has a good single player storyline, good (though could be even better) range of chars/models and while it has some changes from the tabletop its not far off and an enjoyable venture into the warmachine universe"
,Not Recommended,253510,13630305,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gryffon95,"My first review soo...here goes. I found that game fairly buggy, graphically there was issues, especially with text scaling and pop in. The controls feel pretty clunky, and it feels a tad slow early in single player. Personally due to all the bugs, and err lack of content i guess i wouldnt recommend this. It feels really unpolished and honestly, i would rate this at an alpha stage almost...not worth your time, or money. At most if you want this game wait till it drops to 10$ at the most..."
76561198046876424,Recommended,253510,22262249,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cybergades,So far so good. But it only lets me play like 3 or 4 missions.
76561198092214402,Not Recommended,253510,15618444,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Teej,"This game is a total disappointment, a couple things I would like to point out are:- I paid $64.99 when this game was released which is absolutely ridiculous for a game this unfinished.-after paying this amount I learn that they are selling DLC when they haven't even completed the main game, what a money grab.-The game tries to be like the tabletop version but fails miserablyafter playing this game for an hour all it makes me want to do is go out and play the tabletop version which is far more superior, I actually recommend playing vassal over this, if I could I would ask for my money back on this one, because its total garbage."
76561198013130648,Not Recommended,253510,11316440,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ishruul,"31/03/2015I am a tabletop player, I have more than 2,000$ worth of model from Warmachine. I love the tabletop game, I was more than excited to get a PC version of the game.What I got is a boring, ugly and alien game.The UI is so disgustingly designed(improved a little), it hurt your eyes. They made rule changes from the tabletop game that made units and some spell completely foreign to the game, single hit point unit now are solos with lots of HP...damnit all. Warjack without system is stupid.No one is playing (almost) except from the devs who sometime decide to play themselve. The AI doesn't nothing more than rush at you then lose.Single player is boring, the dialog are meaningless and poorly done. With all the vast lore from Warmachine, I don't get it why they had to go with this unstructure and blant campaign story.Avoid buying, even on sale."
,Recommended,253510,11209575,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[V-M] Hadriel,"This is not in any way a full review. Simply my early impressions with all the usual caveats. I will not be commenting on the EA price controversy here, enough has been said already.So far, really liking it. Played the single player tutorial mission, and 3 multiplayer matches. I lost the first 2 and won the 3rd. Each battle was exciting, involved and at times very intense. The last battle, in which I was The Protectorate of Menoth and my opponent was Khador, was really a lot of fun. It took a long time to resolve, as both of us were playing smart. Victory tasted sweeter for being hard fought and hard won. When you start to understand the synergies of your units the gameplay feels very satisfying; you feel like you have to earn victory against a competent opponent. It is also easy to see that there is plenty of depth to be had here, once you start to absorb the subtlties.There were a few minor issues, but nothing game-breaking and no crashes or disconnects. Everything looks good and works well.Looking forward to many fun and exciting battles to come."
76561198075302211,Not Recommended,253510,11329081,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,jhdhbh,"Positives first. Graphics are OK. However I don't reccomend this game at early access. There is extremely limited functionality at this stage, it's hard to even call it a beta. The gameplay is clunky, Even for a turn based game. It is difficult to figure out when you can and can't fire for example. Also there is virtually no-one who is playing multiplayer which means all you get is 1 small level.Hopefully the full version makes up for this and people get onboard for multiplayer. If the gameplay is tweaked a little, you can play the campaign and you get to select your own units the full version could be worth buying when it becomes available. The timeline indicated seems a little unbeleivable considering where the game is at now."
76561197986413117,Not Recommended,253510,11928026,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mendum,"Stay away from this game in its current state!!The camera controls are bad and unit selection-by-clicking is atrocious.The UI forces waaaay to many redundant clicks and comes across as needlessly slow. The UI is also counter-intuitive and leaves you frustrated from the very start of the mission. Just moving a unit can be an ackward affair as you struggle with tile-selection.The first mission was very boring and ended in a stupid fight with a Warjack that had 5 armour - Needed a critical hit to damage it. It had 27 hp and I was only hitting for 1 or 2 hp, which meant I had to hit it around 45 times! To add insult to injury the game crashed upon first completion meaning I had to restart the mission.Finally you cannot turn off the background music without turning all the sound off! That's just clowning!If I knew it would do me any good... I would ask for a refund."
76561198025611409,Not Recommended,253510,11409477,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,YokasHi,"They call this a beta. It's not a beta! It's an alpha!There are a lot of bugs, missing UI, missing features, unbalanced units...This game has only one single player map (with a terrible AI) and 2 multiplayer maps...There are a lot of games here in steam in the alpha stage that has a lot more content than this supposed ""beta"" game.If you ever played Warmachine tabletop, don't buy this game. Otherwise you will be very disappointed.They changed a lot of rules from TT breaking the balance of the game..."
76561198203614376,Not Recommended,253510,13922304,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Anapoda,"Really poor work from the devs who just seem to be unable to correctly optimise their game. That's already a pretty big problem in itself as so many people just can't play correctly but in top of that i sadly must add a dumb AI, the lack of content and of course a pay for win policy with lot of DLC."
76561198034613759,Not Recommended,253510,11172685,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,notawerewolf,Right now the gme is little more than a tech demo.  Having servers up to try the multiplayer would be nice.  I how we get updates soon.
76561198006706794,Recommended,253510,13871503,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cyrrus,"First: I heartily recommend this game for fans of tabletop wargaming and tactical wargames. Take note though, if you are into fast paced action this game will not be for you.Warmachine: Tactics a a very accurate PC conversion of the tabletop wargame Warmachine. If you know and love the tabletop game, you'll love the PC version as well. Any tabletop wargamer will instanly feel at home though. The game takes place on a fairly small map where you depploy, move and fight with your Warcaster (general), Warjacks (mechs) and Infantry.  The game feels well balanced at the moment.The single player campaign is reasonably fun but more importantly sets you up well for the multiplayer part of the game. That is where the true heart is for Warmachine, facing other players. That's also the only real downside. Since the game is turn-based you are dependant on how fast, or slow, your opponent plays. Be prepared to stare at your screen for minutes while your opponent does nothing.On the positive side though, Warmachine is an enjoyable game. Terrain and use of skills is critical an conveys the feel of a true tabletop game. The game looks nice and runs quite well. The UI isn't very pretty but does an adequate job considering the fairly large amount of options each skill and sub-skill has. It prevents the need for cumbersome menus. It also feels pretty inituitive to me.All in all you cannot get closer to tabletop gaming than this. The game isn't for everyone but if you enjoy this sort of thing you can't go wrong with Warmachine."
,Recommended,253510,17905885,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TauXV9,"Amazing tactics game, Highly recommend!"
76561197997447644,Not Recommended,253510,22291218,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Donnie Sexbag,"When I saw this game released I was so very excited, I love wargames but I don't have a venue nearby to play, the massive income required to keep up nor the prerequisite skills and time to paint tiny plastic men. I really enjoyed the first dawn of war game and the second was... Fine i guess, but I had really gotten into the Iron Kingdoms, so this was it, my chance to play some Warmachine. The first issue arose immediately, the price, a kickstarter game should not be so ridiculously expensive, but that was OK, I'd just wait for a steam sale like I usually do and play some of the demo while I waited. The second issue peaked it's ugly head above water while playing the demo, the gameplay was an entire city constructed primarily of klunk and the unit selection was puny, but it was only a free demo so I just (incorrectly) assumed that there was a veritable cornucopia of content just behind the locked door, what a fool I was. Even with access to the full game the unit selection was pitiful and the klunk city limits stretched into the horizon, but maybe patches will fix it, thought I, which is where the third issue burst forth from the ground like some horrible cyclopean beast, the same beast which has strangled so many potentially great titles in their cribs, I speak of course of DLC. As other reviewers have no doubt mentioned the DLC is overpriced, even with the newly announced ""price cut"" each clocks in at $10 and while this may not be as egregious for the Mercs or Retribution bundles (it still is) the Warcaster and Jack bundles are simply ludicrous, 4 units for $10? I would rather not sell my home, but thank you for the kind offer.So the question still remains, is it good? Is it worth my hard earned dollars/pounds/euro/whatever? The answer, in my opinion is an emphatic but remorseful no. If this game wants to be anything other than a floundering, half funtional cash grab it needs a lot of work, the klunkiness needs to be reduced considerably, the factions need to be expanded and the DLC needs to be added as regular content available upon purchase and expanded as well. If they do enact these changes I truely believe we will have a game which both promotes its source material and allows enthusiasts without an outlet (such as myself) to experiance the world of the Iron Kingdoms. Until then keep an eye on the reviews, you never know, the creators may decide that they don't need to bleed their creation for every cent and give us the game we crave and deserve."
,Recommended,253510,13579311,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,They added Full Screen mode. Now I am happy.
76561198040622607,Not Recommended,253510,15153096,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,mthomson,"I want to love this game. I already play Warmachine, so I was excited to be able to play an electronic version of it, so I have options when I can't play with others. But sadly, I can't recommend this right now. On the Mac version, the framerate is so low, even with lowest graphical settings, and lowest resolution, that it is unplayable. 15 fps, not even consistently is pretty bad. It freezes often, especially if you rotate the view and it clips into a terrain wall. I'm frequently waiting for it to return control to me. This is especially frustrating when it tends to lag and skip graphically, and you find the view takes off out of your control, and then your stuck waiting for it to catch up. The developer has admitted that they have not optimised as well for the Mac, and this is pretty apparent. I have a high end machine, with 20Gb of RAM in it, and have no problems running other games full screen, with all the bells and whistles turned on. I'm hugely disappointed. I just hope they will be able to fix this, hopefully not too far in the future. Don't worry about adding more features, get the basics right first please! Till then, avoid."
76561198149909730,Not Recommended,253510,13609113,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,chm2,♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ steam's no refund ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... Video drivers keep crashing
76561198014823436,Recommended,253510,16514685,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jexvrok,"i little bit diffrent from the table top, however that is fine. gameplay is easy enough. however there are a fefw problems with the game, such as not being able to save mid game in campaign, click and scroll through the map, when the enemy is doing long range shooting you cant tell what it is shooting at and the damage. aside from that, i have throughly enjoyed playing the game."
76561198027917739,Not Recommended,253510,11309064,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sturmsprung,"I know, its an ealy access Game, but to take Money for that game, in that state, is just an insolence!!!!I have tested some games in Beta and alpha, that where all free for the Testers, an did a lot better Performance. This i would say is barely a bad alpha version. There are so many things i think that need to be improved from the controls to the grapic. Spending Money for that game now is a waste. I know and have played the Tabletop to the game, it seems to be similar, but at the moment i would disargee that ist has the same Fun Factor or Quality.So dont buy it know!!!!May be if there is a good playable Version but definitely not now!!!!"
76561197977303754,Recommended,253510,11203905,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Azz al ghul,"if you play table top warmahordes you will love this game (bar a few mechanics its pretty much a copy and paste from table to to computer)! if you like the latest x-com games, then this is a game for you (very similar in style of game play)! a bit pricey but hey its the digital deluxe edition.pros-almos just like the table top.easy to learn the mechanic's if your a noob.cons-still in beta so its still lacking alot of features.price."
76561198013423271,Recommended,253510,11190126,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Revenant,"I give this recommendation with an enormous caveat: DO NOT BUY if you are expecting anything close to a complete game. The current build is barely playable, and I personally can't stomach more than one or two matches of it at a time.That being said, I still recommend that people pick this game up if they want to support the final product. I love the tabletop game. I think that the final product will live up to my expectations when it comes to capturing the spirit of the tabletop game. That is why I paid $65 for an incomplete product: because I have faith that the final product will be worth it.If you aren't really excited about the game being built, and want instant gratification, please save yourself a lot of pain and don't buy this game. Hell, don't buy ANY early access game. They're works in progress, and if you don't understand that when you buy then I have no sympathy for you."
76561198007308278,Recommended,253510,15012158,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,cyotte,Not bad
76561198061889214,Recommended,253510,11192485,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,tincanman1ca,"Despite the seemingly high initial cost, I think this is a game which has excellent potential. Even in early access this is an eminently playable product which can only get better as it approaches full release and more units and functioanlity are added. I have played both the single player scenario and the multiplayer scenario and found it very similar in play style to the table-top game it is based upon."
,Recommended,253510,17957471,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,VITROANIMA,"Cool Turn-based RPG. Can't say much, I've only played the Demo, but it was fun.Graphics look great, my machine couldn't handle everything cranked up though.9/10 Definite buy!"
76561198042050997,Recommended,253510,16732110,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The Scourge,"Love this game, specially since is very very very realistic in the sense of the Table Top version, almost all rules that apply to the Tabletop Miniature versian of the game, applies to the Digital version (AKA Warmachine: Tactics)if you like turn based stratedgy games then i totally recomend this to you."
,Not Recommended,253510,14379200,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,HotdogOctopus,"Warmachine: Tactics is equivalent to putting a Chuck E. Cheese sign over a trash pile near the cross-roads of war, ebola, and female circumcision in Africa and charging people top-dollar to send their kids there. That being said I'd rather pay 40 bucks for that because I'd at least get a trip to Africa."
76561197984082386,Recommended,253510,11266070,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Iron_Nexus,"Warmachine Tactics looks to be a potential great turn-based strategy game...if done correctly. The game is still in beta and is looking to be released in a month's time.My gaming rig has a Intel i7 3770 @ 3.4Ghz, 16GB DDR3 1333MHz Kingston Value RAM, Gigabyte GTX660Ti 2GB, runs off a 1TB HDD 7200RPM. (I am getting a EVGA GTX780 very shortly so I'll edit for the difference in frames per second.)Pricing: I'm not a Kickstarter Backer. When Warmachine Tactics was released on Steam for Early Access, I brought it immediately, didn't really care about the price. I had read what the game currently has for content. For a Digital Deluxe Edition, £49.99 is a decent price point for what players will be eventually getting when it's fully complete. I've paid more for other games but they were complete games, all content was there except for the future DLC with Season Passes. I didn't do any tutorials or play the Multiplayer yet, I wanted to see what the game could potential offer.Game Performance: Moving onto the actual game itself, I pumped the settings up to max as high as they could go and played the Single-player scenario. The game was soild, running around 25-40fps @ 1920x1080 @60Hz, this is still beta and is subject to change until the release date for further optimization as well as future improvements. It played very nicely, no crashes or errors while playing the scenario. A bug with the units running through market food stands at the beginning of the level but that can be sorted out.Visuals: The game looks very nicely crafted, the game models are very accurate to their original tabletop models and can individually pick out what warcaster or unit is. The map for the single-player scenario is beautifully created and solid representation of the Warmachine world, with the weathering effects are good so far, something you'd expect for the winter feel.Interface: The UI is decent but large on a 1920x1080 though boarders and such aren't polished so they don't fit the role. I hope they are refined later on.Sounds: As you'd expect, the sound effects for melee and range thus far a good. Background music is fitting.Disclaminer. Just a reminder I've only played the Single Player scenario, that's all.So the important question, is Warmachine Tactics worth it. Personal opinion, with the price now at £37.97 (£49.99 previous price) with the current content and now with an update (have yet to play), it feels a little more worth it but I'd rather wait till all the content for the Digital Deluxe there. So I'll say I do recommend the game but with a 'Buyer Beware' caution solely on the content to price ratio.---- ---- ----Side Note:After tweeting and posting a message on Facebook. I really would like to know why the price changed since I did buy it for £49.99 from the developers and those who brought it for the higher price. Is there a possible chance of getting the difference refunded to the Steam Wallet?"
76561198069588225,Recommended,253510,18245758,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,dreadge,"Slow paced, but very close to the table top system. If you are a fan of the Table top game and have the time to invest in a 30-45min battle pick it up. I have quite enjoyed it as a time killer. The Solo story mode is good enough it kept me playing as well.HUGE DOWNSIDEThe Game constantly feels unfinished. It looks like they just gave up towards the end and put it out with out a final polish. not to mention the games AI is dull, and the skirmish mode is mostly pointless with no custom option.Despite that I recommend it for fans of the TT Game for the multiplayer. Get it on sale. Don't play full price for 80% of a game."
76561198039467669,Not Recommended,253510,32956496,Posted: 28 June,all,Chester,Moneygrab
76561197999283515,Recommended,253510,16516714,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Murphy,"Suprisingly good.  Very similar to the table top game, the lack of units is a bit of a let down, but the essence is the same.  Hopefully, the unit list will be expanded in a similar manner to the miniature line and remain cheap."
76561198007599172,Recommended,253510,11209668,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Strider,"Epic game worth the money. and keep in mind we pay this price, it just helps the dev's get more content out and that much closer to full release. dont listen to the kids that want something for nothing.. entitlement will only last so long."
76561198047838896,Not Recommended,253510,12191933,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,cLAy_piGeon,"Want to play this really bad, Butwhen I got it is so far from a real release it aint funny. cLAy_piGeon Nov 13 @ 5:34amI must have been a sleep typing this, it should say = I wanted to play this really bad. But when I got it, I found that it is so far from a real release that it isn't funny."
76561198094591730,Recommended,253510,11194133,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,boogaboy13,"If i have a lot of typos please forgive me. I have been playing warmachine since it first came out and im talking about the table top. I loved playing it with my father but my issue was i didnt have a job back then so i couldnt keep up with the new releases and eventually all that would happen was all my deffences would just get over riden. I played cryx and after a while everyone could hit stealth and incapporial so i just got wrecked. This ik is a very early beta of not an alpha, not really sure. already i am completely in love with it. It does everything for you while still giving you all the room that the table top has, aside from unit decisions which i horriably hope will come in soon. Loving every bit of it so far, cannot wait till the updates"
76561197972336149,Recommended,253510,11177452,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Meighty,Great game so far. It has some issues like any early access game but very playable. If you like tabletop wargames check out some gameplay.
,Not Recommended,253510,13235237,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Juriy,"Note that the review is not based on the gameplay experience, since I could not get to the point where the game is playable. This might change if developers test and fix engine for Mac Book Pro.Absolutely unplayable on Mac. I had very high expectations, based on video on Steam, but the graphics rendering is totally inadequate. Models are 'shakin' as if they play a frame of some animation for the fraction of a second and then return to idle state. Polygons go way beyound the bounds. The game looks like someone was playing with 3D math and messed up few formulas.Not recommending at least until there's a fix."
76561198049787600,Recommended,253510,11178071,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Katran,"As the game sits it's not worth the 65.00 price, but remember that we are purchasing the Digital Deluxe Edition. When the game comes out we get 20 additional units and the early access. Right now the Beta has 4 armies and they are pre-built. This is not the full game by far. Yes there will be a cheaper version of the game at release. As a Mercenary player at the tabletop version I can't pass up getting a bunch of Mercenary stuff. Nobody should be surprised by the content as it sits. They spell it out in the description very clearly as to what you are getting. I'm giving it a thumbs up and I hope the rest of you who actually do the reading will follow suit so that the game doesn't get unwarrented bad reviews. This game has been supported by Warmachine fans since the start with the Kickstarter. Let's make sure they get their just dues for providing a game that actually feels like a Warmachine tabletop game."
,Not Recommended,253510,13135265,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hiryu Protagonist,"Some interesting mechanics buried in an unfinished game. It plays like most turn based, grid based strategy games. You have zones representing your move distance and your ranged attack distance. Attacks have a percentage chance to hit. Your ""warcasters"" have an interesting mechanic, where they have a limited number of action points per turn, that they can choose to spend on extra attacks or attack boosts for themselves, or give to their golem-like ""warjack"", which is big and powerful, but has to stay near them.However, you probably won't care enough to learn more about the game than this. If they didn't claim otherwise, you'd think this was an early access title. I have never seen a worse camera in a game; half the time you won't be able to see your own units. The action camera will switch back and forth between normal view and zoomed in view every time an ally moves or attacks, which results in it flickering back and forth multiple times for every single unit. Everything looks like a blurry, pixellated mess. Attack ranges are unclear from the interface, and unless I am missing something, there's no way to undo a move after realizing you've moved out of attack range.Not worth your money unless they release some pretty major patches in the future."
,Not Recommended,253510,13150487,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Draylynn,"So chunky. The UI/Graphics don't seem to scale with the resolution well, they're huge. The zoom is a little annoying.It feels so tacky in such a way it screams for you to never touch it again.Voice acting isn't brilliant.Graphics were... ok. Polishing~Needs much polishing. Moar polish and not the cheap-tacky furniture kind either."
76561198048853556,Recommended,253510,11178383,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,TheShaggyGuy,"Great game, tons of potential. This plays just like the tabletop mini's game, only it does all the math and rules for you, which is extremely helpful, considering how complicated things can get when you're playing with pen and paper."
76561198123991505,Not Recommended,253510,13226879,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ckli518,can not play on mac 27''
76561198005736879,Recommended,253510,12932168,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,stBeo,"Early access has been great so far the game is looking really good. Probably the best turn-based tactics game I've played in a while, it has lots of depth."
,Not Recommended,253510,15695124,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Headsets & Gcards for sale,Sucks.
76561197972443072,Not Recommended,253510,25217548,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,RedSparrow,Cool idea bad implimentaion.  The game machanics are bad.
76561197975136591,Not Recommended,253510,13165630,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rob,Top of the line Macbook pro with 2gb Nvida 750m and 8gb of ram can't render it all.  The screen is all over the place..the characters jerk and there are lines all over the place.  The game is unplayable.
76561197993267820,Recommended,253510,11161851,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Dr. Horrible,"Beta/Early Access Review:If you are a fan of Warmachine table top game, or looking to get into a new tactical game with elements like X-Com, then this is a great game now, and going to get better.Current build is a feature light, but everywhere you look are the signs and evidence that it will be feature strong. The game play even as it stand in this early build is, in my opinion, a perfect mix of the spirit of the table top rules combined with the realities of video games. I am very much looking forward to watching this game get better and better.Side notes:The $65 is a reasonable price point. That is the price point the kick starter had that provided beta/early access. It's also the price point for the digital deluxe edition of the game which provides extra content upon release. I'm happy to pay it and play it, both help the developers make this a better game. If you dont want to pay $65 to play an unfinished game, thats fine, dont pay it."
,Not Recommended,253510,25507093,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,cosmonaut,looked cool but is actually trash
76561198138944435,Recommended,253510,11245413,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,WheelJack,Dislike the fact we had to pay £49.99 for it and only days later its now £37.99 WTF!
76561197986875524,Not Recommended,253510,13099547,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,RoweShamboe,"Makes me wish I could get a refund, the automatic camera angles make you watch battles from behind walls. I once got stuck looking at the world from below the ground.  The mechanics are weird and clumsy and the graphics so so, not nearly worth $30-40 bucks, wait for it to hit $5-$10 in two  weeks to a month"
,Not Recommended,253510,11279277,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,YubYuB,I wasted my money. Hope this game turns into something worth the price :(
76561198041960845,Recommended,253510,11164924,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Trip,hmmmm i am looking forward to more units like the choir of menoth mainly and for the units which have been done to actually have more than just this **** for stats. But looks good so far think the 1st scenario also needs to give warcaster at least one spell as even the journeymen in the board game have spells. anyway concepts great probably to expensive but i think it will be worth it. keep up the work guys and gals ;)  your making good progress.
,Not Recommended,253510,12849264,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Alphagold,"Bought the Deluxe version, didn't get any of the additional units, can't even play the game since on the lowest graphical settings possible it still runs at only 4 frames a second. I checked and I meet all the recommended system requirements so I have no idea why it's doing this.  So as of now I spent $60 on a game I can't play"
,Not Recommended,253510,13075981,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kit,Needs a UI and camera overhaul to be playable.
76561197966543763,Recommended,253510,11158042,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,fRodos_,"For the ones familiar with the tabletop game, this is IT !!You can play against hundreds of people from your very room, not having to meet up with anyone, carry your stuff around etc... Tho liiitle changes are implemented, but still just as great. Cannot wait till the finished product comes out, with other game-modes and units. Absolutely great !For those not familiar with the game yet, simply put it's XCOM with more units, and more depth. Which is just what you were looking for.edit.: No Man's Land is awesome ! The performance gets better and better, tho I still experienced a crash here & there. Unit list is expanding, lots of variety is now implemented in the game ! Can't wait for Hot Seat !"
76561198164738786,Not Recommended,253510,13132958,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,OLDSALT,Won't run on mac.
76561197963996942,Recommended,253510,12643923,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,KohrinSoulez,"A very nice Turn based experiance, cant wait for rest campaign be released"
76561198023610326,Recommended,253510,12814193,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,namrog,should be fair decent by the time the full gamecomes out
,Recommended,253510,12805442,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Douche,"Good game.Developers are sure working hard with fixing, adding and removing several elements. It is only getting better. However the price-tag seems a little too high for a turn-based indie game."
76561198064368016,Recommended,253510,11160125,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,gregoryscameron,"This game is definately still a BETA. I can see where it can excell, and it is working it's way towards being a great game. I am happy to see that it it not a rehash of XCOM: Enemy Unknown. It feels just like the mini's game. The controlls take a moment to get used to, but they flow well once you get the hang of it."
76561198005730154,Recommended,253510,12744288,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dardak,So far great game.
76561198053234045,Recommended,253510,33227513,Posted: 4 July,all,Ben,"well, if you guy update some dlc or what, i'll much expecting this"
76561198006832485,Not Recommended,253510,13032042,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Sand Witch,"Good looking with depths tactical turn based combat game. Customisation grants it immense potential.I would like to point out that despite the overall disappointment towards the game by many reviewers, the patches fixed a lot of issues over time as well as adding new stuff, even though some glitches and bugs are still out there and the performance of the game isn't at its best yet.I am therefore quite confident that in time this game will become what it should be, which is an excellent turn-based tactical game, since the devs really put the effort in it.besides the universe is simply fantastic :)Edit : sadly after so much time it is now very hard to find any excuse for the result. Plus most of the promised stuff is still not out and, we're in 2016, this AI design level is simply a shame to the human brain."
76561198045804982,Recommended,253510,23468040,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Taurtaris,"While there is alot of bugs at time, I do find the game very enjoyable and a great way to spend some time."
,Recommended,253510,23467547,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Slatz Grubnik,"I think this game is really fun, especially after the update. You can play as your favourite faction in the online multiplayer or watch the story unfold in single player mode. The camera is a little weird to use at first, but you quickly get used to it. I look forward to seeing more for this game, and I hope it's not forgotten going forward.Full metal combat!"
76561197998980357,Not Recommended,253510,33320722,Posted: 6 July,all,Sandoz,"This game has the potential to be really good, but it's buggy as all get out right now. I don't know if it was released way too early or if the latest hotfix messed things up, but I am glad I didn't pay full price for this game. It's almost unplayable right now."
76561198116296185,Not Recommended,253510,11874517,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,bluesoda007,"I have read some of the negative reviews, even from avid tabletop gamers (which I also play but just don't have the time to go to the store with a busy schedule, thats why I am going to love this more once the final version comes out).  So here is what gets me.  The negative reviews are on a game that is in developement.  If you would have read all the info you would probalby understand this.  How can paying $65 now be a bad deal?  Once the game is released in full I will be getting a lot of cool stuff to play with that others will have to pay for, get the good deal now or wait till later and don't get the cool stuff.  I say get a job and you will realize that this is not that bad of a price point, especiallyl if you play the tabletop game, I never hear anyone complaining about the price of models, how many hundreds of dollars have you spent playing the tabletop game.  Let me get to my point.  Enjoy the early access for what it is, give input that can help in developement of the final product and stop complaining and just wait for the full release completed game. rant over!The review above was from last year when the game came out.  Then I have been waiting patiently and more patienlty and now finally the graphics on the Mac are fixed but it is still slow and buggy and it loses mouse control, freezes up and then I have to force quit.  So at this point I am giving up and will check back in 3 or 4 months.  frustrating.  maybe I will buy a PC an see if it works so I can justify giving it a thumbs up.  I wouldn't say its a complete failure but definitely not what I expected, maybe the tech company got in over their head on what they could deliver.  I would have been happier with a functional game engine versus a game that tried to change everything. Turn based like Civilization would have been better."
76561197984899141,Not Recommended,253510,14106875,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Flinch,"Ever play a tactical game like chess and not be able to lose half the pieces you play with? Well, needless to say it isn't very tactical. Ever play a tactical game where you get new objectives and opponent's randomly as you play with no warning? Needless to say it isn't something you can be very tactical about.Ever play a game of Warmachine or Hordes where you could at least take joy in your friend winning? Well, this is an AI, cause no one wants to play vs. in this game... No one. So you get to see the the look of joy on the AI's face at least once per mission cause you will have no idea what you are supposed to be doing the first time you play most any mission.This is a disgrace and I find both comfort and sadness knowing that this has put the nail in the coffin for warmachine video games.This game can't hurt anyone anymore."
76561198005408518,Recommended,253510,11413401,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,deamon1885,I agree that the price is ridiculous Game play is shallow .... thier is only one mission an with out Hot seat in regular game mode then forced to wait for others ... I love Warmachine/Hordes but wish i would have spent money on More Models instead
76561198011513677,Recommended,253510,14188540,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Southiesox,"After playing this game more, I had to change my review.YES, im bummed that they dont have hotseat added yet (and now ill shut up about that)....and sure there are good bad things about this game.  but i think you have to look at the little details the developers put in and take into consideration the fact that they are frequently updating the game, which is awesome because no one likes to feel as if they are stranded playing a crappy game.the graphics still throw me sometimes.  LOS takes a little getting used to.  sometimes the hit ratio will make you want to pull your hair out.  but overall, it all evens out.  theres something very cool about watching a warjack with a flail pound the snot out of the enemy.  or the way their bodies fly when hit with a strong, killing attack.  there is tons of variety - units, attacks and so on that it should keep you interested for quite some time.at this point, most of the people playing this game either love it or hate it and i dont expect to see a lof of new players.  but if your are considering buying this game, id so do it.  buy it and play a few times using a stronger caster than the ai just to see what your guys can do.  i think once you really grasp the game and why things happen as they do, youll like this game.  it may not end up on your favorites list, but youll definitely get your moneys worth."
,Not Recommended,253510,12296390,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Church,"I play the real tabletop game, $65 is pocket change compared to owning a legit army.After playing it alot more there are some nasty bugs but the development team is constantly fixing and updating this game and putting more units out.  I love it.  Its alot cheaper than buying actual units for the tabletop game and the games are very good.  Very happy with how this game is coming out.UPDATE - Still amazing game with lots of progress being made.  Lots of great units added and the combat is much more even now.UPDATE 2 -  They gave up on the game, they are horrible developers that didnt stand by their word."
76561198064303459,Recommended,253510,28570123,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dantihero,"I've played this game, on and off four a couple of years now and honestly it's a good title. Yes development has been slow, but it is a small team making the game they have come in bounds.Though I liked the single player campaign, for me it has to be about the multiplayer. When you know most of whate every unit in the game does and you're pitted with someone who knows the same, it can be a true confrontation of minds as you squeeze every last spell, feat and abillity to make your plan work,  Sometimes though, it can only end with Warcaster against Warcaster as the dice gods determine the victor. It can be tense is what I'm saying.There are now 6 factions, 22 Warcasters in total when counting dlc and they all play differently. If you like chess and think it coul do with more steam punk robots and ombies, give this game a try. Performance wise, its the best so far and there is still more content to come. Can't wait for army painter and my pink elves of death.If you like tactical games, give the demo a try. It might just grab you."
76561198035676510,Not Recommended,253510,13842211,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TurboGrandpa,"Still an early access game, purchase at your own risk. The basics are good, the AI and UI need work, but otherwise shaping up to be really good.UPDATE: lmao they didn't fix the UI at all. I can't believe they released it in this state."
76561198079486293,Not Recommended,253510,28274841,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,stannard.writer,"I've played and enjoyed Warmachine on the table and I love me some XCom, but Warmachine: Tactics's frustrating interface, tectonic load times, and crippling lag sucked all the joy right out of me. It's not unplayably broken, it's just not fun."
76561197977341489,Recommended,253510,19135336,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Couper,"11/01/2017 EditThis game after a long time still remains quite broken, poor ai, not a terribly good main plot.But the thing is i keep playing it, and the reason i do is because it's based on the warmachine Table top game, which has all sorta of fun power and tactical potentials.now honestily i don't disagree with the negative reviews, this game could've been amazing and it's just okay."
76561198009001956,Not Recommended,253510,34766281,Posted: 5 September,all,Cizur,"36 hours on this game so far, and I love the fact it's Warmachine, but I hate the game play and the endless amount of bugs.  Random crashes at every corner, along with game glitches.  The game jumps and twitches worse than the original ""Soldier of Fortune"".   My system runs games far more intense than this, yet struggles to maintain this worthless graphics engine chouse.The revised UI made the game worse IMO.  They should take note of the new GW release of Total War: Warhammer and model a Warmachine game similar to it.A waste of money and a waste of 36 hours.  It makes me sad that such a great environment, storyline and miniature game was turned into this pile of ..."
,Not Recommended,253510,16049079,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"Abandoned by the devs the day it was released...Will never be finished, doubt they are even working on it...Even if they are, will be years b4 it is even remotely close to a finished game...Owned for 3 years... 0.9 hours on record... 'nuff said."
