user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,253610,7882236,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[ A E ] WinD,It's as if Doom with some of Quakes platforming had sex with Megaman and made this game.
,Recommended,253610,12333296,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TesseracT,I feel like Wrack is a perfect tribute to what PC gaming was in the mid 90's. It has all the necessary ingredients:* Fun* Fast* Difficult* Replay Value* Gameplay DepthI would recommend getting this game for one of your younger siblings  / cousins / friends who are curious as to what real FPS games were like before the triple AAA titles from Activision / EA dumbed down the genre.In essence its a top notch FPS game that does everything right. I have thoroughly enjoyed it thus far. Easily 10/10
,Recommended,253610,12614471,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,KUBA18i,"Brad ""Carnevil"" Carney, having developed a source port named Skulltag which revolutionized Doom's multiplayer community, decided to make his very own first person shooter. Now here it is, the cartoonish, oldschool, arcade and fresh FPS called ""Wrack"". But, did it turn out well?The first thing you need to know that it's a fast paced, skill based shooter with a bigger emphasis on the gameplay rather than story. If you except this to be a military(like Call of Duty, Battlefield, Medal of Honor or Titanfal), tactical(Counter Strike, Arma, Rainbow Six), story driven(Bioshock, Half Life) or puzzle based(Prey) shooter, then be informed that it's nothing like that. This is definitely closer to shooters like Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein 3D, Rise of the Triad, Serious Sam, Heretic and other oldschool, fast paced and with the only story being told is ""Kill all that moves!!!"" shooters. However, it's not exactly the same thing as them. Wrack aspires to be an arcade shooter, so it takes inspiration from games like Mega Man and Contra. Console platformers and PC shooters of the 90s are loved by rather different communites, so Wrack attempts to fuse both into one game that will hopefully find fans in any community.This game has the following characteristics:-You move very quickly and never get tired.-There's five weapons, which are quite similar to Doom's and other shooters' ones. They don't have recoil or iron sights, here they are:*The meele is a huge and strong sword which can kill almost every common enemy in one hit, simirarly to Shadow Warrior '97.*The pistol is a simple weapon that fires fast and can do the job of killing things well if you run out of ammo for other weapons.*The shotgun is a quite effective weapon useful for racking up chains(to be explained later). Its ammo is very plentiful, so this one might be your favourite.*The 4th weapon is a Pulsar: a fast shooting energy ball gun affected by gravity. Very useful for bosses and enemy swarms.*The last weapon in your arsenal is the Bazooka. It's a slowly firing rocket launcher, but it still is very essential. Useful for combos!If you get a certain item you can even do rocket jumps!- Skulltag powerups are included. Doomsphere multiplies damage done by 4. Guardsphere does the opposite. Speedsphere makes you superfast.- If you grab the Blast Guard you get the ability to do rocket jumps! Permament effect!- Each enemy requies different strategy against it. Use your gray matter effectively!- Theme changes every two levels.- Music is composed by (our lord and savior!!!)Bobby Prince, and it's AWESOME!- There's a Boss fight on every odd numbered level(other than the final one). But let me tell you that they are definitely Mega Man inspired, so if you only played FPSes before, you'll poop your diaper. The bosses are NOT some lame♥♥♥♥♥circle strafing(Cyberdemon, ROTT95 bosses, Kukulkan), hiding behing walls and shooting(Spider Mastermind, Wolfenstein 3D bosses, Exotech Larvae), endless enemy swarms and no actual attacks(Icon of Sin, Shub Niggurath, Mordekai), quick-time-events(MMS bosses), keep running away and shooting(Blood and Daikatana bosses) or swarming the player with projectiles ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Hell no! This time you MAY NOT quicksave after each attack or any BS like that, no! You will need to learn their attack patterns and then learn how to evade them, just like in Mega Man. ROTT13 tried to do a similar thing, but the failed at it with having too many damn projectiles than you can't even ♥♥♥♥ing evade. Wrack does this job very well and is one of the very few to do so.-There's a chain\combo system. If you kill enemies in a certain time period, you'll rack up your chain. If you kill multiple enemies at the same time, you get a combo. Racking up chain's fills your finisher bar, which let's you do strong attacks.- There's 8 levels+ a secret one. That may not be many, but there is a lot of replay value! You can always struggle to get a high score in the online leaderboards, or get those annoying achievemnts, or try to find these freaking secrets.- Quicksaves disappear when loaded on higher difficulties. It's an arcade shooter, so you are supposed to fight your way to survive and get extra lives to reach the end, not save everytime you clear an area. You are supposed to sweat and breathe densily when you have little lives left and trying to find out the way to kill the boss or get through a tricky part on a level. This is how NES owners often felt like. FPS veterans mat not like it, but screw them! Quicksaving scums! Play Wrack if you are manly! No offense of course =).- Workshop support for mods and new levels! That can bring endless life to this title!- The plot and characters are good and supposed to make you feel like watching a Saturday morning cartoon.- IT'S NOT A ♥♥♥♥ING DOOM CLONE!- THE GRAPHICS ARE NOT RIPPED OFF BORDERLANDS!lol bl doesn't even have celshadingIn other words, Carn did a great job with making this game, so I defenitely recommend it. It's a fun, retrotastic and challenging experience. I urge YOU and everyone of your friends to play it!"
,Recommended,253610,14565047,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Wrack is an awesome single-player arcade FPS, developed by small indie. It was first released in Early Access and been there for a year. One of those Early Access games that didn't fail with some drama and actually delivered.Wrack is a old-school FPS game on the first glance. Yet when you get more in-depth you will notice that it's actually  more like a mix between Arcade style gaming and FPS genre, than a blind tribute to Doom. This game doesn't make itself look oldschool on purpose either, it has quite a modern look and controls too.It also got Time Attack and Score Attack where you compete for score/time with world and friends. Would have loved scoreboard for main campaing too. You also can play any beaten levels, and earn better medals, the reqiurements are a bit confusing though.Presentation of the game is quite on the good level as well. It's all you need for arcade title, colorful graphics. And spot-on-sounds, great music by the Bobby Prince, who also made music for Doom, because we know, we should compare everything to Doom and mention it everywhere. He still didn't lose his talent and you can go and get soundtrack right away.The story of the game follows... somewhere in 21XX when humanity lives happily and forgot what ""military"" forces is, only one man remains fitting for action is you, Kain. And the action came, as the robots invaded Earth and are planning to take the amazing generator for their own use and you have to stop them. Oh wait, it's ugly alien lizard that can be blown into many gibbity gibs. Also comes with a cool villian Exo who builds robots and doesn't have ""Dr."" in the name.Cue all the fun in story cutscenes, enjoying characters talk. Shame the artwork is a bit of lacking. It doesn't have satisfying ending either, but that's OK, we play for gameplay, not ending.While graphics doesn't have much going technical-wise, the design is a stylish and colorful, quite pleasent for the eyes. It has character to it. Weapon animations are great and lively, perhaps too much for some people. But you can disable the camera movement in options, so not a big deal. And yes, when you blow or kill enemies, they leave their blood all over walls and floor, happily blowing into gibs as well. Robots have oil that works like a blood, gibs leaving it everywhere, and it makes killing robots as fun as aliens.Corpses of enemies don't really use ragdoll, but there is a gameplay design to it, as you can blow corpses into gibs, resetting chain combo.Yes, chains and combos. This game is arcade game all around. There is usual affair of exploring mazes, finding switches and dominating your enemies, running at the speed of fast-paced game. It got classic non-regenerating health, your usual armor (cuts damage taken by half), supply pickups and hazards to avoid like spikeballs. And best part is that the game is Arcadey-fair, you don't feel like you died cheaply. Every enemy uses projectile attack, there are absolutely no hitscan attack, excluding railgunners! It's all about maneuvering and buttkicking, not about camping and headshotting carefully. It's one of those FPS who doesn't make you quicksave every few seconds because you may get hit into head by random bullet anytime. And this alone makes it one of better FPS games around.Not only it's properly done for once, but it has great Arcade elements to it. There is even a bit of platforming involved when it comes to secrets. It only has one physics trick, ""straferunning"", where running diagonally is faster. It also uses lives system, like any good arcade title, allowing you to start fresh from checkpoint upon death instead of making you wait loading same quicksave all time. Higher difficulties, the hardest one you have to unlock by beating game, don't even allow quicksaves. You can lose all lives, but you got infinitive continues, just gotta start level from beggining. Having truly arcade-like style where you get complete game over after losing lifes would have been interesting, but hardcore PC FPS gamers who use saving all time wouldn't be able to stomach that.Survival is nice, but what will keep your replaying got to be score system. You got the usual treasures to pick up during there, but it's no much to chain combos system, where you have to kill enemies one after another in short amount of time between each kill. It's made to be addictive, as the hit sound pitch will go higher and higher, the score upon ending the chain increases pretty much geometrically. Not only that, but you can end the chain by releasing a powerful weapon's finisher, the strenght of which depends on the level of kill chain.No, it's not some gore-full melee fatality. These Finishers take inspirations from fighting games instead, a more damaging shot that can clear out a room if positioned correctly.They are different for each weapon, all of them getting their job done for various situations:-Hyperblade: Melee weapon that doesn't suck but isn't quick-knife either. Gibs most enemies and just feels great to whack with. Finisher is vertical slash, sending projectiles out.-Pistol: Gets stuff done for long range until bazooka. More ammo than you will ever need. Finisher is railgun-like shot.-Shotgun: Main weapon for short and even medium ranges. Main weapon actually. You do most combo chaining with it. Finisher is just strong WIDE shot.-Pulsar: Your superweapon, like in usual Arcade game, which you would want to keep for bosses and dangrous situations. Shoots fast, ammo is rare. Finisher is a slow powerful flying plasma. Huge one.-Bazooka: Blow anything into gibs. Good for long-range and packs of baddies. Finisher is just having more powder in rocket.All used through the levels to fend off the various enemies. That are common weak melee robot-crawlers, kamikaze variety, usual projectile-shooting weak and tough alien soldiers, including railgunner variery too, flying patrolling robots and big melee crushers who act like walls. You should ignore crushers during big fights, unless it's the last difficulty where they are ""poke me for gibs"". Could use more of variety but it goes nice with chain system.You also may notice that damage is never randomized. There is no gamble if that rocket will kill you or not. It goes good and bad with bazooka, as damage is always same no matter the distance from radius of explosion. It helps and makes sense when blowing enemies up, but you are likely to get self-instakilled just because you was a little too close.And then the levels. There aren't tons of them, but they are nicely packed, changing theme every two levels or so. They are abstract and got not many interesting details or interactivity, but damn good mazes and have different color palletes and textures. Each levels has a few secrets, with only around 2 in whole game being hidden behind usable wall, which means that it's not about tedius wallhumping like in ""proper oldschool FPS"".And best? Many bosses! And they aren't lame! Like proper arcade, they have tactics to learn and you can't just outdamage them. Wrack outdoes many FPSes here. Aside from Oculus, he becomes lame-easy once you learn tactic.And the game got Workshop support! It comes with face-based level editor and you can make mods with just a notepad, quite inspired by ZDoom. Easy to use, can do many stuff. Try it.The game is not perfect though. Technical problems pop-up for many users, requring more PC power than one expects (the only modern FPS that doesn't remove gibs). Could use more enemy variety. 4-5 more levels with two more themes could be great. More.But you know what? It still is one of the only arcade FPS around, it being felt in core gameplay up to bones, making you care of score. It may not be much for those who just want to beat game once with no care. But if you pick up any level after beating game and try the best, then you will not be able to put the game down until you finished it again.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,253610,7946613,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,meme machine,"Wrack is a very addictive and fun game so far. I've played about 2 hours' worth; and I have yet to see one flaw. Very well put together for being in Beta, and I HIGHLY recommend this game. Once you start it, it's hard to put down. Plus, it has the same composer as the guy that composed Doom. What's not to like?"
76561198024279229,Recommended,253610,9924128,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,coldy225,"I dare you to play this game without grinning like an idiot, its just that fun"
,Not Recommended,253610,18291643,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,TØXIN,"Wrack is a ""So-so"" game. It needs work. The action gets repetitive. Basically you walk into an open room and shoot enemies as quickly as possible to ""wrack"" up combos. This would be fun if the level design was good. Unfortunatly, the levels are uninteresting and repetitive in which you can get lost easily because rooms look like other rooms. This game needs an in-game map like DOOM, but more importatnly this game needs more refined levels with unique geometry and design. Take a look at DOOM. There are no rooms in each level of DOOM that look alike. Each room had it's own personality and architecture that helped you know where you are. In addition, I wish there were more weapons other than the 5 weapons in the game; which are a sword, pistol, shotgun, plasma rifle, and rocket launcher.Overall, with limited weapons, repetitive action, and uninspired level design, I cannot recommend this game. It is fun for maybe an hour, but, afterwards, it gets repetitive and becomes a chore to play."
,Not Recommended,253610,18241441,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,reggie.ps,"I bought Wrack in March when it was on sale for 6 euros.I really loved Doom, I still do, I install it on any system bar my actual main PC so I could play it outside whenever I'm bored as it entertains me.I saw that this was meant to be about action with a chain system.I played through about nearly 2 hours of the game in the hardest difficulty unlocked. (I believe it was just hard and there's no higher difficulty if I recall correctly) and I had just come off Hotline Miami 2 at the time so I wasn't really unfamiliar with difficulty, in fact, I welcome it in most of my games.The game is outright boring, the weapons feel almost as bad as Skyrim, being either peashooters, or cardboard guns.I felt like my weapons were too weak and that I'd have to pick them off one by one with the sword. I really hated the chain system as the levels aren't really filled with enemies and when they are, enjoy running about hoping you can squeeze enemies into your killstreak rather than trying to just kill them without taking damage as you would in Doom.The soundtrack is god awful, the ''story'' is cringy. the enemies do not feel threatening. I feel as one would easily have a better experience with Doom, any version of it that's on Steam is fine.So I decided to add some mods from the Workshop and keep in mind, I had bought this game in March, I literally only found a good few visual mods, and a mod that recreates Knee Deep in the Dead. So I played it, and the gameplay issues of walking TOO fast, guns sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy types being reused over and over again wasn't fixed at all.Just go get Doom, if you're bored of Doom, install level mods, unless this game is priced at less than a euro/dollar/pound/Indonesian Dong, avoid like the plague."
,Recommended,253610,14736828,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hellbrigade',If you like throwback FPS games with a bit of dry humor you should probably get this. So much win.
,Recommended,253610,12949395,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Harry 2K17,"Note: I have some of the devs in my steam friendlist, so perhaps I will be too kind to the game. ( ALSO LOOK AT OTHER OPINIONS! )Wrack is a cel-shaded first person shooter. The gameplay feels like the old shooters Doom and Quake. While playing, I felt like I was traveling back in time to those games, The game really is oldschool fun. The gameplay is clearing rooms of enemies, turning on buttons and encountering endbosses. While playing you learn the rhythm of the enemies, which adds to the fun because you know how to react to every enemy. By killing enemies in a short amount of time, you start filling your combometer.When the meter is very high you can perform a special attack, which does a lot of damage and gives you a lot of score. This is really addicting because you want to get your combo as high as you can. The game levels are well designed with a lot of secrets. I mostly like how the levels look, the graphical style of the walls are really colourful, thanks to the lighting. The only thing that give me mixed feelings are the endbosses, because many weren't well designed. Some endbosses are blood pumping exciting, while others were easily done with one finger in the nose. I mostly hated the final endboss, because I played the game on the hardest difficulty on my first playthrough. Due to that I couldn't quicksave and if I lost all my lives I had to start the level all over again. This really irritated me, because after retrying the final level over and over again, I didn't want to continue playing the game. It felt like a waste of time. The story of the game is pretty entertaining, because of the cliches. But it is more for the background because gameplay is king. But that still doesn't make up for the fact that the cutscenes in the game are really badly done. They look like they are unfinished. After the singleplayer you can play the speedrun and scoreattack modes. I will not be playing those as I will probably go insane! You also unlock a secret level which adds for around 1 hour extra gameplay! As final thing I want to say that I think this game is really well polished, with (almost) no bugs and still gets well supported by the devs.Workshop:For the workshop I can say it gets good support from a small community. Their levels can add for many extra hours of fun. The dev themselves have uploaded video tutorials to help people who are interested to making some mods for Wrack.In short:Real oldschool fps fun."
,Recommended,253610,9607213,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MFG38,"Wrack brings back old-school FPS gameplay and combines with arcade-style elements. If you're a fan of either of the two, play this game."
76561197987843932,Recommended,253610,15558667,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,spessu_sb,"The only doom style fps there has been released in years, support it and remember why fast movement speed in fps was so fun."
,Recommended,253610,15243720,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Gativrek,"More people should play this game. Really.If you were a fan of Doom/Quake, you need to give this game a try. It has good pacing, kickass soundtrack, good mechanics, not that good of a story and a stylish antagonist.You can move so fast (and bunnyhop) that you can beat the game in under a hour if you're good enough. There's also score runs, which can lead to doing some pretty neat jumps and chains. There's also secrets in each level, and oh boy those are difficult to find once you get into the Recycling Area.Did i tell you that there's a sword that one-shots pretty much any enemy? Most badass thing ever. You also have a weak pistol, a overpowered shotgun, a machine gun (or pulsar) and a bazooka (yes, you can rocket jump).During the game you can find secrets, most of them giving free score or lives, but some will give +max hp and +max armor.Seriously, give it a try,"
,Recommended,253610,12308853,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mr.Mongoose,"An exceptionally slick example of a modern FPS that has been heavily influenced by the shooter of yester year.There's a level editor included with full steam workshop support that seems to have a strong community behind it delivering fresh content.The game runs beautifully, and the cell-shading visuals look great.My only gripe is the music can be a tad repetitive and as of writing, there isno multiplayercomponent. (Other than leaderboards for time attack and score attack modes.)A game like this seems screams out for some old school deathmatch flavourings.A great buy for the Doom/Quake fans looking for something that will work well on a newer machine."
,Recommended,253610,7921851,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Magic Polygon,"Even with only six levels as of this writing, it is an absolute masterpiece. If you're tired of modern shooters with their regenerating health, 2-weapon limits, and snail's pace movement, this is the game for you. It takes the formula Doom pioneered and vastly improves it, so although it definitely plays very similar to Doom, it's also its own game at the same time.Fun fact: The creator of Wrack also developed Skulltag, a popular source port for Classic Doom. The music is also composed by Bobby Prince, who made the music for Doom 1 and 2!"
,Recommended,253610,8941600,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ZombieTKBahaBSRS!!,"There are games out there that you are not sure if they are good or not.  To be honest I hadn't heard of this game until I read about it ib PC Gamer online.  There opion is that Wrack is the game to watch in 2014.  And after playing it for awhile now I have to say I completely agree!!!!  If you like FPS shooters, with a lot of action and a lot of damage,(You can watch body parts fly around) then this is the game for you.  For 15 bucks you get a solid beta that you can play and enjoy, and updates every 2 weeks making it even better. (They just added rocket launcher jumping)  And if you video stream to a Steam box, it runs very smooth.  So what are you waiting for go Get WRACK!!  Well worth the 15 bucks!!!!Now they have added the finishing touches, and theh game is so much fun!!!  AGAIN I say well woth it for a good shoot up game!!!!"
76561198082438220,Recommended,253610,13100373,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,Great game for fans of classic FPS.Wrack is like and Arcade version of Doom on Acid.Steam Workshop support so get a copy and start mapping!My favorite game indie game of 2014.Be ready for a challenge this game is far from easy.
76561197969417125,Recommended,253610,12582979,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,G00N3R,"Wrack is a fast paced First Person Shooter with old school mechanics. Usually I will really enjoy this kind of game but sadly Wrack is kind of average in all areas.StoryThe story starts off quite interesting. Its set on a future version of Earth where the invention of a Star Trek style replicator has eliminated shortages of food and other resources, resulting in world peace. However, because there is no more military, Earth is vulnerable to alien invasion and your character is the only person who can stop them. Its clear from the character design that the developers intend this to be more of a comedy, and I did find some of the text only dialogue to be amusing.Sadly none of this really has chance to go anywhere, because the game is only around 4 hours long. It turns out this is only ""episode 1"" and it ends on a cliffhanger.GameplayI already said its old school, and that means you regain health by collecting health packs, you can carry all the weapons you find, there is no cover system, and you can quicksave anywhere (there are checkpoints as well). This all matches my preferences.However, the weapons aren't particularly exciting. The biggest disappointment is the plasma rifle - it has some very severe bullet drop, which makes trying to aim at long distance a waste of time and ammo. I spent most of the game using a shotgun with a slow rate of fire, and a pistol that does low damage (but at least it is accurate at long distance). I found a rocket launcher on one of the later levels that is actually quite useful. There's also a sword, but I don't tend to use melee weapons in a shooter unless they have Shadow Warrior style special abilities, which Wrack's doesn't.There are a few different types of enemies, but they don't really do much different tactically outside of ""this one will shoot you from range"" and ""this one will melee you"" - no special abilities. The AI isn't fantastic either, on several occasions one of them would just stand there and let me shoot them 10 times with the pistol without firing back. The bosses are more challenging, but they are the ""learn the repeated attack pattern"" variety, which I'm not a fan of.Level design has some nice use of environmental hazards - crushing walls, lava/acid pits, spike balls - this is probably my favourite part of the game. Other than that its mostly narrow corridors and small rooms. Its not completely linear, but it seems like every objective is ""find the button to lower the forcefield that was blocking your progress"".TechnicalThe cartoonish graphics give Wrack a unique visual style and the music is quite good. I didn't suffer any crashes. Controls are fully rebindable and work fine with mouse and keyboard.Overall recommendationI know this review sounds very negative, but its not a bad game. I've played many that are worse, but it just doesn't live up to the high expectations that I have for the FPS genre. My advice would be to wait and see if the developers release more episodes (at the time of writing, nothing is confirmed), or wait for a sale."
,Recommended,253610,13188877,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Agents Game Power,"The game is great. It's a classic-style FPS in that it requires quick reflexes and quick planning of attacks. I bought Wrack for the gameplay but I stayed for the modding. If you've ever modded for Doom, Quake, or Unreal, you'll be quite at home with WrackEd. Even if you're a total mapping noob you can familiarize yourself with WrackEd in an afternoon."
,Not Recommended,253610,28698062,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Yodzilla,"I get what they were going for with Wrack but I really, really don't enjoy this game. The weapons are bog standard and many just tedious as hell to use. The enemies aren't interesting to fight and there are way too many insta-death hazards. And this is extremely subjective but I also hate the music and find the writing and humor awful.If you want at fast-paced no-frills first person shooter you could probably get some enjoyment from this but it's extremely not my cup of tea and I've certainly drank my fair share of FPS games over the years."
,Recommended,253610,12355761,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,donq,"This game is the quintessential old-school FPS, reborn with modern technology. Huge movement speed, a clean visual style reminiscent of Warsow and tons of enemies. Add a combo system on top and you have a lot of fun, plus an easy to use and powerful map editor makes this the complete package.The only thing to note is that the game is currently (a few days after release) capped at 60fps. This is not a problem if you have a standard monitor, but if you have been using a 120Hz+ monitor and are used to smooth turning, this may annoy you for a while. EDIT: This was changed within a couple of months of release, FPS can now be uncapped. +1 for a developer clearly engaged with their community.A great buy for the price, 10/10 would overused joke again etc."
,Recommended,253610,7853764,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Discord Censors You,"A really fun game for people who want to go back to the old days and say that Modern Military Shooters are for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is still in development and it may still have some issues. I had a problem with the game when i was going to the steam interface multiple times. but i think everything else runs great.but it's not hard to recommend this game, even in it's development stage.It's an amazing experience for anyone who belongs in the classic genre.Now, Do you know where we can get some health packs? Oh! There's one!"
,Recommended,253610,8919079,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Pumpkinhead,I love Wrack!!
,Not Recommended,253610,24150204,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Panos |m3|,"Apologies to the creators of this game, I can tell a lot of heart went into this, but alas, this falls far short of even my most forgiving of expectations...I was looking for just an updated DOOM 1 type game, something reminiscent of HEXEN would have been epic, since their interfaces are all extremely dated.The movement is clunky and the damage/combat interaction is not satisfying, it feels like I'm clicking on an HTML link rather than shooting projectiles.I have no qualms with the environmental graphics, they were an enticing factor that led to my purchase. The NPC graphics felt off tho.The worst part about this game has to be the audio. I feel like it was designed to be minimalistic, but instead it just got annoying rather quickly. Again I apologize to whoever put their energy into creating it, but I'm giving you an honest review and if I'm the only one who feels this way then great! No hard feelings!All in all, it looks like I'll keep looking for that next Chex-Quest thrill."
76561197974919522,Recommended,253610,9986205,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Goser,"Great oldshool fps.Feels like a mix between Quake, Doom, Duke 3d. And also a little bit of Painkiller.The look is more like Borderlands, comic look like but does it job good.It´s still early access but totally worth it!"
,Recommended,253610,18906801,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Orosa,short. fun. replayable. with custom made mods. i feel this game is a hidden gem and needs more people looking at it.
,Recommended,253610,12330607,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,yuru,"Good:- This game is trying (and partly succeeds) to copy oldschool fps gameplay- No regenerating health, low ammo pool, ammo conversation needed- Nice fast movement und crisp controls- Challenging difficulties (even if you have to unlock it first)Bad:- I really hate the artstyle (cellshading, it just looks cheap and lazy)- Enemy design is somewhat unoriginal (few models, often recolored stronger versions)- Very small weapon pool (Sword, Pistol, Shotgun, Plasma, Rocketlauncher)- The sword has a really long windup time, often resulting in a miss- Music seems uninspired generic techno pop, do not like- Forced story (yes you can skip but why even bother?)Really bad:- Killed nemies often explode into robotic gibs, wich are way too many and large resulting in items that lie close by to blend in. This will force you to really pay attention to every step you make if you do not want to miss pickups...Still, there are not many games out there trying to bring the Doom/Quake feel back, so I strongly recommend all fans of this genre to pick it up and give it a try!"
76561198038028308,Recommended,253610,8024926,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,blaze_tecumseh,"Wrack has the potential to become an exceptionally good FPS. Even while it is in Early Access, the gameplay feels solid and compelling. Most of the Early Access games I have encountered in the past have been clunky conglomerations of concepts that never seem to collect themselves into a properly focused game. That is not the case with Wrack. Wrack knows where it wants to go and what it wants to accomplish.I recall one moment in Wrack where I turned a corner in a narrow hallway that opened up into a room that had multiple enemies on elevated platforms trying to blast my face off while I negotiated a way across a precarious lattice of narrow steel catwalks that were surrounded by threateningly open pits of radioactive sludge. If you enjoy do-or-die moments like the one I just described, you'll have fun with Wrack."
76561198044166685,Recommended,253610,9021485,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Paul the Squid,"Awesome music by the great Bobby Prince (person who made Doom's music), high amount of mods that can be used in this game like Doom so there's no end to the amount of customisation that can be applied to this game, and since it's currently in beta, it just keeps getting more better and more fun. Anyone who has clearly played the fast-paced FPS games back in the 1990's will appreciate this game, although I suggest that people who have not played those to try this out or watch videos of it before deciding to buy this game. If you like the look of this game, try it out. If it's not your thing, then you don't have to buy it."
,Recommended,253610,12836104,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tygaar,"Wrack is a great game for people who love the classic FPS games like DOOM and Quake, it also has a mix of Mega Man! The music, level design, and the gameplay are amazing. The game is very action packed which also brings hours of fun! For the price, it was worth buying it."
,Recommended,253610,8470392,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shazam,Really great game. The devs have done an incredible job giving their fans the arcade-stayle FPS experience they promise with this game
,Recommended,253610,8133023,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cydran,"This is such a brilliant game that is inspired by some of the older fast-paced FPS including the Quake series. Does everything right, great level design, the weapons feel magnificant. It's based in a futuristic world where peace has ensued for a very long time, but then someone decides to disturb the peace by attacking with robots and aliens (not gonna detail it a whole lot with names, locations and whatnot). I could say it is Quake in the future but there are quite a lot of differences to actually officially name it that. The graphics style has been seen before with the bold outline and all but the artstyle is quite interesting and will keep you surprised. Many people are claiming the movement feels too fast but in my own opinion, the level is designed with fast-paced movement in mind and it compliments each other respectively. Something that really shines in this game is the boss battles, which thus far has been superb.The only thing I need to really point out is the fact that on the episode select screen, the second and third episodes are greyed out and after both of them is the horrific words we all hate -- ""DLC"". The team has explained that they are very small and require the money but if anything, let us hope that these episodes would be reasonably cheap and/or have a great amount of quality content in them.All in all, this is a very interesting game and reminds me of Quake and Doom greatly. Glad to have bought it and I would recommend this to anyone who loved Quake."
76561197971884386,Recommended,253610,12307821,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Vormulac,Do you miss the days of the old run'n'guns?  Do you like racking up kills for combos and millions of shiny points and extra lives?  Then buy this game. Simple as that.
,Not Recommended,253610,31765625,Posted: 15 May,all,ＰＲＩＴＣＨＡＲＤ,Can be beaten in about three hours. Decent gameplay let down by terrible level design near the end and a general lack of content.
,Recommended,253610,8196140,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,X-O Manowar,"Even for a beta, this is a very polished product! While I haven't played much Wolfenstien or Doom, I think the developers have done a fantastic job finding a sweet spot that appeals to both fans of retro and modern shooters. Really liked the comic-book aesthetic as well.I can't recommend this enough and I eagerly await the final version!"
,Recommended,253610,7891535,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Pwny,"It is everything I have ever wanted from a doomlike FPS. Pick it up, it's dirt cheap and worth it."
76561198007407490,Recommended,253610,12358814,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Gsiebret,Faster. Harder. Oldschool.If these words fit on your favourite game - buy this piece of art immediately and enjoy your new addiction!
,Not Recommended,253610,24368362,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,CONIN,"When I bought this game, my expectations went a little high after reading the description and unconsciously I began expecting something pretty different from what the game actually is.As soon as you start playing, the facts stated on the ""Key Features"" and ""Reviews"" (at the game's store page on Steam) vanish and fade away until you are left alone playing a not brilliant game that becomes quite boring and dull after a few minutes of gameplay.The game lacks that special something that makes you keep on playing from start to finish with the same interest you have when buying and playing something new; I kept on playing only because of my obsesive disorder, so I had to finish the game to satisfy my obsesion, and not because of the game itself.At the end, the only two things I liked about the game are: the cartoon-like visuals, and the fact that a soundtrack is included, but even the soundtrack is somewhat on the mediocre side, but I can't complain further since it comes on both Mp3 and FLAC.PROS:- Colourful cartoon-like graphics.- Includes it's soundtrack in FLAC.CONS:- Gets boring pretty soon.- Some enemies look lame.- Lots of characters lack design.- It's even worse than John Romero's Daikatana."
,Recommended,253610,11077460,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dae[Nab],...is actually awesome on a boomstick.
,Recommended,253610,7818778,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Corom - 8/25/17 </3,Liked Doom? Like cel-shading? Like running around at breakneck speeds? Like a bada$$ soundtrack? Well Wrack's the game for you!PS. The guy who made Wrack's music also made Doom's music.
,Recommended,253610,12311784,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The Sneaky Russian,This game is great... Dare i say te best shooter since Quake 2?! Oldskool as ♥♥♥♥ and seiously good fun chaining those kills together. Couldnt be happier with my purchase. :-)
,Recommended,253610,7778877,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[TPU]TIGGER,"Awesome, buy this game NOW"
,Recommended,253610,12176421,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Opthicc wubstep,this is the closet game to an old schoo shooter you can find on steamBUY IT NOW!!!!
76561198032141646,Recommended,253610,20331279,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Syndrom69,its short but fun. replayable. with custom made mods.a bunch of nice and good wepons...ho and have leaderboards if whant to take it more seriuous...i like the so i recomend to my all friends :D
76561198086867262,Recommended,253610,9828491,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[SUPER-REDACTED],"I have found a lot of joy with this game. Its visual style is interesting and unique, and you can clearly see enemies. The guns, for the most part, feel good. The Pulse is somewhat laking of any oomph, but that is certainly made up for with the shotgun. However, there are some negatives. If you aren't used to the fast-paced style of gameplay, then you will initially suffer from some nausea. I did when I began playing. The gameplay itself is well polished, especially for an early access game. Know that this certainly is a game that is built to appeal to those that grew up on retro fps', so if those kinds of games aren't your style, then you will most likely dislike this game. But if you do, then it will not disappoint. I am interested to see what more they will do with their product. Fingers crossed."
,Recommended,253610,15687961,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ForcesOfOdin,"Good developers love their games and that's exemplified by a patch for Wrack. The creators loves their game, to this day play their game ( I see on of the creators in Wrack all the time on steam!), and still patches the game. Maybe you should try the darn game! No honestly, it's quite good.The game is steeped in old school glory, but is not confined to emulating other games. Wrack is not Doom, it's Wrack, and that's awesome. The game play is in the vein of old school FPS, what we get here is FAST, smooooth, and intense. The enemies often litter the screen, with different types of monsters intermingling into veritable swarms of deadly goodness that you will circle strafe and juke around at a constant 60fps. There's also an interesting score mechanic that revolves around kiting enemies into situations where you can kill lots of them quickly, keeping the combo timer going means minimizing the time in between kills. The timer seems a bit harsh, but it's all doable and you can check the leader boards top player's game play videos within the game to give you an idea of how you might increase your score. The old school vibes extend to the level design which are huge, filled with keys and switches, and of course, secrets! TONS of secrets you'll be struggling to find for a long long time. For my personal preferences I felt the levels to be a little tough to navigate but when you hit a switch that powers a far away door they at least show you where that door was cutting out some of the monotonous guess work of older games. Setting wrack apart from games of our generation and past is the exquisite polish you'll find in every aspect of the game.The art direction is insane, from menu to in game everything looks amazing, and fits within this new Wrack universe. The music also, is some of the more memorable music I've heard in a game in a long long time. I'm a huge fan of video game music, and this material really stood out to me. The melodies are sometimes reminiscent of old school tunes, but in a way that like the game, is fresh and unique. I can't stress enough that the game plays smoothly, I tried hard to find glitches and areas with frame drop and it just doesn't. Solid 60 fps everywhere no matter what you're doing.The leaderboards are a cool feature, the ability to watch the game play of leaderboard top scores is even cooler, but the built in workshop content is what'll keep most players coming back after they beat the hell out of the main campaign. There is the obligatory doom level recreations on the workshop but I'm more excited for what the modding community brings in terms of original wrack levels. Anyways, if you like old school, if you like polish, you should check out wrack. Especially while it's on sale in a humble bundle.Even AAA games aren't coming out as complete as Wrack is, and you gotta respect that a small team can deliver such high quality content. Check it out!"
,Not Recommended,253610,14426005,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lt. Don Draper,"It's a FPS with a arcade-like feel. Points are awarded for combos, get to the end of the level. Storyline fits but is nothing special.It is okay.Note how every review has essentially a 3 hour average.I can't see myself playing it for too long, it's very repetitive and the combos are only rewarding if you know where every-single enemy is; and you only get one special shot as reward for the combo (meaning if you cleared the area, you have a useless strong bullet which will fade before the next area). Interesting art style.Also, the camera is very wobbily, but you can turn that off.It's an okay game. I don't recommend buying it though."
,Recommended,253610,8551171,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Miss Anthrope,Wrack has a very fun style to it that reminds me of borderlands or the wacky designs of Ape Escape witht he corridor shooty feel of Doom or Duke Nukem. Definitely great fun for the old school style FPS players.
76561198056255795,Recommended,253610,11841345,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Biowarfare,Yes yes yes. Blood guns and insane speed. Best game ive played in awhile. Odschool runnin and gunnin. Very actiony very great. If you didnt like the game there is seriously something wrong with your brain.
,Recommended,253610,10732566,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vito,"Great! Level design reminds me of FPS classics like Doom and Duke Nukem 3D, mixed with aesthetics of Borderlands."
76561197982968927,Recommended,253610,8467764,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Game Geezer,"This game is Worthy with a capitol ""W""!I have been gaming since 1976, so, longer than most gamers have been alive. Since 1996 there has been no game I have played more than Doom, Doom 2 and Final Doom. I have a collection of over 25,000 Pwads and TC's.So in short, I know a good old school FPS when I play one.Thank God for the people at Final Boss! This is the best Doom Type game since ""Psycho Circus!"" While I liked Serious Sam, it just lacked. It didn't take itself seriously enough.If you're an old school FPS gamer this game is a MUST HAVE!Wet-behind-the-ears Llama's that grew up with, and can only play with 'Call of Battlefield' binkies need not apply."
76561198095895433,Recommended,253610,33089813,Posted: 1 July,all,SeriousTime,"Obviously, this game is inspired from the amazing game Doom. This game throws you into nostalgia, with its direct action, fast pacing, rocket jumping and little interest in story. I'm not saying the story is bad, but I finished the game without even knowing it, because it was presented only at intermissions, so you can just bust into action without any disturbance during the gameplay.The game has other aspects, including combo killing, that makes you hungry for blood, even risking your life just to increase the combo meter.If you want an FPS game with well designed maps, fun fast paced action and a new style of graphics, choose this game."
76561197999884533,Recommended,253610,21839462,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sir Bromeo,"This game gives me the nostalgic doom feeling with a sense of refinement, but it's not quite there yet. Something feels off, but the nostalgia the music and gameplay gives me helps me overlook the shortcomings. I haven't played through all of the game simply because I'm not as impressed as I thought I would be. If you were a doom fan and like the idea of chaining combos, you might love this game, but don't expect to be blown away"
,Recommended,253610,23105384,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,me,"+Controls are extremely responsive+Weapons feel powerful+Combo system feels awesome+Total invincibility is a matter of skill because only the sniper enemy type has a hitscan weapon, and even he has to charge up his shot and gives away a distinct warning signal while doing so.+buttery smooth on old hardware (1080p 60 FPS on Phenom II X4 965 (4x3,4 GHz), HD7850 (2GB GDDR5))*Cel-Shading graphics are a matter of taste, I didn't like them but that doesn't mean you won't like them either.*A story is being told, though it's never in the focus of the game. If you search for a narrative-driven game, this isn't it.*Workshop support and modtools (are not being listed as + because custom content is not the developers' achievement)-Score system and extra lives are only important on the highest diff. grade due to quicksaving/-loading being disabled.-Combos turn the Shotgun into an almighty murder machine-Very few enemy types, most of which look almost identical (same models recolored)-Only 5 Weapons total in the game - Sword, Pistol, Shotgun, Automatic Rifle, Rocket LauncherI am unable to pinpoint the exact issue, but somehow to me the game felt boring after just over half an hour of playtime.Still, refunds are a thing now. You can at least give the game a chance."
,Recommended,253610,14671656,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sppaeh.?,"A good, fun FPS game. There's only a handful of guns but they all have their purpose and I found myself switching between depending on the enemy type I was facing. The movement is nice and fast, which is nice after frstratingly slow movement in the last few FPS games I've played. The story about 2 hours but with many deaths and alternate modes, when I finally beat it my total playtime was just over 6. The graphics are nice, though the final release causes my framerate to go down the drain (which is most likely just due to my computer) so to finish I had to get a mod to dumb down the graphics which disabled the achievements, some of these looked pretty fun to try. Also, the music is pretty amazing."
,Recommended,253610,12403706,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MysticLabia.com,if doom had border land graphics
,Recommended,253610,8888065,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Res,"The initial TotalBiscuit video pushed me away from this, but when I saw the constant updates and large content change between now and TB's video I had to try it out. Honestly currently it's an exceptionally fun little with the feel of XIII into a fast paced blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything game. I'd say pick it up."
,Recommended,253610,12323883,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ruc0,"Yeah, its what your first thoughts were when you first saw the gameplay trailer autoplay on steam,Doom and Borderlands just had a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome baby!!"
,Recommended,253610,21637860,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mount C,"This has everything that made FPSs awesome back in the day: Fast-paced action, satisfying gun damage, and awesome music! Topped off with well animated cel-shaded graphics, this game is just awesome!"
,Not Recommended,253610,32824526,Posted: 26 June,all,𝕒 𝕟 𝕘 𝕖 𝕣 𝕪,"Pros:Soundtrack and gameplay are top-notch. The inclusion of a map editor is generous, and the few maps by the community I've played are also pretty good.Cool story and personality.Amazing animations, except for one enemy that sticks out like a sore thumb. It has the most basic walking animation you can find, as opposed to the, again, personality and quality to everything else.I love cel-shading.Cons:Short game. There's only one episode. If you're only going to make one, don't name the levels 'E1L1' and so forth, that makes it seem like it's unfinished (which it is) and now the dev team's making a new game. (???)Few community mods and maps. Also those are mostly unfinished. Seems like there's a trend going on.Weird pacing. The late-game bosses are♥♥♥♥♥clenchingly hard even on the easiest difficulty, but all of the regular enemies are easy, taking 1-4 pistol shots and then gibbing.Except for the railgun lizards and giant robots eating all of my rockets up like Little Debbie's Nutty Bars, and then instakilling me.Checkpoint system and loading times that take an eternity (I timed it: forty-one seconds.) There is quicksaving, but there's only one slot, and it pauses the game, like saving is a big task you need to take time for.Only five weapons. They're pretty interesting, but I'd like a little more variety.I know this is a small irk, but after every boss is defeated, music plays, but at the end of it the main character gestures with his fist, communicating, 'alright! I did it!' ...Shouldn't he have done that DURING the celebration music? lolOverall: I'd only recommend it if it's on sale, which I got it for $2.00."
,Recommended,253610,8911045,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Stay At Home Dad,hehe
76561197973694731,Recommended,253610,18447740,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,RetroGamingFool,"Super fun 1st person shooter. Plays with fast pacing like DOOM, has a combo chain score system like BULLETSTORM, and boss battles like PAINKILLER. Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,253610,28990306,Posted: 3 January,all,InhalerOfMoistMeals,"The slippery movement doesn't work with all the lavapits.The HUGE viewmodels of the guns don't work with enemies and other hazards being all around you. You really can't see anything, even the pistol is huge.The chain kill system doesn't work with secrets, as the feature doesn't encourage you to explore, but rather to rush through the level. But then again the levels look and feel really repetetive so maybe that helps hide that.The soundtrack, while not awful is pretty boring after a while.Cutscenes and all that in a wannabe oldschool shooter? Bugger off. At least they're skippable.The pool of enemies contains all your favourites, like little meelee thing, guy with gun, guy with bigger gun, flying thing that shoots, the creativity knows no boundaries here.And the weapons to shoot them with, oh boy, finally something new.There are so many better little timewasters out there, get those instead."
76561198028651970,Recommended,253610,28726172,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,comrad_gremlin,"Wrack is a first-person single-player shooter. The game is really fast-paced and in fact encourages you to kill enemies quickly: one of the core mechanics is a combo meter: you get combo by killing enemies. By doing longer combos, you get stronger attacks and extra lives.Pros:-	Guns are well implemented, weapons are awesome and the effects are great-	Dynamic gameplay, the game is very fast paced and it just feels right-	Good interface polishing, the messages are very clear and the effects are awesome-	Challenging difficulty (in a good way). You’ll die, but it never feels like the game cheated you, more like you were just making a mistake. You’ll die, but it feels rewarding to finish levels.-	Music is pretty decentCons:-	Obviously, lack of multiplayer. The game would have been great to play against friends.-	Not much variety of enemies-	Enemy animations are somewhat crude-	Cannot skip boss cutscenes (bad for multiple boss retries).-	Combo System is interesting, but I don’t feel that it happens as often as necessary (sometimes enemies feel too spread out or I’m just very slow, so take this point with a grain of salt)-	Too many instadeath hazards. I get it, sometimes it is necessary, but this feels a bit overboard.Here's my full review/gameplay video if anyone's willing to dig deeper:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-0e8hAxa2U"
76561197992063877,Recommended,253610,7716102,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,JNS,"A MUST HAVE for all fans of old-school FPS like Doom, Duke Nukem 3D and Quake! The Devs are realy nice and care for any bugs and are in constant communication with the community!"
76561198013026902,Recommended,253610,29237253,Posted: 13 January,all,The Jaguar,"This game seems like a throwback to the early days of FPS games.  And I love it.  Some of the boss fights are aggravating...until you learn the pattern and tactics needed to win.  It even boasts arcade-style scoring with bonuses for kill streaks and the like.  The visuals are colorful and fun.  And, of course, there are secrets to be found...some of them in plain sight but just out of reach (""Now, if I could only figure out how to get up on that ledge!"")."
76561198019557045,Recommended,253610,20541113,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,A.G.B.,"Pros: Feels like a 90's FPS. Fast. Cool, cel-shaded graphics. Awesome, intense and varied boss battles. Will challenge you, regardless of how experienced you are with FPS'. Reasonably replayable. Almost 50 mods/levels, and they're great, often better than the main content.Cons: Chaining is only a so-so system. Uninspired and limited content. Repetitive and boring action. Meh level design. The extra modes are barely different from the regular play.My recommendation: If a lot of the mods sound fun to you, consider getting it. Otherwise, you're better off playing a 90's FPS."
,Recommended,253610,12310834,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,interesting Output,"The futuristic feel and the Doom-like level design, along with the introduction of killstreaks and combos, as well as  leaderboards for most score and fastest times. It would be wrong to say it entices newcomers to play fast.Get the feel for the levels first, then go wild! See how fast you can push those levels! See how high you can get your score for the level!And make stuff from the Workshop to tortu--er, show off your designs to the world!It's been a long journey from early access, but Wrack feels right... right here, right now."
,Recommended,253610,8550034,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mawd,I haven't had this much fun in a SP shooter since Half Life 2 and Dark Forces.
,Recommended,253610,20184921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,unusualGuy,"+Runs well+Satisfying gameplay+Good music+Good video options+Achievements+Full Controller Support (played with Xbox One controller)+Trading Cards+Workshop+Steam Cloud+Level EditorBought on sale, but worth full price."
76561198043471187,Recommended,253610,12745574,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pacmikey,"Has issues, but it's still a good game."
,Recommended,253610,12391993,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,James CyberLink,"Trust me, this game is arguably the best Doom/Quake/Mega Man combo ever made. If even a fraction of your heart is devoted to video games people, you MUST play Wrack."
,Recommended,253610,28768245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Murkie csgoroll.com,"Intro: ""Oh I see how this works, this is like borderlands, Serious Sam, and DOOM combined!""First boss: ""This is so ♥♥♥♥ing easy... maybe I should have made it harder!""Second Boss: ""♥♥♥♥ OFF ROCKET BASTION!"""
,Recommended,253610,9493718,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sakerr1,"I like the way the game is and it makes it feel more like an old school game like quake, doom, unreal, and other games. The only problem I have with it is that it freezes up for about a sec everytime which I can understand why the game is early access right now but so far awesome game will give it about 9.5 out of 10 right now and hopefully the next update can fix my problem.Edit: It fully works now so check it out. It's by the people who killed off skulltag but still a great game."
76561198043108578,Recommended,253610,9189288,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,PewPewPew,I only recommend this game if you want a solid QUAKE/UNREAL clone that focuses only on single player gameplay. While the old time Arcade high score table is dated its seems that is all the devs want to put into this game. Not understanding that what made the two games they are cloning great was blasting your friends face off not beating a high score or your fastest time. But it is still a solid game.
,Recommended,253610,12317008,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cyanity,"I've only played through a few levels so far, but this game has hooked me big time. Has that perfect balance of movement speed and weapon variation that were staples in the 90's era shooter genre, like Quake, Doom (of course), etc. I suggest turning the difficulty all the way up for the best experience (chest hair growth potential side effect)"
,Recommended,253610,16039733,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Akselmo,"A fun, simple FPS that has an excellent colorful artstyle, fun combo mechanics and fast paced movement. Dialogue gave me a few chuckles.If you enjoy just shooting things without remorse and love colorful stuff, this is a pretty good game for that.Only bad things are that the AI isn't very clever and the music is a bit bland. I also hate the whole ""you got X lives left."" It just doesn't fit in a FPS."
76561197972899537,Recommended,253610,13165622,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Qube,Fast paced arcade shooter.This genre has been rather stagnant for a while which Wrack fills in very nicely.
,Recommended,253610,9444900,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,demsix,"Only just started playing and already having a ton of fun. Seriously, Doom II, Quake, Painkiller and Serious Sam on their respective ""Nightmare"" difficulties are the greatest SP FPS games ever. This game appears to mostly take from Doom, due to its movement and level design, and there are lots of enemies each with their own mechanics. I'm not very far, but if the first level has 2 bosses like that, I can't wait to see what else the game (And community!) throws at me.My only request is centered viewmodels."
,Recommended,253610,28420922,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rowsdower,"This game is an old school shooter in the vein of DOOM (the original not the one that came out in 2016). The maps are maze based and there are ammo and health pickups and no reloading. While there are only 8 levels (as far as I know there is no secret one) it still is a pretty fun game with some flaws.Story:You play as Kain; some guy who I guess was an ex-soldier. After the creation of a device that gives perpetual energy, Earth (or whatever planet they live on) is peaceful and the military is dismantled. Unfortunately the Earthlings did not take into account aliens who do not have perpetual energy invading. Not very smart. So basically Kain is the only person who can stop them. Your friends are some pretty boy named Fabian and some chick named Starlyn who is not your girlfriend but she thinks she is. I would like to mention now that it is pretty obvious that this game is unfinished. The levels are named after episodes like DOOM (ex. E1M1) for episode 1 mission 1. In the games files there are folders for episodes 2 and 3. The story's endingBasically Starlyn gets kidnapped, big surprise, and Kain chooses to stop the aliens from stealing the perpetual energy core instead of saving her but ends up falling short on that too. So he hitches a ride on one of the alien’s ships to go after them and solemnly says that he will never see his friends or family again. What a bummer. Also there is this subplot about the villain supplying the aliens with robot support (EXO) wanting revenge.Unfortunately because the game was not finished the game's story is what I described in the spoiler.Gameplay:The main gimmick of this game is the combo system. Basically you can combo your kills. It works pretty well and it was really fun getting large combos. However one of the main problems I had with the game is that they did not give you enough ammo. It is always out of the way instead of in your path so you probably won’t pick it up. There are only 2 weapons good for combos, the shotgun and the bazooka. Bazooka ammo is pretty rare but you never have enough shotgun ammo. DOOM gave you alot of ammunition. The pulsar weapon has a small combo window for some reason. Doesn't matter because you hardly get ammo for that. Later on in addition to lava you are given red spiked balls that will result in instant death. They were only a nuisance instead of something that challenged me and often I would bump into one and die. Also some secrets require you to make precise jumps over pits of lava. The lava makes me so nervous that I end up falling in. It is not really fun to miss one and then have to restart from a checkpoint on harder difficulties.The enemies are a bit lackluster. The Aracturans are pretty generic and only stand there and fire. The red Aracturan is the most interesting one because he fires a rail gun so you have to change your strategy with him. The robots are pretty cool even though they are weak with the exception of the large red one. But these enemies play well to the combo system so maybe it was on purpose. The bosses are excellent. They are though enough and they require quick movements and dodges. The music is also very good and was done by Bobby Prince, the composer for DOOM.Despite all this I can honestly say that this was a fun game to play. Even though the game has 8 levels it still runs OK with some unexplained crashes that are not game breaking. I really wish that this game had 3 episodes because it is still a really fun game. The only thing I would change in this game is the amount of ammo you are given. Give more and have ammo pack upgrades so you can carry more.BTW play this game at its lowest settings and the graphics will look like DOOM (the original not the ""remake"")."
,Recommended,253610,33266970,Posted: 5 July,all,Kuruku,"Feels like Borderlands and Doom had a child together.It's really awesome, i love the simple and old school design with all the Doom elements and animations!Like a modern Doom. It's fast, and easy. And your enemies explode into a rain of blood and gore/robo stuff. I like that.Only the Story is a bit ... meh?"
76561197970739339,Recommended,253610,18574147,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"A deliberate throwback to the 90s style of FPS, with fast player movement, no reloading, rocket jumping, loads of secret areas, numerical health and armor and fast-paced music, courtesy of Doom's own Bobby Prince, as well as a plot that's juuuust thin enough to hold everything together without getting in the way of the action. Wrack has only four weapons: a Pistol, Shotgun, Pulse Rifle and Rocket Launcher, but they are enough for the task at hand. The game makes use of a unique combo system that allows each to to fire a powerful ""finisher"" if you get 3 or more kills in quick succession. Wrack rewards the twitchy shooter in much the same way as its predecessors, and has an eye-catching color palette and cel-shading, setting it apart from say, Quake and Hard Reset. It is regrettably short, comprising only the first ""episode"" of what seems to be a planned series, ending on a glaring cliffhanger, but the game does feature a level editor and Steam Workshop support, which has resulted in such gems as the entire first episode of Doom recreated. There is no multiplayer mode however, an odd omission for a game of this subgenre."
,Recommended,253610,16178898,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mariokartmoney,"TL;DR If you like the old-school Doom games, the Serious Sam series, or Duke Nukem 3D, Wrack is the game for you.The Good:*This is one of the best old-school FPS I've ever played. Seriously, it rivals the Brutal Doom Plutonium Pak.*The graphics are amazing, it's like ""Doom meets Mega Man meets Jet Set Radio""*The combo chain system encourages fast-paced decision making*The writing is quick and witty and unforgivingly self-referential.The Bad:*The enemy variety is seriously lacking. There are only about 5 different types of common enemies.*There are way too many instadeath hazards. The lack of checkpoints compounds this issue further.*Level 3-4 combo chains are neigh-impossible to attain with some weapons due to their damage and/or fire rate.*Kain runs too fast for his own good, this WILL lead to unwarranted deaths.If you like the old school first-person shooters, you will love this game, no questions asked. If you're more into COD or Battlefield or CS:GO or even first-person RPGs like Fallout or Borderlands, you might want to skip this game or wait for a sale."
,Recommended,253610,30043005,Posted: 19 February,all,Open World Gfx Afficienado [sic],"Fun movement and shooting. Very short (like one episode of Doom/Quake), but it's cheap enough to not matter too much."
,Recommended,253610,33052249,Posted: 30 June,all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,"Reminds me of the good old days of hopping on Doomseeker to pop open the Skulltag only to play in servers that ran Action Doom and such. The graphics are really good, the engine reminds me of GZDoom with Quake's camera tilt and the fun factor is up there with many games of my past. I look for the day this great team makes a new game or better yet: A sequel."
,Recommended,253610,29477871,Posted: 24 January,all,It's Magic Bee,Old school and hectic. This is the 90s in a modern cell shaded skin.
,Recommended,253610,12380781,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[M4tth2w],10/10 nostalgia and rage inducing when you're about to finish the level or have done a section and then get killed 4 times :D
,Recommended,253610,15458721,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Good game. I really wished a keycard mechanic was implemented like doom rather than buttons. Also they probably would have  made a bigger profit making this game an identical clone to doom. I've personally put over 100 hours into doom (keep in mind I played it for the first time when I turned 24 - 2014) and would have easily played this game for 100 hours if it were an exact clone of doom. When I played doom(also expansions and doom2) I went out and purchased all the games made with the original doom engine and also got this game because when I googled similiar games to the original doom this game popped up. The graphics are good but I would prefer old school graphics any day if it had tons of levels and doom gameplay. lol I am a hardcore doom fan. lol
,Recommended,253610,17585184,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Gypopothomas,Brilliant old school FPS. No time wasted on silly things like narrative. You have guns and feet! Run and shoot! The best FPS since sliced Doom.
,Recommended,253610,17266527,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Kimo,"Great action shooter FPS. I like how this shooter goes back to the roots of FPS where you run around and had crazy movement speed, this one is exactly this, no BS just run and gun shooter"
,Recommended,253610,17310193,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,MahtXL,"So much blood and flying body parts, you wont be able to see where you are running at break neck speed.das ghude."
,Recommended,253610,18543007,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bumbo-Shpee,"Gotta say, this game really does bring that old DOOM-esque feeling back to the FPS genre. Anyone who misses that feeling should seriously consider getting this game. Let's face it, it's pretty much modern Doom. It has a few flaws, yes, but they aren't too major imho. Hard, awesome, and not to mention has a badass soundtrack to boot, i highly recommend this game.10/10 Would wrack again."
,Not Recommended,253610,12308611,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,<><><><>,"This review is on the 1.0 release. (Played on Hardcore, Only partway through the game).So, I've played what I need to play. I've seen all I need to see. My honest thoughts are that this game is not worth it at all.I came into this game with a lot of hype. A LOT. I was convinced that this was going to be the next Doom, or something like that. What I got was something far off from that. A few complaints I had before (head bob, etc.) have been smoothed out now, but I just can't recommend it.The shotting in the game is fine, but some weapons truly♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. The bazooka's explosions are very underwhelming and small, but if you're even close to the blast, it'll basically kill you. Rocket jumping is basically out of the question.The level design is all so similar. Same kinds of levels, all homogenized into one blur that seems just like one 3 hour level. There is almost no variation in the nine levels. The game is still short; playing for an hour has gotten me over half the game.The quicksaving is still an issue, because the only time the quicksaving properly works, is when you play on Casual or easier, which doesn't really make sense because you will never need quicksaving on those lower difficulties anyway. The game is also too easy. Playing on Hardcore is almost like a cakewalk. Other than cheap deaths and floor hazards, expect not to die at all. The soundtrack is easily forgettable. I remember most of the music in Doom. Not this. Last, but definitely not least, the game is not even finished in 1.0. The cutscenes aren't done for the barely relevant story.I don't see why people are♥♥♥♥♥kissing this game so much. While I can enjoy this game for a solid 5 minutes or so, this isn't the next great game.(I have not finished the game, will try to finish and polish up review.)"
,Recommended,253610,19085658,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dildaddy™,"Eh, this game is alright.I say alright because, even though the art style and music are awesome, the gameplay and gunplay being akin to a classic shooter and being incredibly optimized; I just couldn't get the appeal of this game.Does it make it bad? No! Wrack is fun, but it does feel weird when playing and you might be a little dissapointed with what the game offers at times.I'd pick this up when it's dirt cheap, because I did."
,Recommended,253610,7650786,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Its slang for steal.
,Not Recommended,253610,14123006,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chef Excellence,"If you compare Wrack to, say, Doom—which is about all you can do, it basically *is* Doom with different textures—then it's all right I suppose. When compared to pretty much any FPS to have happened since then, it wilts.Maybe that's not fair...Wrack adds a few extra ideas to the Doom wheelhouse of shoddy AI, exploding barrels, and protracted games of Hunt the Button—mainly in the guise of kill combos and fiddly-but-not-terribly-effective finishing moves. I guess the idea is you're meant to dispense with the tactical play and just charge in willy-nilly, but that as a strategy is so much less effective than the time-honored corner-cover/dodge two-step that those mechanics won't see much use. Movement is loose and floaty, which makes the relatively frequent platforming sections over lava or toxic waste a real hoot and yes I was being sarcastic just there.Like Doom, enemies and environments are pretty samey. Through the first three levels I encountered your basic spider-bot things, two or three varieties of anthropomorphic lizard with guns, and a smattering of boss robots. Maybe it gets more interesting later on. Maybe the between-level cut scenes' text provides some layer of story or flavor I missed out on by frantically mashing Esc as soon as it came up, but I can only cringe so much before my face starts to cramp.I can't help but feel like Wrack is trying to do the Borderlands thing, where the game's too busy telling you how awesome you are to ever get around to giving you anything to do that is actually awesome. Or even all that interesting. Pretty much every activity you undertake in Wrack results in a vaguely comic-styled bit of text pops up on the screen telling you how amazing you were for doing it (GOOD! NICE! AWESOME!). Maybe they're trying to pump you up or something, but a game that won't let you kill an enemy without praising you effusively reads less like ""rollicking good time"" than ""desperate sycophant"".It's not bad; it's just not all that good, either. If you're super into the Id/3D Realms era of FPS, you'll probably love it. Otherwise, wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,253610,22883999,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Tegiminis,"This game desperately wants to be Doom, but fails really badly at it."
,Recommended,253610,28584968,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,mr.Catfish,"a nice quakey and doomy game, if you can't afford the Doom reboot, this game is for you."
76561198197104813,Not Recommended,253610,21492603,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ham #TF2SP,"What can I say about this crappy game?The level design is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, the enemies are unbalanced and moronic, the weapons are sort of fun, but ultimately under whelming. They try to introduce some story, but it's all ham fisted and dull. The characters are unlikeable and bland, and you don't get any type of back story for anyone.Boss fights are a dull chore, like most of the game in general.Not to mention the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥saving system it includes. To think they tried to consider this game close to old school is a shame.The only thing in this game I don't hate, is the heart. It's pretty damn obvious this game is made by people who made were fans of games like Doom, Quake, and unreal tournament, but it just feels like they based their impressions of the games first level and nothings else.Hell, they even got Bobby Prince to do the soundtrack, the same guy who did the soundtrack for doom. That being said, it's about the only thing done well.No thought or structure in this game, all the enemy placements are♥♥♥♥♥♥You'd be better off just picking up a copy of DooM and downloading some wads, that'd be far more enjoyable and cheaper.I would rather play Duke Nukem Forever. Let that sink in a minute."
76561197971673966,Not Recommended,253610,22931709,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tuze,"The game tries to be a retro shooter, the likes of doom / wolfenstein / blake stone. It's not a fun game though imo. The movement is different, it feels like it has some acceleration / deceleration that doesn't feel natural. It's trying too hard to feel like quake type movement, only by coming off far far worse.I hate to say this because I have respect for the guy's previous work on blake stone/planet strike, doom games and wolfenstein 3d. Bobby Prince's tunes in this game just doesn't come off very nice to me. I haven't played many levels in the game so maybe some other levels might have better music, but I from early levels the sound/tone of guitar sounds very VST-ish, and not very authentic. I'm sure it doesn't help the case much when the game itself feels bad, but regardless I feel it could've been better maybe.The gun play / damaging of enemy doesn't feel significant, maybe the graphical response doesn't cut it.. I shoot enemy and unless he takes a killing blow / dies there's really not much reaction from enemy. You can tear enemy to gibs yes, but when they are alive they feel like brick walls, it doesn't feel like you're shooting another being of flesh (even if they're surrounded by layer of armor), it just is very bad.The reason I'm coming down on this game is because it reminded me of some old good games. Unreal 2 and Quake 2, both games which I think have far greater singleplayer campaign and experience than this game. The story telling in this game is bad, the mechanics/feel of gunplay is bad, the movement is bad, the music could be somewhat better. The platforming was the last nail on the coffin for me. I have 2d platformer games I can play if I want to play platforming games, but why should I do that sort of stuff on a 3d game, where platforming is not as nearly as rewarding or satisfying for me? There 2 mentioned games unreal and quake, they don't have the ammount of platforming this game has. They don't encourage the player to save scumming in-case of failed jump and fall to lava pit. Not even doom 1 and 2 had that many places where you could not get out with a secret or teleport, not many places where you would die without escape if you fell.It did remind me of unreal 2 and quake 2, mainly because I really rather play those two games instead of this. Begs to question, maybe this game could've been better if it didn't try to do everything at once (score system from wolf3d/bstone, movement from quake, platforming, metroidvania room clearing, sidescrolling bosses). It just isn't a very good game."
,Recommended,253610,22463064,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sockbear,"goodest game ever, i love how complete it is, i love how polished it is AND OF COURSE, HOW ORIGINAL IT IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!11!1!1111. and just because of the beautiful, selfless man who made it, Brad Carney, i give thy an 11/10"
,Recommended,253610,12035493,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Game On 95,"This Game is marvelous, and thats saying alot seeing as it is in Beta ! It really feels like you are playing Doom or Duke Nukem, hell all the assets are right there, with some minor puzzels in the way. I enjoyed this game alot, although i am still stuck on the 7th world boss... he's a tricky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If you have $15.00 and want some good ol' FPS fun than this is the game for you. Don't forget to visit the workshop as well, I could have sworn i'd seen some Doom Textures for the game that someone made."
,Recommended,253610,21714741,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Rynoknarr14,An Arcade Shooter With Attitude Get It.
,Not Recommended,253610,16771000,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,UltimateDoomGuy,"Nothing like your 90's shooter.First of all, if you're a big fan of Doom, and you're looking for a game in a new generation of shooters with a 90's playstyle, this will not be the game for you; Try Rise of the Triad or Serious Sam.I know that all these people are boasting that this game will statisfy the nostalgic memories of fragging demons on Mars that you probably have, and I supose I can see where they're coming from with the gamescore gameplay, but the fast paced run 'n gun action that's somewjhat present in the game does not make up for the overall poor design of every other aspect.If you're curious about how this game plays, look up raw gameplay footage, and you will notice these main issues:The enemies lack variety, and are seemingly lifeless; all of them move in an uninspiring robotic fashion. This leaves very little satisfaction when clearing a room, even with a seemingly badass looking gun.Levels lack creativity, as resources such as ammo and health are plopped on the sides of most levels in a repetitive fashion, while ""secrets "" hardly reward players for their exploration, as they provide more of the previously metioned repetitive resources. On top of that, enemies tend to cluster in the rooms that you come across, and little suspence can come from entering a doorway, clearing a room, and leaving, because every room cleared feels the same.No multiplayer. Nothing much more to elaborate on. A total lack of multiplayer kills more than half of the 90's shooter feel in itself.Bosses are a joke. Look up the first three and you'll see what I mean. ""Big guy enters room. Learn his fire pattern. Shoot him.""It seems like I'm nitpicking here, but honestly, this is the whole game; just the same few enemies and the same few rooms over and over, with a big, easy boss at the end. It seems like there was a very clear idea that started with this game that never lead to a fully finisehd product. What's present here is a lack of depth in the overall design; a lot of little mistakes that made a mediocre game. It's not terrible, but it sure as hell isn't worth what they're charging for it."
,Not Recommended,253610,16158258,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,evilm,"I was really excited to play this, I played tons of Unreal Tournament, Doom 1/2/Final, Duke 3D, Quake 2 throughout my formative years.I just couldn't look past the character models and their behavior. I know the AI in the arcade shooters of old was never good but I got tired of shooting the ""running in place"" lizard guys much faster than I expected. I was convinced I wasn't even hurting the big red guys you meet in third level because I couldn't tell whether the shots were doing any damage.The controls feel good, the ""find the keycard/switch"" style level design is what I expected, there's gibbing, and the guns felt okay. I found the sword to be more fun to flail around with than most of the weapons I picked up.I'll give it another shot and see if just playing more aggressively makes it more fun."
,Not Recommended,253610,19919838,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DIEx5LoL,"Supremely mediocre and very forgettable. Nothing you haven't done a thousand times before in considerably better games. Purchased on a whim, and regret it."
76561198027942170,Not Recommended,253610,20451637,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,chuch787,Level design is mediocre. The game has some stability issues. It has been crashing on me pretty regularly since I got to the 7th mission. It's annoying because I don't think the game isn't worth it to play but I can't recommend a game that doesn't appear completeable.
,Not Recommended,253610,20517102,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,UMBRA,"I really wanted to like this game, but it lacks something for me. It might be that I'm not really interested in 'kill-streak' or 'score' based gameplay, but without that, the fast-paced ""action"" really becomes monotonous. None of the weapons really feel like they PUNCH and, even with enemies all being gibbable, I was never really getting that crunchy sort of experience even Doom provided. The sword was really the only weapon I liked using but even it really had no MEAT to it. The levels were also really repetitive, with no instantly recognizable locales or great design.The bosses are hyped up as Mega Man/Castlevania style encounters, but this really clashes heavily with the rest of the game's design, turning the combo/speed aspect upside down and forcing you into cramped arenas where your options are very limited.I dunno. If you're into speedrunning/wracking up score and kill streaks you might like this game, but if you just wanted an old-school FPS, there are better options. All in all, it's pretty bland."
,Not Recommended,253610,13200006,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Wrack is a modern first person shooter trying to ape the feel of a classic FPS. It walks in with its cel-shaded graphics and its scoring system and says ""Check me out! Bobby Prince did my soundtrack! Yeah, that guy who did Doom!"" He doesn't say that the soundtrack that Bobby did for Doom mostly consisted of lazy metal covers.Christ, where do I start? The story first. It could have just been ""Aliens invade Earth because they want our resources"". But nooo, video games are art now, and therefore we have a story that starts out with ""All the problems of Earth are solved because we have a magic space engine. Therefore, all military has been dismantled but SUDDENLY ALIENS ATTACK and all the characters look like human versions of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic characters.""The game wants to hold my hand and encourage me with its advice instead of getting out of the way and letting me kill the goddamn monsters. ""Look,"" it says via cutscene when I press the button to open the locked door. ""There's a door that's opened three feet away from you! That's where you go to continue the game!"" ""Oh no, look out! That special boss has a laser attack that is really close to the floor! You should press space to jump over the laser!"" Who is this game for again?The level design is a succession of boring square rooms, the weapons are your standard pistol-shotgun-machine gun-rocket launcher, the unremarkable enemies blend in with the cel-shading and the wall textures, and sometimes there's lava pools below bridges in rooms because the developers are hoping you think that there's invisible guardrails on the bridges but SURPRISE! OLD-SCHOOL FPS ACTION STRIKES AGAIN, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S! The game's idea of a secret is jumping from one platform to an alcove in the wall over a pool of radioactive goo that barely hurts the player, and usually the reward is just more meaningless points and extra lives. The game is competent but unremarkable and sloppy in places. The scoring system is a mechanic designed to distract you from the game itself, which is a pretty bad sign!To be fair, this game does evoke the feel of an old first person shooter very well. Unfortunately it's evoking the feel of one of the really boring old first person shooters."
,Not Recommended,253610,16013493,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Orma,it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,253610,20056258,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,gang gang420 csgoroll.com,loving it ♥♥♥♥ the haters
76561198044797961,Not Recommended,253610,19769679,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jan,"Bad retro Old School Shooter. Maybe decent at 90´s end, but nowdays only is interesting for hiper-nostalgic fans of this age. Not brings nothing new, except a pointless combo system and some better graphics than those mithical originals. In resume, is another clon of the first shooters, although worst than any. Is not a homage, is a mere downgraded copy; but originals were better in those times that this cartoon today. Is worth with a huge discount to those players interested in revive feelings of his childhood, not in to play a good and fresh videogame."
,Recommended,253610,22172126,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Regson82 is sleepy,"better if support coop , one of the most fun fps gaem ive played"
,Recommended,253610,19871761,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Marmaduke,It's kinda like Quake but with cel-shaded graphics
,Not Recommended,253610,19908588,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,RED-FROG,"Poor.Enemies are being used again and again.A.I. is utter crap. Animations are bad and look clumsy.Sound and music is boring.The combo chains don't work since there are not enough enemies. The weapons feel weak and the effects are way too little. There is no proper hit feedback and the hitboxes of the enemies seem to be huge. I don't there are critical damage zones either, just one huge hitbox.The level design is extremely boring and static. The bosses are bullet sponges, nothing more. The weapons can't be upgraded, nothing can be upgraded.I recommend Hard Reset 100times over this.Wrack feels like a game mod you could get for free elsewhere. Instead of giving out the game for free, they charge the people absurd 15€ (probably 15$, too) to play their tame empty, souless game.I didn't expect much. I actually like simple corridor shooters. But this one just reminds me of when I was younger and created mods myself and see nothing special here. The game has nothing to offer that would make it special and interesting."
76561197989678619,Not Recommended,253610,13074352,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hibachi,"I usually don't write negative reviews... but even at version 1.2 this game is a big disappointement.- Skill based combo with ennemies that doesn't have any weak points : great missed opportunity to give the player some bonus points. In the other hand, doing a finisher and hitting nothing still gives you a bunch of points for some reason.- Explosions that are barely noticeable.- Really weak feedback upon taking damage - if some of the ennemies didn't pushed the player, you'd notice nothing at all.- Akward swordplay - no inertia or impact with the attacks.- Boring death animations.- Last but not least, jumps that are calculated to screw you over lava pits or acid 'cause you get just couple of pixels not high enough. Real fair, in a friggin' FPS where you can't really feel how high you really jump.Hint : when it's high enough, it's BARELY high enough....That's the flaws of the twenty first minutes in a nutshell.I'm pretty sure I could keep going on easily if I bothered to continue to play, but while I wanted to love this game - got the EA more or less when it came out - I think this game is mediocre at best.... Still, I'd give it points for its drawings on the cutscenes and the comic book tone.Oh, and for the shotgun sound and feeling. Maybe the only thing that gave a bit of feedback here."
,Not Recommended,253610,13207400,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Quadcricket,"I love the simple levels and graphic's style.I hate the boring end bosses, amaturish cut scenes, and the lack of variation in the guns and enemies.Also, having an ending to this game would be great.If I could change one thing it would be make the enemies weaker and more numerous. Too much time was spent just waiting for the enemy to die. This slows down the speed of the game immensly and causes me to lose interest."
,Not Recommended,253610,23589458,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Spiderman with a frying pan,The quickest I've ever gotten bored with a game.Shame I bought this before refunds were a thing.
,Not Recommended,253610,28818832,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dan Nukem,don't enjoy this game very muchits nice but not closer than ss1 or doomthe guns are kind of weak for me it dont have the feel for the damage to badguys ....melee system is broken ....... most of start of the game badguys just push you no matter what i do well in timeing if u play it rightthe game runs wellif you relly want to buy it best buy it at sale @80% (xmas sale 2016)and geting refund
76561198052296605,Recommended,253610,23897712,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sgt. Bingo,It feels more like Doom than the new Doom itself
,Not Recommended,253610,14244190,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Noclue,Game is great. Can't play because after the first session the game crashes Steam on startup.Will give positive review if i can actually play the game.
,Not Recommended,253610,18431057,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Build A Wawl,i want a refund for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,253610,18783008,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,a negro boy,nom is fun no fun is baddy daddy
,Not Recommended,253610,17014484,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Agent Spydre,They should call it wack.
,Not Recommended,253610,15174643,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dewk Noukem,"Only 1 episode, played it for like 4 hours.We don't know what happen after the episode 1.Too bad, the game was excellent."
,Recommended,253610,13230704,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,the creator of this game made skulltag and he thru a really big hissy fit and closed his source port down cuz he babied out lmao
,Not Recommended,253610,18126367,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"The handling is a good return to form for classic FPS.Everything else is mediocre to garbage.Enemies are generally unfun to fight, weapons feel terrible, level layout is passable at best.The only interesting things it adds to the formula are buried in its systems.  The score system is so shallow as to be nonexistent, and the supplementary chaining and finishing systems are so time sensitive as to not be fun to use, as you will either have nothing to use it on, or it'll run out in the second you fail to kill something."
,Not Recommended,253610,13558702,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,gamerstu,Mix in a little bit of Quake 2 and Shogo and you get...nothing original but a bland shooter. The music is aweful. Boring level design. The concept of lives is so 90s. It would be nice if you could do combos with the sword. I wouldn't pay more than $4 for this.
,Not Recommended,253610,13852244,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,M_W,"There is some real design talent behind Wrack: a retro first person shooter that takes the core elements of Doom (not the superficial ones), and gives it a fresh coat of paint. Unfortunately, the paint chips away quickly. As much as I want to recommend this game, I've yet to play it once, on any of my three test systems, without a fatal crash. When it's not crashing, it's bugged out, or chugging at unplayable framrates. Hopefully someday these issues will be fixed, but they haven't been for a while, and I can only advise avoiding this game at all costs."
,Not Recommended,253610,12314021,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Munry,"Meh. It's a doomlike, but has nothing really interesting to offer, except its combo mechanics and Workshop support. The enemies and level are badly designed in general. Get it only if you really have nothing better to play in this genre."
,Not Recommended,253610,12429920,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,C2H5OH 天国,"Buyer beware...This game, while entertaining, is a technical mess. I've had crashes at nearly every level since I purchased it in early access about 6 months ago. I've deleted saves, I've restarted, I've waited for patches and the crashes are /always/ there just in random locations. I've had builds go by where I couldn't get past the second level, then an update where it makes it to the boss and crashes, then I'll restart only to crash on the first stage.I understand that there sorts of issues will always happen, especially with small teams working on PC games, but I've given this game months and now that it's 'released' it's just as buggy, broken, and unplayable as it was 6 months ago."
,Not Recommended,253610,10495644,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Will-e,"This game was not quite what it appeared to be.   Albeit it's still in beta, the problems lie with the core of the game having the player run at insane speeds and mini jumping puzzles whos consequence is respawning at the start and all the enemies coming back to life.  Often times the pits of lava that do this to you are far to sneaky and common to have such a severe punishment for slipping in.  Next to that, the guns are unsatifying and can be sometimes confusing to tell if you're really hitting the enemy or not.  The difficulty scaling goes from a tutorial to all out war.  The character script is completely pointless to read and is stiff at best.  The music is repetitive and empty for the most part.I'll probably finish the game because I like shooting and I like switching my weapons, but in terms of being a good game that the target audience and even others can enjoy?  3/10"
76561198067350523,Not Recommended,253610,12612869,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Faerie,Unplayable. Waste of money. :(
,Not Recommended,253610,24736805,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░ Wrack ░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561197971252577,Recommended,253610,16001681,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,sativex,Decent run of the mill FPS with an old school doom feel and new school cell shaded graphics.Good for speedruns.
76561198035015119,Recommended,253610,15692974,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,pilot,an awesome arena fps :)
76561198022113188,Not Recommended,253610,14750445,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cladthesweeper,"this game is hopeless game devloper needs to address the memory issues can""t even play its so bad like a damn refund  i have a pretty good rig amd 8350 gtx 770 4gb 16 gig of ram  do i recommend hell no"
,Recommended,253610,16029950,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Urithor,Great fun except its a bit faster than Quake 3 and aiming is sometimes tricky!
76561198075246525,Recommended,253610,14035984,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Retro,"*Latest update (Apr 30 2015) really optimized the game, even on my older system (core 2 duo) runs perfect with all graphics settings at maximum.  Highly recommended if you like the Doom style of play, with a lot of up to date touches.  Also, a lot of great maps and such in the Workshop.------------------------------------------------------------*Note--  That Occulus boss should eat a bowl of d##ks.   :)"
,Recommended,253610,14847108,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,LoveJesusHateTheGovernment,"This is a fantastic FPS that feels very much like Doom with a Boarderland's aesthetic. It is however completely unplayable, even on the lowest video settings due to it's severe framerate and lag issues that make it unplayable. To correct this, you need to disable the lighting and shadow settings in the ""settings"" option menu."
,Recommended,253610,14109740,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,clockpie,"fast, smooth, kickass.shooty shooty bang bang"
,Recommended,253610,14112471,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Usurper,"Pretty awesome indie FPS which takes influence from the old 90's glory days of Doom, Duke Nukem 3D, Rise Of The Triad 1994  and strangely enough cell shaded graphics that are reminiscent of both Borderlands and Wind Waker.With a game that runs as smooth as a babies backside and has an awesome sound track by Bobby Prince (Remember him? Yeah he did the Doom soundtrack)It's interesting as it attempts to take on the older 90's vibe of crazy levels, tons of weapons and tons of enemies, tons of weapons and large boss fights.It also attemps to do it's own thing by adding a pretty cool little combo mechanic where every hit you get with the shotgun will chain together and then you can launch a super mega attack with the secondary mouse key in the same vien as Unreal Tournament's alternative fire.It controls really well and is very tight. Which is exactly what I'm hoping for a fast paced game of this nature.Tons of mods, tons of varied levels and tons of fun.Easily one of my fave indie games from the past few years."
76561198051317669,Recommended,253610,23353942,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nice Puppies,"Wrack is a game that is an homage to old school FPS games like Doom and Quake. The game is fast paced and action packed. The graphics are nice. And the levels are big, long, and challenging. It’s unfortunate that the developers are finished with Wrack and that the game is supposedly not getting any more updates or changes. The game only has 9 levels. The game does come with its own level editor/level creator, and it has Steam Workshop support, but it really needs more content. It’s also unfortunate that the game has no multiplayer whatsoever. It is a single player only game. Wrack is a game that would have been so much better if it had (online) multiplayer. It would also have been so much better if the game allowed the player to play randomly generated levels (in addition to the game’s main campaign). That would have been nice too. Wrack has its flaws and it could have been a lot better, but if you’re a fan of old school FPS games, you might like Wrack"
,Recommended,253610,22110812,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba dub dub,short but fun game. Ki a little bit dumb.
76561198095733675,Recommended,253610,22466495,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Ijast,pEEPEE
