user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198081049785,Recommended,253840,32157097,Posted: 3 June,all,Est,"I finally managed to complete this game, so it's high time I did the review!Pros:great, albeit simple gameplay - it's a mix between simple platformer and metroidvania.gorgeous, hand drawn art style - I really love the art direction of the game - graphic designers did a great job. I also really enjoyed watching unlocked concept arts - for ex they gave nice insight into crab form creation.cheerful, light hearted atmosphere and music. I enjoyed the soundtrack - while it's not revolutionary, it does the job well. Not much more to expand about this point - the game is cartoony and there isn't any unexpected violence or dark turns.many fun and good looking transformations - while the transformations aren't groundbreaking in terms of metroidvania, they suit most of stages' designs well.It's kickstarter done right! Not always one can say it about a game, expecially when certainmightydisappointments are happening.ConsGame is too short. It doesn't have too many stages, and in addition a penultimate one feels rushed and poorly designed.Boss fights are underwhelming - I like when in metroidvanias bosses require creative use of acquired powers in order to break their guard. In this game fights are barebones and simplistic.Game is relatively easy, even on hard mode. It's still a fun challenge, but it's definitely not a game for players that like to be seriously challenged skill-wise by a game.If I had to give number score for it, it would be7.5/10- I feel I can't give an honest 8 to it, mostly because of the lazy penultimate stage. It feels like all creative power was spent on the previous stages and the final one. With that being said, I still recommend this game! I had a lot of fun with it and I think it's worth buying and playing, especially if it happens to be discounted!"
,Recommended,253840,32638315,Posted: 22 June,all,Delifresh,"if you've never played a shantae game, this is a good starter into the series, and the story, while typical, is easy to follow. controls are pretty natural, game is overall very cute and at times impressive-looking, and the music is very catchy, as is to be expected of Jake Kaufman. this game brings back the classic transformation-based shantae play, and contains an *absurd* amount of them, including some special dances bought from a snake lady and a few promotional ones if you backed the game on kickstarter (hopefully if you didn't you at least also didn't back mighty no. 9...)though the story lacks a bit and only serves to *raise more* questions than answer any presented in the past few titles in the series, it still stands as a great game in a great series. in general, a very solid game, and if you liked the pirate gear play style of pirate's curse, then there's also a DLC on the way where you play as risky boots!"
,Recommended,253840,28625419,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SWXY :'D,"Way better than a certain mighty number.Also, buy this, if you enjoyed the Lubella fight from Momodora."
76561198013723081,Recommended,253840,28860341,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"The 4th Shantae game in the series. Although some people argue this is a remake of the original game, it is not a remake. Regardless, most people think this is the 4th game in the series as the events in this take place after the pirate's curse, and i agree with them, that this game is the 4th in the series.A platformer game that requires different powers to find everything. For example, trasformation dances, which was not in the last game, but comes back for this game. If your not a fan of platformers, I suggest avoiding this game. If not, this is a pretty decent platformer. Unlinke the previous games, this one feels much shorter and linear. There are planned DLC coming out later for this game, so at the writing of this review, the planned DLC had not been made yet and released. Please check out the other two games in the series, which i will provide links below:http://store.steampowered.com/app/277890`Second game in the series.http://store.steampowered.com/app/345820`Third game in the series.Recommended game for fun platforming. Recommended to all my friends."
,Recommended,253840,29257516,Posted: 14 January,all,Cordovan Splotch,"I never really knew about this game series, before the Kickstarter for this game kicked up a storm of fanart on the internet, I'd never even been much of a platformer fan... but...Playing Shantae: Half Genie Hero, kinda feels like being a kid again, it feels like I'm an 8 year old me sitting on the floor in front of my Playstation with a new interesting game I'd gotten my parents to buy me at the mall.I'd have sat in the car reading the manual booklet from cover to cover all the way home, and now I sit here with the game... and just the game.There's no DLC, no micro-transactions, no gritty realism, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lies about your choices mattering, no tacked on multiplayer as an excuse for always online DRM.Just the game.Just a fun, silly, pun-filled and really well made game with a surprising amount of depth and challenge to it and a great soundtrack too.I'm actually getting a little teary eyed sitting here thinking about why I like this game as much as I do.Like I said, it kinda feels like I'm a kid again, and it feels ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.Thank you Wayforward."
,Recommended,253840,28867153,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MasterM697,"I'm not normally one to write reviews, but I really want to write my thoughts on the game somewhere. It's like 4AM though, so I'm not sure how coherent this is going to be, but uh, here we go.First of all, I love the direction that they've taken the art style. The visuals are absolutely gorgeous. The hand-drawn characters over the 3D backgrounds look very nice. Speaking of the characters, I feel that the more chibi-style is really cute. All in all, it's just a great game to look at.The soundtrack is fantastic as usual. A couple of tracks really reminded me of Mighty Switch Force!, which y'know, makes sense considering Jake Kaufman composed the soundtrack to that too. I don't think he's ever produced a track I haven't liked.Now in comparison to the previous titles in the series, I do feel like Half-Genie Hero takes a couple of steps back in places, particularly the level design. I wouldn't really call the game a Metroidvania. The more exploration-based dungeons are gone and have been replaced with much more linear levels divided up into a few sections each followed by a boss. If I had to draw a comparison to something similar, it'd probably be Mega Man. (This certainly doesn't mean I think Mega Man has bad level design or that I think the level design in this game is bad. Really, it's just different.) The scale of the worlds also feels a lot smaller, especially in comparison to Pirate's Curse. I was a little surprised at how short they all felt, even on my first playthrough. I also feel like the game doesn't utilize all of the transformations enough. There are a couple that are really only used once and then never again. There are also a few that don't even really need to be used at all. Most of those are optional though, so it's not a huge deal.I've got a few small issues with the story, too. I'm sure others have said this before, but the game is sort of a soft reboot. There were some character development moments in Pirate's Curse that I was interested to see possibly get expanded upon, but the game kinda just ignores them. It's not really that big of a deal, though. It was just something I was kinda hoping to see. Something that does bother me though, is how disjointed the story feels at times. The events of the game never really feel all that connected and are more like random tasks that are just there to move the plot along. It doesn't really feel all that much like an adventure. The dialogue is great, though. I did enjoy the references to previous games and I laughed at most of the jokes.I know it probably sounds like I'm being too critical, but I really enjoyed the game. It just feels a little weaker compared to the rest of the series, in my opinion. On its own, it's a really great game and a hell of a lot of fun. If you've never played a Shantae game before and you're interested, this is a great place to start. I feel the game does a good enough job of introducing the characters and the world to newcomers. If you do pick it up and enjoy it, then I strongly recommend you check out the others as well. It's a great series and it's really a shame that it's still so relatively unknown.To sum everything up, I feel the game takes some steps forward in certain areas and some steps back in others, but it's still a great experience. Give it a try if you're interested!There's probably more I would like to say, but it's really late and I'm tired so I think I'm about done here."
76561197989376417,Recommended,253840,28533385,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Biomechanoid,"After 3 years in development, the fourth installment of the Shantae franchise has finally been released. Is Half-Genie Hero worth the weight? Well, let's find out.Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is the fourth game in the sassy and charming Shantae series and now in high-definition. The visuals in this game are fantastic to say the least. The game mixes colorful and nicely textured 3D assets with high-quality 2D sprites. The animations on characters are also excellent and gives the game some life. Game also ran very well at least for me it did. No crashes either.Unlike Pirate's Curse, Half-Genie Hero brings back the transformations from the first two games; however, they made some more changes to the system in this one. The way transformations work now is that you go into dance mode and the game goes through a menu of transformations automatically and you use the d-pad (if you played it on a controller which I did) to select your transformation. Additionally, there is now a grand-total of 14 transformations (2 of them can be swapped) with some being more useful than others. The transformations are fun to use but they are not as good as the Pirate Gear from the previous game due to having to pause and wait to select the transformation you want to use which can ruin the flow of the gameplay. There is an upgrade that increases Shantae's dancing animation speed which helps somewhat.Now for the most important part, the gameplay. Is it any good? Absolutely. It controls nearly as well as Pirate's Curse and using the transformations is still fun despite not flowing as well as the Pirate Gear. The game is more linear than its predecessors but the metroidvania elements are still there as you will be doing a lot of backtracking in earlier levels to go into areas you wouldn't have access to before. The levels are fun to explore but the lack of dungeons is really disappointing. The Shantae games always had really fun dungeons to explore and the lack of them in this game is a crime. I don't know why they removed them but hopefully they will bring them back in the next game. Also, there is no map in this game which is odd considering that Risky's Revenge and Pirate's Curse had maps. The game seems to be quite shorter than the other entries but there will be new character modes that will be coming up later on which should increase the length of the game.The music is composed by Jake Kaufman once again and I must say, some of the tracks in this game are the best in the whole series. The soundtrack of this game consists of high-quality remixes of songs from previous games and new tracks. There is one track from the previous games that gets reused but is only used for one section. Overall, the soundtrack does not disappoint and Jake Kaufman has done an amazing job once again.Now for the story, I know the story isn't really the main focus in these games but Pirate's Curse did a pretty good job on that aspect and this game seems to ignore some of the character development from that game. Risky just goes back to her ""LOL IM EVIL"" self without any explaination and a few characters from the last two games don't make an appearence in this game. Speaking of Risky, there is a lack of Risky in this game as she only appears in the beginning and the end of the game. The story feels pretty unfocused throughout the majority of the game as each level in the game feels more like an episode of ""Shantae beats the bad guy from doing bad things"". The rival Half-Genie that appears early on in the game would have made for an interesting story but they just conclude her story shortly afterwards. Despite the story being unfocused, the dialogue is still very funny and charming.Overall, Half-Genie Hero is a very polished and well made game that will not disappoint any fan in the series. It may not be as good as Pirate's Curse but it's still a great entry to the franchise. Due to its pretty short length, I would recommend to pick this one up on a sale and/or when the new character modes come out."
,Recommended,253840,28807135,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,sexy girlshair whippingbright and colorfulreasonably difficult but not impossiblediverse colorful backgrounds
76561198080703144,Recommended,253840,28520086,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Trashman,It's kinda hard to play this game with one hand.
,Recommended,253840,28911937,Posted: 1 January,all,PurpleXVI,"It's a Shantae game, in both the good ways and the bad ways.The good ways are that Shantae looks and sounds better than ever, and that the characteristic good writing is present, along with all the characters you know and love(or love to hate).The bad ways are in the sense that every Shantae game is, to some extent, experimental. Some aspects and mechanics recur, but every single game is made up of those ""classic"" elements mixed evenly with the developers tossing new ideas up into the air and seeing what sticks. But it feels like they rarely test these things(except to avoid bugs), as long as nothing's outright breaking the game, it stays in, and the final test of whether it's actually fun or functional, is left for the game's buyers to figure out.For instance, we've got the shapeshifting from Risky's Revenge back again, this time with even more forms. But there are a couple of forms that you'll never actually use(outside of their mandated one or two applications for gaining bonus items or quest items), because their uses are either extremely niche(elephant, spider and mouse, looking at you) or heavily overlapped with another form. Some also feel like they weren't tested much, since the Bat allows you to trivialize large parts of some areas(sky bridge in the desert, hello to just flying past all those platforms).Boss fights also still feel spastic rather than tactical. I'm sure I'm going to get the usual ""git gud"" comments for this, but in some platformers, I can go into a boss fight, and after screwing up one or two waves, I can go: ""Oh, okay, this is what they want me to do."" And then sure, I may lack the brains or dexterity to actually do it, but I can always see the IDEA. In HGH, there are some attacks where I just can't see HOW to dodge them, some bosses where I just can't figure out their mechanics(what actually triggers the Tinkerbrain popping up its canisters?) and the game also suffers a bit from some things that look good being a bit counterproductive.In the case of boss fights, circular boss arenas are VERY neat, since they basically give you ""infinite"" horizontal space without any screen scroll, but it makes it hell to judge the distances of something rolling towards you, and when there's a LOT of stuff in the middle of the circle, like in the final battle, it can be hard to see projectiles spawned on the other side of the circle before they're all the way past the clutter and way in  your face.In general, the improved graphics also feel like they make things a bit more vague. It's less ""sharp"" where spikes end and where they begin, or what parts of a heavily animated flame projectile actually burns you. I mean, it looks GREAT, not denying that, but it feels like if you're gonna do that in a platformer, you should be a bit more forgiving about hit areas.It also feels like there's no ""good"" difficulty in the game. Like, again, I enjoyed it, but I never really felt challenged except by instakill spikes in a couple of areas, and that's not the sort of challenge that appeals to me(seriously, WayForward, the final dungeon of Pirate's Curse was a mistake. PLEASE don't try to recapture any of that. Ever.). But unless you intentionally avoided upgrades and heart holders, it just feels like you can brute force your way through most areas, chugging a few consumables when necessary, and the same for the boss fights.On the one hand, a bit more challenge would make it feel a bit more satisfying when beating an area, but on the other hand, I appreciate that if I really get stuck on doing something ""right"" I can just power through it with potions.I'm also not sure how I feel about the new approach to travelling, with the world map and warp dances. It makes everything feel easier, backtracking is considerably less of a pain, but it also makes Sequin Land feel less like a world, and more like a series of levels. But that's probably a personal thing.Finally, there are a few technical issues, mostly related to some animations ""chopping"" a bit, sometimes characters flicker partway through animations, etc. but it's pretty rare. It's almost completely isolated to the world map screen where Sky, Wrench and Shantae sometimes behave a bit oddly.So ultimately, the verdict is: It needs polish, and in some cases issues that have been showing up in Shantae games since Risky's Revenge need to be recognized as issues and addressed, but it's got so much heart that I can't pretend I don't love it. This was money well-spent for me, and it will be for anyone else who likes the Shantae games. Because like me, I bet you've spent half an hour listing all the things that could be fixed about Risky's Revenge and Pirate's Curse, but then you finish by going: ""I loved the game anyway. How did they manage to make a zombie so cute?""You know, unless you have no taste and don't agree that Rottytops is best girl."
,Recommended,253840,34179455,Posted: 11 August,all,Ken Masters,"It could be a LOT better.  The animal transformations slow the pace of the game down in comparrison to the amazing Pirate's Curse.Also unlike that game, this game feels like HD tech demo filler.  Most of the main story feels like a succession of side stories cobbled together.  There's no sense of pacing whatsoever.Other than that, the main normal Shantae campaign is pretty good.  The music, the visuals, the humor, and even the gameplay at times works well.  Hopefully the Risky DLC works well since she is getting the weapons that made Pirate's Curse so great."
,Recommended,253840,29193082,Posted: 11 January,all,chaosmalefic,Gameplay is awesomeLevel design is awesomeCharacter design is awesomeAnimation is awesomeOST is awesomePress Y to shake that booty is awesomeOverall the game is worth buyingP.S. it needs more dance moves in future DLC
,Recommended,253840,28606438,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rudolf Von Goldenbaum,"I would give it a ""mixed"" rating if I could.Decent game, but not nearly as good as the previous ones.This one has gorgeous art and graphics, aswell as polished gameplay, but the dificulty is trivial and the amount of content seems to be a bit more limited than the previous games.The game is structured in different levels instead of one continuous ""metroidvania"" world.Overall, I'd recomend to get it on sale, and if you want a challenge, don't buy anything from the item shop, as all the items there are gamebreakingly OP."
76561198212800637,Recommended,253840,32618643,Posted: 21 June,all,Slingblade,"An amazing game, easy to understand mechanics, great artwork, an enjoyable soundtrack, and really fun to play.  The only real drawback I have is that it is a little short; but there is good entertainment in trying to beat this game as fast as possible."
,Recommended,253840,28612741,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pan,"This game took me 6 hours to complete at 100%. I'm a tad disappointed but I had a lot of fun. It's not as thorough as the other games were when it came to level design. One entrance, one exit. Small puzzle rooms inbetween and one main gimmick.I miss the Zelda like dungeons from the other games, but this Mega Man like approach isn't so bad. It's just a shame that it starts out with huge amounts of puzzles in the first 2 levels then the rest just peeter out. The last 2 levels have like no collectables in it whilst around 45% of the games collectables are found in the SECOND one. It's insane the weighting on content.Not too pleased at the concept of DLC being made during development that's free to backers. I'd have backed if I knew backing was even an option. Oh well hopefully it's not stupidly priced considering the game makes stabs at that concept.tl;dr: It's fun, but it won't last you long. The other games have more content but it's pretty and Jake Kaufman is still legendary."
,Not Recommended,253840,29138191,Posted: 9 January,all,MindfulOcean,"Shantae:  Half-Genie Hero is a competent platformer, but it gets too many things wrong for me to recommend it.  There are 6 stages in all, including the final stage which holds no secrets and another stage that holds only a couple that you'll visit maybe three times.  As you play, you accumulate more abilities and forms for Shantae which enable you to visit previously inaccessible areas and acquire more items and powerups.  But because the final stage has no secrets and another one has only a couple, you'll spend most of the game visiting the same 4 stages repeatedly.  To pad the length of the game and make up for a lack of content, you are occasionally given strange, lengthy fetch quests to complete to advance the story.I'll be blunt:  Half Genie Hero doesn't feel like a complete game.  It isn't just the lack of stages.  A few of the transformations--like bat and spider--have no real part to play in the game.  You use them a couple of times to collect optional items and nothing else.  Half Genie Hero was funded on Kickstarter and I suspect the developer may have hoped to be funded for more stages that would make use of things like the bat and spider transformations.  And unlike a traditional metroidvania game, there is really no variety or sequence breaking to be had.  You either have the right upgrade or you don't.  And since the game is so small, there really isn't any sense of progression.The game starts out at an average difficulty, but once you start buying some of the items in the shop and upgrading your life the difficulty soon vanishes.  You'll have so much health and take so little damage from attacks that you can literally just walk through normal enemies.  You can even buy an invincibility spell which further reduces the challenge.  There are a couple of places where the difficult absolutely skyrockets.  One is an area where you must climb quickly to avoid instant death, and another consists of a long path of one-hit kill spikes that you must fly through with extremely awkward controls.  It's like the developers struggled to balance the difficulty and then decided they needed some areas with serious challenge.I really like the style of the game and its characters, but the game just doesn't live up to its potential and I can't recommend it.  If you want a platformer, grab Shovel Knight or Freedom Planet instead.  If you'd like to play a game specifically like Castlevania, I'd recommend Valdis Story.  If you like games like the classic Metroid (or just good games in general) check out Axiom Verge.  If you're set on playing Shantae because it looks interesting, I'd recommend checking out the previous game in the series instead."
,Recommended,253840,29157939,Posted: 10 January,all,kettz,"so i got this game at the same time as pirates curse, both are goodone is noticeably easier-- specifically this onedespite that, still preferred this onesexualization and likability of characters is not mutually exclusive heremy favorite is rottytopsthe game is intuitive, easy to learn, overall a fun ridedoesn't take itself too seriouslydont take it too seriously"
,Recommended,253840,30662562,Posted: 21 March,all,Static,"For the most part, if you want Shovel Knight with breasts, this is the game for you!But in all honesty, this game is quite the sight to behold. It was one of the Kickstater Triplets. Shantae and Shovel Knight were, and I can proudly say this, amazing games. Shantae's platforming mixed with item play to help increase the color and gameplay style is something that I've come to love in platformers as a whole. Shovel Knight is another great example of this. This game brought me a good share of laughs and a good share of, ""Holy Skag Sack! I can do that!?"" I recommend this game for those who enjoy a good platformer with some RPG aspects. Along with jiggle physics and a colorful artstyle."
,Recommended,253840,28531269,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Frozen Spookscelot,"This game was kickstarted a few years ago and now it has fufilled its promises on all fronts.Amazing music, loveable characters, great art style and gameplay style.Pick this up while you can if it's on sale or pick it up anyway because this is a game worth your time!10/10"
76561198028049202,Recommended,253840,30400113,Posted: 8 March,all,Kupo Games,"This game has awesome character animations and music, but overall I think I preferred the level design, gameplay and story more in the previous game, Pirate's Curse. It was still enjoyable and definitely worth playing, but it just didn't grip me as much as the other one.So while I'm giving this game a thumbs up, I'm giving Pirate's Curse a bigger thumbs up and telling you to play that one first I guess."
,Recommended,253840,29178472,Posted: 11 January,all,Aasha,"My first jump into Shantae: Half-Genie HeroThis felt magical again! Like ""Risky Boots Revenge"" - the first Shantae game I played. Transformations are back, the graphics feel more HD (the previous games were made for the Nintendo DS and thus had a way smaller resolution), and familiar faces in every direction.Stages are set up ""Select Screen"" style again. I preferred the way they did it in Risky Boots Revenge - the world map I mean - and thought it was a downgrade to the game world as a whole when it went from that to a simple stage select in The Pirate's Curse - which they kept for this. It's not the worst thing in the world though.The puzzles weren't hard until the final level. Most of the stages weren't set up with puzzles.  There were some here and there (avoiding laser beams, climbing a maze before time is up, the entire final level) but most levels were based around exploration or simple advancement from point A to B through a horde of enemies.A lot of the transformations completely outclassed other transformations. I enjoyed using them anyway - and I felt a bit more lenient about there being forms that were less useful when I found out some of them were just tossed in as extra rewards for the players to enjoy.While the graphics themselves were enhanced the animations for the characters seemed a little less amped than the previous games in the series. I mean I still enjoyed them and they still came to a point I feel keeps WayForward of the ""We care about the animation quality"" mentality, but they were clearly a little less ambitious than previous games on that specific detail. There's only one dance animation for example when everybody was amazed at her dancing inRisky Boots' Revenge. I can totally understandwhythough: they added several times more transformations so waiting for a cycle of 20 dances to roll through would have been unintuitive and probably aggravating after a bit.Pet PeevesThere weren't many levels. At the end I felt like the game could have gone on another few hours. The game length on my first play through - which included a lot of fooling around, some gem grinding, and a decent amount of backtracking for 100% completion - was roughly about 10-11 hours. So the game holds up in length, but the stages don't feel numerous - especially after finding out two of the levels were added as Kickstarter rewards.The final stage was another spikes-and-pitfall level that made the game hard for the wrong reason. To be fair sometimes the only reason the challenging partsarechallenging is because they can be cheap, but in Shantae's series it's always shooting itself in its own foot since it throws away the point of spending extra hours finding more health. I'd have preferred more numerous enemies and stronger enemies over spikes and pitfalls again; something to give the health bar some stress incombat.Holly,a character that seemed centered on an  interesting rival-genie arc, is resolved very quickly. She has a decent buildup to what ultimately just concludes and disappears into thin air all of a sudden. I think she would have offered something new to the universe as an rival character even if only for one game before the rivalry were concluded, but it ended so fast it could easily have been skipped entirely.ConclusionI played with the transformations like toys. Ilovethe transformations. I did what I could to try and beat every stage I reasonably could as each transformation (which I'm still in the middle of doing). Ultimately I feel the transformations are what make a Shantae game a Shantae game.I feel like the game lostsomethingabout it that was there in the earlier games but I can't put my finger on it. It also added more""something else"". It still feels like a Shantae game. Just somehow with a little more and a little less ""something"". I really could have seen it being longer but despite  feeling as though I blazed through it they did pack content into this game. I think it feels slightly unfinished because a lot of this content can't be used effectively."
76561198035695203,Not Recommended,253840,28585023,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,superjus91,"Before I begin, I will let you know that I have played both Risky's Revenge and the Pirates Curse (both prequels). And Although I don't recommend this game, YOU SHOULD GO PLAY SHANTAE AND THE PIRATES CURSE! (which is a great game).First impressions about this game.The graphics are amazing (much more so than predecessors) and music is fantastic. And as usual, the gameplay is exceedingly smooth and controls respond very well. The dances are pretty cool and the story also leans more on the comical side compared to most games leaving a lighthearted feeling.Despite my glowing remarks above, I have 3 large issues with the game.Content: The length of time required to beat the game and get full completion is ridiculously short, ~5-7 hours for the average gamer.Story/Character Development: This is also related to the content. The story is pretty weak and honestly if you remove playing the actual levels, I could tell the entire story of the game to completion with like 2 sentences. Connected to this is character development. This game in no way makes anyone really care about any of the characters! Not even Shantae! If I hadn't played both the prequels, I would have no idea why Shantae was a half-genie and why she cared about the genie realm, or what her relation to Risky was! And then the supporting characters, rotty-tops/brothers + sky + bolo/grandpa: the game really does a disservice to how these people relate to shantae as from this game alone you could barely even tell that they were friends and not just some random townfolk A, B, C.Difficulty: This is yet another problem. Going through the levels are like a walk in the park (even so for non gamers) and the bosses while looking cool, are extremely dissapointing. All of the bosses patterns are extremely easy and they are honestly so weak that as long as you decide to use a potion (which you shouldn't really ever need), you can completely face-tank never dodge any of the bosses attacks and still smash them! Also the 4 skills which have always been a shantae staple are pretty much never needed. The fireball->flamethrower and lightning cloud are excessively weak and useless it pretty much every scenario. The pikeball/scimitar aren't really necessary but are usefull for clearing out monsters/bosses faster. And then the bubble is really good enough to make you invicible to some bosses (not counting the 3rd upgrade which is literally invincibility). And the magic power these things use is almost negligible for the time you need to activate it.Aside from ease in monsters and bosses, getting 100% completion and finding all the ""secrets"" is so simple that I don't even need to put any thought to find every single item! While it wasn't extremely hard in the Pirates curse at least I had to go revisit some areas just to search every nook and cranny for the special tinkerbells. In Half-genie hero, all the secrets are pretty much just lying in front of you waiting for you to get the right power to unlock it.Overall, the game is lovely but is waaaay too easy with a laughably simple and short plot that does not make you care for it in any way. I was really looking forward to this game but it really dissapointed me on many levels, even as a Shantae fan. Although I don't regret buying the game because I was a fan of the Shantae series (and this is probably the last game I'm guessing), I can't really recommend this unless this game is under $10. However, if you haven't picked up any Shantae games before I recommend you try out Shantae and the Pirates Curse. That game is way more polished than this one and doesn't really have any of these big issues that I listed for this entry here."
,Recommended,253840,32909808,Posted: 27 June,all,CtrlAltDelicious,"Other than it's relatively short story compared to the other shantae games, the game itself has a bunch of really well made character sprites, smooth animation and overall it was just a really enjoyable game!"
,Recommended,253840,31335026,Posted: 24 April,all,Daiyevid,"I haven't touched the Shantae series since I played it on the Gameboy Color so I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this.Pros:-The characters are fun-The levels are colorful and well put together-The animations and backgrounds flow well-There are plenty of fun transformations, spells and upgrades-The conrols are nice and tightCons:- I had to tweak a lot settings to prevent pretty bad screen tearing- A good portion of the gameplay is backtracking through the same levels- The game is a bit short- It's a very easy game (I have not tried it in hard core mode yet)- There aren't a lot of opportunities to use some of the transformationsOverall I enjoyed this game, but I wouldn't recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,253840,31123537,Posted: 13 April,all,Raggamuffin,Five Word Review: Truly excellent side scrolling platformer.Favorite Thing: The animations are so good. Case in point: Rottytop's idle.Least Favorite Thing: Some of the transformations were rather pointless. I'm looking at you bat.Completion Date: 2017-04-03Playtime: ~ 11hEnjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: Most definitely.
,Recommended,253840,28579544,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MOISTERRIFIC,I regret not backing this game on Kickstarter.
,Recommended,253840,28499298,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pixelbuster,"So far it's absolutely amazing, this is one of my favorite series and this new game doesn't disappoint. Unforunately there are a few issues but it's mostly due to techincal issues. The two issue I'm currently running into are Screen Tearing and Resolution Cap however through doing some configuration in the NVIDIA Control Panel I managed to fix it. The resoultion cap hasn't been so lucky, whenever I set the resoultion above 320x200 and restart the game there's sound but only a black screen. This might have to do with my setup but I know a few people have ran into this problem so your results may varyAside from that I can easily reccommend to anyone looking for a good metroidvania platformer or if you like the previous Shantae games, but if you do mind the techincal issues I would hold off until this gets patched.EDIT: I did try this game out on my Desktop and not only was the screen tearing gone but also it ran at all full 1080p so it definitely varies."
,Recommended,253840,29085468,Posted: 7 January,all,AfroNinja360,"A great addition to the Shantae line of games that have become big favorites of mine. To start off, 2D animation amongst 3D shaded backgrounds looks sharp! I was a little surprised at first, because I had played Shantae so much in it's pixel art form, but this new style WayForward has adopted for the series is fantastic and I got used to it fairly quickly. That also including the control scheme which is very snappy and responsive! Shantae has become a living realtime cartoon and it is a major factor that I'm so glad the series now has.Major and minor characters are back including Bolo, Uncle Mimic and Rottytops and they all have great dialogue and look great in the new style. The character interactions and text are all very funny, even including some fun unexpected moments where the characters will speak automatically, used a bit more here than in Pirate's Curse. I also really like how townsfolk give you hints and small clues, which comes in handy for dummies like me in those moments where I'm stupid and can't put 2 and 2 together.Music is great as always, Jake Kaufman bringin' it down with more sick remixes of Scuttle town and Burning Town. The new song sung by Shantae (Cristina Vee) is awesome when you first hear it on Main Street. Absolutely a major factor that makes the game stand out and goes along great with it. Though I will say I take more of a liking to Pirate Curse's tracks, these orchestral songs are great and are very dance worthy.The transformations are back from Shantae's earlier games, being staple powerups. They are used awesomely in this game! Very quick to transform and each stage uses different transformations for key areas to find secrets and other essestial items for achievement hunters and casuals alike. For Pirate's Curse of course, I did like how snappy and fast it was to use the pirate items for the corresponding buttons, but each key feature of the chosen transformation helps out greatly in areas, not just to get around the level, but also to find secrets. And hey, it's all worth it just to see Shantae dance again!Oh man, the bosses are pretty good too this time around. They all have some cool attack patterns and look great all while the kickin' battle them is blasting from your headphones. They're all varied and some do bring out great fun. Whoever thought up that rad giant mermaid needs a big ol' smooch.If I had to bring up any cons at all or stuff that just irked me personally, there's nothing that kept me from enjoying the game majorly. But the story is a biiiiit more straight forward this time around, and each world is sort of broken down into tiny subplots that don't really show up again, such as with Holly Lingerbean, the new kid on the block who's sort of just kicked out in a few minutes. But the small stories are essential for getting items back into the main plot.Some characters also felt kinda weird in this game, there's not a lot of ongoing character development carried on from past games. Risky in Pirate's Curse was Shantae's arch nemesis doin evil stuff as always,  but when the pair had to work together, she became a sort of hothead with a short temper while she worked with the good guys compared to Shantae's upbeat goofiness. She also came with a backstory where she used to have a powerful master. Here's she's just kind of the generic main baddie. Don't get me wrong, I know they kinda want the games to be accessible in any order, but for me it was just kind of a shame to see characters who have been sorta fleshed out in other games back to their plain old selves. Though it was kinda just a thing for me with Risky upfront.Something I noticed was that some aspects can make the game feel too easy, flight abilities can have you skip entire sections of levels, you can rack up gems like nobody's business though who's ever complained about free coinage?? And with enough gems, armor and hearts, getting hit every once in a while is really no problem.But hey, I love Shantae, and overall, this is a dang fun Shantae game with lots of great powerups, funny writing, a sweet new artstyle once again and a great soundtrack. It's just that compared to Pirate's Curse, it felt a bit more compact. While I would rate that game my favorite in the series, trust me, Shantae Half-Genie Hero is definetely my second. A great effort to everyone at WayForward and another definite step in the right direction. Can't wait to see that future character DLC!"
,Recommended,253840,28497583,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lantanadan,"Elephant Dance? Check. GAME. OF. THE. YEAR.Half-Genie Hero feels and plays like an HD 2.5D Shantae should. The animation and music are, as usual, incredible. The dialogue is hilarious and it's great to see all the old favorite characters return. This entry has more in common with Risky's Revenge than Pirate's Curse, as you'll be dancing to take animal form, INCLUDING THE TRIUMPHANT RETURN OF THE ELEPHANT! It feels rock-solid right from the start and you'll be hair-whipping mermaids in no time.Two very minor, very patchable gripes though: my natural instinct is to use Escape to get out of/go back in menus, and that doesn't work here. Two, monkey controls for climbing might take you a bit of getting used to, as they're not what you'd think they'd be (pressing toward the wall does nothing, pressing away from the wall holds you still, can't remember if it felt this sticky in Risky's Revenge).Overall though, I am loving the game and am very happy with how it turned out! Worth picking up if you enjoyed the previous games or are in the market for a fun, colorful, and actually fairly challenging Metroidvania platformer!"
76561198055367670,Recommended,253840,32881144,Posted: 27 June,all,PRimeEX,"Shantae: Half Genie Hero is the first game in the series I've played, and I loved every bit of it!"
76561198110829803,Recommended,253840,32108673,Posted: 1 June,all,22neptun,"Over the last couple of years, the Shantae-games have become one of my favorite 2D-plattformer games. Not only did they make great use of the Metroidvania-style gameplay, but they also had very charming and memorable characters, interesting oriental-themed levels and great music. Half-Genie Hero is no exception here, I had a blast from beginning to end.One of the problems of the older games was that the animal-transformations, one of Shantae's signature moves, take way too long and therefore hurt the pacing of the game. That problem has been totally fixed here, so playing through each of the very well designed levels feels totally fluid.I was a bit worried about the new graphic-style of the game, but after playing it for a while, it became totally natural to the point where it was actually hard to go back to the older games with their pixel-graphic. The soundtrack is also amazing, there's a lot of catchy tunes that fit the theme of the levels perfectly.However, there's still a few minor things I didn't enjoy. Firstly, the game got rid of any dungeons, which makes each level feel much more linear. Secondly, the story felt very disconnected. Each level basically had a mini-arc, but they weren't really connected in any way so the overall arc felt way too basic and undeveloped. And thirdly, there's really not a lot of levels here, namely 6 in total. And 2 out of these 6 levels were only included because certain Kickstarter-stretchgoals were met, which means the game was originally planned to only have 4 levels. Granted, all these levels are very big and you visit them multiple times to unlock new areas, but still. I hope the upcoming DLC will expand these levels in some way.Despite all these minor gripes, I still had a lot of fun with the game, and I can encourage everyone to try it. All the Shantae-games are underrated gems that should really get more love."
76561197986994292,Recommended,253840,32907444,Posted: 27 June,all,Bilkgod,A nice platfomer with good art and good humor. If you're a fan of platformers you'll probably be a fan of this.
76561197994806254,Recommended,253840,32979029,Posted: 29 June,all,haider.ismail,Very good game. Light hearted humour and fun gameplay
,Recommended,253840,29068296,Posted: 6 January,all,♥Ashley♥,"Not going to write something long for this one. Simply put it's a well animations and entertaining game. While it has some drawbacks such as being a little short it's charm and fun attitude well make up for these. Certainly worth full price, if you're curious wait for a sale but certainly worth the money."
76561198272341448,Recommended,253840,28924329,Posted: 1 January,all,admel,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is the fourth Shantae game in the series, and is a pretty good game overall.The minute I started playing this, I was instantly blown away by the amazing graphics and catchy soundtrack the game had to offer. Unlike previous Shantae games, almost all the songs in the sountrack are not remixed and are completely new (one of them being Burning Town). The characters are humorous and lovable, just as usual.In terms of gameplay, Half Genie Hero is a very fun and enjoyable experience. The platforming and quests aren't very difficult. The game itself isn't very difficult either; at most, something in a boss battle catches you off guard but when you try again it's simple. The game is very linear, and there are no dungeons or labyrinths unlike previous Shantae games. Despite these differences, the game is still extremely fun to play and I see it as WayForward trying a new, fresh approach to making a Shantae game. Half-Genie Hero still has its fair share of backtracking to collect secret items, though.The only complaint I have about this game is the amount of content. It feels a bit short. The game also has a weaker plot structure compared to the other games. My first playthrough of the game, collecting everything, took me approximately eight hours. There are always the achievements, though, and you'll probably have to play the game some more if you want them all. The game is good, though, so no trouble. Also, additional downloadable content for Half-Genie Hero is scheduled to come out soon. It looks really interesting and will add more things to do in the game.Overall, I would definitely recommend Half-Genie Hero to anyone who likes Shantae, platformers, or anyone who just wants to play a well-made game. The game has a bit of an arcade feel to it, kind of like Mega Man, and is very entertaining and simple to just pick up and play. While the game may seem short, extensions will be released in the near future. The game is definitely worth playing (especially multiple times) and I suggest picking it up and experiencing it yourself, too.edit: a few soundtracks were remixed"
,Recommended,253840,28990647,Posted: 3 January,all,ShadowRFox,"It's no secret I love the Shantae series, and I've been waiting for this game to come out since I seen the kickstarter page. Now its out and it time to see if it was worth the wait.Story: Shantae Half-Genie Hero take place after the events of Shantae Pirate's Curse but if you haven't played it don't worry. The game stand on it own.Shantae is the guardian genie of the town and spend her days solving problems and stopping pirates. After a strange dream followed by a pirate attack, Shantae set off again to save her town.The story is straight forward. Not as much character development as previous games, but it felt like a good game for new players to jump onto the franchise.Gameplay: Shantae can jump and hair whip her opponents into submission. As a Genie she can dance and transform into various creatures to gain access to new areas. You can buy upgrades for Shantae hair whip at the item shop and also buy magic spells. The magic spells have always seem to break the game. If you're a completionist  than you're going to upgrade all your magic and with magic that can make you invulnerable, well let just say some bosses become a cake walk. But they give you option in the menu to disable any upgrade if you feel the game is too easy.Final Comment: Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a good game for new players to start at, and veterans will be glad to see the return of loved characters. If you like platformers than Shantae: Half-Genie will grant one of your wishes."
,Recommended,253840,31088855,Posted: 11 April,all,WalrusQuake,There's a cute girl with boobs and also the platformer is fun and also Jake Kaufman is good at music writing and also I like piracy so also that's good
,Recommended,253840,32964456,Posted: 28 June,all,🎃SpookySnippy🎃,Lots of fun playing. Love the art and the music. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,253840,34348749,Posted: 19 August,all,pingas,"Please, just don't call it a ""pooptoot"""
,Recommended,253840,29617795,Posted: 31 January,all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Target Audience:Non-Difficult Platforming Fans, or Those who want an enjoyable, relaxing rompSummary:The 4th game in the Shantae series (the GBC game counts damn it), Wayforward put a bunch of emphasis in revamping the presentation this time around: and the change definitely works. While I still enjoyed the more classical pixel style of the older series, this new art style brings colors that jump off the screen, while still keeping the animation quality at the series high standards. And while the sound design does leave a bit to be desired, the music is fantastic as you would expect when Jake Kaufman is involved (Shovel Knight, Shantae series fame). This game is just a pleasure to look at, and the character design is probably the best it has ever been in the series.The gameplay on the other hand has taken a step back. While the platforming is still enjoyable, its difficulty in combat has taken a step back from Pirate's Curse, as some of the returning transformations such as the monkey form make dodging enemies a breeze. The emphasis on movement over combat still shows off the smart level design Wayforward is known for. And the boss fights do bring it a bit more this time around, as they are better designed then in Pirate's Curse. But a lack of length in gameplay and just a overall lack of difficulty plagues the game a bit.Overall, the game still is an enjoyable romp that keeps with the Shantae style. If you've liked the previous games in the series, you'll love Half-Genie Hero. Just don't expect an evolution in the gameplay.Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgfpjp1KdYMLists:Positives:The art work and presentation change is fantastic, as the new color and line work really bring Shantae and her dancing booty to life on the screen.Good color choices as always: putting the foreground and the action elements with the stronger hues.Music selection by Jake Kaufman is fantastic, appropriate for the levels in question.Boss fights have definitely gone up a notch, as they felt like more of a test of my overall skills then previous games. Giga Mermaid fight was a prime example of a good difficulty: not too hard, but needing to take some skill in order to execute.Good humor as always from the writers of Wayforward. Some groan worthy puns as always, but it's the good kind of humor.Level Design great as always. Always good to go through the first time, but still fun to go through on the next few playthroughs.Enemy variety is good. Good mix ups of melee versus range.Good difficulty for the casual player.Performance is flawless. 60 FPS with no drops.Character design elements are fantastic as always. Being able to recognize Shantae in her transformations is fantastic through the specific characteristics like her headband and her eyebrows.Negatives:The gameplay's combat has taken a step backwards. A bit easier to deal with enemies, and the enemies just don't pose the challenge they did in Pirate's Curse.Was Hoping for more after beating the game. I know that more content with new characters is coming later, but I found myself disappointed.Sound Design does leave a little bit to be desired, as some sounds seems to be missing, while others don't make a lot of sense in the big picture. Squeaky sounds on grabbing metal rings for example.Shorter then the last games, and to me it showed a bit. Just didn't have the same impact over the full game's length.The Genie sub-plot here doesn't work as well as other games plot lines. The thread connecting the various substories is missing, unlike in Pirate's Curse.Keyboard default configuration must have been done with someone with giant hands.Missing sound sliders."
,Not Recommended,253840,31738396,Posted: 13 May,all,Superscooter,"I could explain why I'm not recommending this game despite the great visuals, evident polish, and amazing music. But I won't, because that means I'd have to go back to the beginning. Of the stage. AGAIN.Unlike the three previous games before it, this game has wild spikes in difficulty yet is incredibly easy overall. It's a test in frustration because you know you're going to keep dying to this one BS instakill part you're stuck on even though you have way too much money and healing items to compensate. And the ♥♥♥♥ing backtracking, goddamn. I like metroidvanias and platformers! But why do I need to do probably five straight tasks in a highly specific order? Some of the clues given by townsfolk will make you go to one stage again just to see if one new thingamajig is there (and most of the time its very small), sometimes the thing you want to get is something you can't get yet because oh no you have to go to THIS level first to get THIS levels item, even though nothing the townsfolk said points you where to go FIRST, and that doesn't help when there are only five levels! So much wasted time. So you'll be playing the same five levels over and over, not counting the times you're playing a level you shouldn't be. The funding amount on the Kickstarter and puddle depth this game has shows when you combine the two factors. WayForward generally does a decent job, but they put all their effort into visuals first this time around.4/10"
76561198075702762,Recommended,253840,28732066,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,yummybluewaffle,I'm still early in the game but so far music is great and animations/ overall artwork is great.Cons: So far Scuttle Town (main hub area) lags a lot whenever i enter it and the game takes a long time to even start up. controls are a little weird. Seems to be meant for a controller. Will definitively see this game through as i have high hopes for the franchiseStill love what i got so far and for sure is a shantae game with its little jokes here and there
,Recommended,253840,33474886,Posted: 12 July,all,Xenosium,"Shantae: Half Genie Hero is the latest installment of the Shantae series, after being successfully Kickstarted back in 2013 and easily surpassing its $400,000 goal. I believe they used this money well to improve the game both visually and audibly. I have not ever played Pirates Curse, and so this will not be a comparison between the two.Positives:Fantastic VisualsHalf Genie Hero got a serious visual update compared to other Shantae games, and it really pays off. With smooth 60 FPS animation, the game is stunning to behold and has detailed backgrounds often with many things going on in them as well (If you wait long enough in Mermaid Falls Factory, Bolo passes by on a hook with a fish attached to his head). This visual improvement ensures that people who are deterred from older pixelated graphics won't miss out on the classic Shantae character and platforming appeal.Catchy MusicWhile on the topic of visuals and audio, the soundtrack to Half Genie Hero is AMAZING, easily some of the best platforming music I've heard in ages. All of the tracks bring back memories of Sonic the Hedgehog and other 80s - 2000s platforming classics with that catchy beat and backing tunes. They all have their own unique appeal and their greatest strength is a lack of weakness. Even the worst of the music in the game is still good, while the best can get stuck in your head for days.Lack of Boring DialogueThe characters may not have much in the way of dialogue variety, but what they do have is very good. Each conversation is full of personality, which may be further amplified if you have played all the previous Shantae games and already know all these characters. My only complaint is that there isn't much dialogue at all, most of the game is obviously focused on the platforming aspect.Now, down to the real stuff.Tight GameplayThe gameplay is phenomenal. Shantae handles very well, as all Platformers should, and any damage I took was usually my own fault for not avoiding or predicting what I knew was already there. There are only a few jumps and sections where Shantae's handling comes into question, but these are small parts of the overall game and do not take away from the experience.Revisiting Areas is Actually FunShantae plays sort of like an old Metroid game, where visiting old areas is highly encouraged. By gaining new transformations and abilities, whenever Shantae goes back to a level there is always something new to explore or unlock. This exploration is always rewarded with useful transformations and items (Except for the two useless crystal items, but I digress). For people who love to discover new secrets, this is definitely a plus. If you are not a big fan of constant back tracking, that's a shame, but the the incredible visuals and music may just make it more tolerable than you would think.Good Enemy DiversityThe enemies have a good diversity to them in the levels, and while many of them are similar (mechanically) all of them feel well-suited to the areas they belong in. Some enemies have unique traits and abilities that must be figured out first before defeating them, which is a good challenge to have during the rest of the gameplay. It doesn't suffer from ""Mario Enemy Syndrome"", where every enemy is only a threat by walking at you in a slightly different way. No one enemy feels unbalanced, ensuring that every area is enjoyable and unique.Bosses are an Enjoyable SpectacleAll the bosses in the game are a blast to fight, with their own mechanics and tricks to figure out much like some of the unique enemies. Each one presents its own challenge, and while some are easy others are fairly challenging to juggle around without the help of magic. Each boss was something to look forward to at the end of a level, like the topping on a cake.NegativesUnfortunately, as will all games, Shantae is not all flowers and butterflies. It has its own share of problems.Way Too Easy:The base game in Half Genie Hero is easy with even moderate platforming skill. Enemies are predictable (As are most platformer enemies) and can be killed easily with practice. This is made so easy to the point of being almost impossible to die with the use of magic and the Magic Tiara, which can turn you invincible, do massive damage, and cheese the final escape section. However, those seeking a challenge can attempt Hard Core Mode, which gives a massive boost to enemy damage, attack speed, adds more mobs, and boosts boss AI. Hard Core Mode is a good challenge, albiet a little TOO challenging at time. But what do you expect? It's called Hard Core Mode, not Slightly Harder Mode.Massive Difficulty Spike in the Final LevelThe final level of Half Genie Hero ramps the difficulty up tenfold, and it cannot be reduced through spells like most other areas can. There is a flying section that requires precise control of the Harpy transformation, which at the best of times handles like a hyperactive dog on roller skates. This is followed by an escape level with very questionable hitboxes on vital handholds, leading to potentially numerous frustrating deaths. This final escape can be easily cheesed by using magic, however. All I can really say is to hang in there and do your best!Underwhelming Final BossWhile I won't spoil it for those that care, the final boss is possibly the easiest boss in the game, made even easier if you found the Harpy Talon item while backtracking. It's not a deal breaker, but it makes the ending slightly less satisfying than it could have been. This one is a minor gripe, the boss is still fun to fight.ConclusionAll in all, while it has its negatives, Shantae: Half Genie Hero is certainly worth the buy. There is even more DLC on the horizon, with Risky Boots herself being playable with a full campagin in the near future. It's worth the full price, and especially worth it if on sale."
,Recommended,253840,28569301,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SpyroGuy,"Here it is, mentlegen! The third Shantae game has finally arrived (MY third Shantae game anyway)!Boy, this one was worth the wait. Both the animations and the gameplay are silky smooth, the music and the jokes are as good as ever and while I feel that the overall gameplay difficulty may have been dumbed down a little, there are also some new ways built into the game which enables all players to customize the stuff (power-ups/abilities) that they want and don't want to use, so they can manually make their game experiences harder for themselves if they find it too easy.It's so easy that I actually managed to get a 100% right during my first playthrough with some microscopical help.Easy as it may be, it's just as much fun to play. Backtracking no longer feels like the chore now that the dungeons are removed altogether and thanks to the buttload of new transformations and the majorly increased visual quality added to the once again catchy tunes and wacky gameplay it's ensured that you won't get annoyed about the fact that you have to visit the very same place for the 6th time.If the difficulty or the P.O.O.P.load of dungeons were the only things holding you back from getting a sip of the Shantae universe, then now is the perfect time to join our forces of relentless belly dancers.Together we shall dance through the danger! (and we'll never fail!)A must have for Shantae fans and highly recommended for fans of Raymanish games.P.S.: WayForward, you have my moniez for any future DLC content."
76561197987256121,Recommended,253840,32860415,Posted: 27 June,all,Blitz,"Great side-scroller platform game with an old-school feel to it. The graphics are beautiful, the soundtracks are incredible, and the controls handle well."
,Recommended,253840,28517864,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Touch Fluffy Tail,"*sees boss 2*""She has HUGE.. tracks of land!"""
76561198000563231,Recommended,253840,28553940,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,The Plasma Wisp,"This is a solid game, with plenty of charm and great gameplay.  I love hearing the intro song for the first stage, and there's so many little tidbits to make this game extra nice.  I'd say it has that ""Nintendo Polish""... like you know when something's added into a game that's not nessessary but adds positive spice to the presentation and emmersion of the world?  That's the ""Nintendo Polish.""The dance transformations are back and they're great, with little time used to transform to different animals and objects for all your platforming/spell needs.  And I think the best part is the fact when you get an item like the Max Attract (third tier item) you can switch them off and go into every stage with as little equipment as you'd want, giving you a little challenge should you wish it.  It's wonderful to have that as an option, especially if folks want to challenge one another to beat the game with certain aspects. (hint hint Mr. Dragonrider Completionist ;D )As for completing the game, achievements and all, it's very doable.  So long as you've got a good memory for all item locations and a good place to farm the cash, and with the bonus Hero Mode when you beat the game once, you'll have a fun time.  And I'm looking forward to when the DLC for a new story mode is available.  n_nShantae: Half-Genie Hero is Highly Recommended for all players."
,Recommended,253840,29204253,Posted: 12 January,all,Jannik,"I love Shantae: Half Genie Hero. I never played any Shantae game before, but saw some lets play some lets plays of the Shantae games.Positiv:+Creative Level Design+Real nice animation+Good music+Future DLCs+character Deisgn is really goodCons:-Game is kinda short,-My GPU Fan gets faster when I click out of the window for too long and it slows down when I play again.If you are looking for a creative Platformer, this game should be your Choice."
,Recommended,253840,29456241,Posted: 23 January,all,Crane,"This is a really fun game, Nice gameplay, nice art, nice boobs, nice story, nice comedy, and nice boobs."
,Not Recommended,253840,32906255,Posted: 27 June,all,NegativeRainbow,"First things first, the music and visuals in this game are fantastic, my issues with this game lie 100% in the gameplay.In this game, unlike previous shantae games, the levels are treated like sonic style stages split into different acts, rather than the more metroidvania style zones in past shantae games. This wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing, as new transformations make replaying levels legitimately interesting at first, but as you play more, the pace of the game starts really falling apart.You gain new transformations after beating the boss of each level, so you're immediately unable to explore your new abilities unless you replay old levels, which you are forced to do because after every level you are handed a fetch quest to get the macguffin to lead to the next level. This gets old very quickly, especially when you have to go back to levels that you've already replayed once before, the warp dance and the whistle only speed this up so much. This gets more extreme when you find that your transformations aren't enough, and it's only after exploring for a while that you find an upgrade for your transformation to help you finish the fetch quest. Exploring on your own is also not very rewarding, because often you either run into a wall where you need a future transformation you don't have yet, or all you've managed to do is find a future macguffin before you were told to. This makes progression feel slow and awkward and ultimately nowhere near as fulfilling as past shantae games.One other nitpick, the pacing in levels is sometimes off too, for example lazers, spikes, and pits won't just damage you, but also teleport you back to the start of a stage, so puzzles full of this obstacles don't just damage you, but also revert so much progress that getting back gets legitimately frustrating. I think if this issue alone was solved, the game overall might be much less frustrating to play through.Overall, if you want to get this game to experience the music and art, and are willing to bear with the poor pacing in gameplay, then go ahead. If not, you might want to pass this one up."
76561198054731577,Recommended,253840,29029079,Posted: 5 January,all,Kai Bannon,"Pros:+Fun central gameplay mechanic (transforming is neat and theres quite a few to use)+Dope♥♥♥♥♥music+The art style is something new and different for the series+Tight controls and a fair bit of challenge. The game definitely isnt easy.+TONS of quality of life changes from the previous gamesCons:-Uninteresting (In some cases downright bad) bosses. Worm boss anyone?-Story basically doesn't exist-Something about the design here feels really bizzareIts fun, its cute but its not very deep and alot of the game just feels... off. The central story is essentially nonexistant, and you just get thrown into one level after the next, all of which are self contained and have no bearing on eachother besides the pickups you get. Characters are introduced directly before theyre relevant and then forgotten about when their level is over, and at one point the game even forgot that shante had been acompanied by 3 of her friends until the level was over and the boss was defeated.Its a good game, just not as good as i feel like it could have been with a bit more cohesion."
,Recommended,253840,32880594,Posted: 27 June,all,Swift Winds,"love the game , good music, good bosses, love it, would definently recomend!"
,Recommended,253840,28569258,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Scout,"I'm somewhat disappointed in this installment, but it was still a solid experience overall.If you're a newcomer: Shantae is a 2D platforming metroidvania series, and this is the 4th installment. It's got very well executed gameplay and controls. Shantae can transform into various animals to get around the area. There's a bunch of world to explore with their own themes and hidden secrets. It's very linear and easy compared to the previous installments, so I would recommend getting this one first to get a feel of the series, but overall I feel Shantae and the Pirate's Curse was a much better game.If you're a veteran: This game left a bittersweet feeling in my mouth. Half Genie Hero is still a well done game, but it feels so terribly bare bones compared to Pirate's Curse and Risky's Revenge. It's much shorter at about 5 hours long, way too easy especially with upgrades, no dungeons, very linear compared to the other games, plot that is very boring and goes nowhere, generic and few interesting setpieces, much smaller and linear stages that don't have any emphasis on exploring since most ""hidden"" objects just require a dance or upgrade you don't have yet. However, with all that said, it's no Shantae on GBC. What the game does, it does well. I just feel it lacks in a lot of areas, but it's by no means bad. Worth picking up on a sale if you loved Pirate's Curse."
,Recommended,253840,28593277,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dr.Doctor the Potioneer,"-Rotty, what were you doing with that dark shard?-Dont ask.I dont think i wanna know."
,Recommended,253840,33002475,Posted: 29 June,all,Phatcat,"Very cute, Platformer.Controls are tight, get it if you need a new side scroller :D"
,Recommended,253840,30663532,Posted: 21 March,all,HENTAI GOD  あへがお,"A cute, colourful platformer that just feels fun to play. The music is fantastic, and as someone who has not played the previous entries in the series the transformations were a fun and new way to explore levels. Plenty of collectables and power ups keep you coming back to the same levels over and over with renewed purpose. Only downside is that completionists will be relatively over powered by the end-game and will breeze through the last bit with little worry."
76561198103590861,Recommended,253840,31842894,Posted: 19 May,all,Yare Yare Daze,"The only other Shantae game i've played is pirates curse and even though alot of people see it as the best in the series (and for good reason) This game almost surpasses it. Alot of people complain about the transformation mechanic being to slow and annoying, but i really don't see a problem with it as it is fast and easy to use. All the transformations have a unique feel to them and are fun to use although some of them are a little bit useless. So if that was a turn off for you i think you should reconsider. Half genie hero does a great job at mixing progression with the backtracking system. I really felt like i was experiencing everything the levels had to offer instead of just rushing through them. And if you managed to find an item that you needed later you felt really good. Other than that i don't have much else to say. With lovable charachters, enjoyable gameplay, and an ABSOLUTELY AMAZING SOUNDTRACK!!! Seriously it's freaking awsome. I can only recommend this game to everyone! both hardcore fans and newcommers.I hope they make more shantae games."
,Recommended,253840,29198733,Posted: 11 January,all,Times,"10/102017 is off to a great start(even though it released in very late 2016 shhh)with the release ofShantae: Half-Genie Hero, and let me tell you, it was worth the wait.  I was so excited for this game, I had to buy the steam version even though I already backed the game, because I just couldn't wait for my copy to arrive.Being in development for for nearly four years after a sucessful Kickstarter isn't always good, and I think we were all worried about a repeat of a certain blue helmeted robot boy's mistakes. Happily though, Wayforward has delivered in spades. Even though it's only January, I can already tell this is going to be one of my favorites, if not definitive favorite.Let's go over a few of Shantae's merits, if I may:The controls are as tight as you could ever want. Never once did I feel as if I messed up ro died because things were out of my control.The music is astounding. Wayforward always does good soundtracks, but they've gone above and beyond for this. It even has it's own single ""Dance Through the Danger"". The first time a Shantae game has had a voiced song, and it's absolutely wonderful. I've been listening to it all week.The art design is beautiful.  The colors and lighting will make sweet, tender love to your eyeballs.Demerits? I can't really think of any. There are some things I'd have liked that aren't there, but nothing that takes away from the experience.The first two games, the original and Risky's Revenge, had sprawling overworlds between dungeons, and while I really liked those and kind of miss them, I can see why they were removed from this game. The dungeons here are the focus, and I think they're stronger for getting the full spotlight.The game is very short. Spent about 8 hours on my first playthrough, but I enjoyed those 8 hours so much, I immediately tried to speedrun the game on 'Hero Mode' right after finishing, so replay value is high.I thought the dificulty was absolutely perfect. Challenging at the right times, and with simple portions as breathers. Some people may find it a little easy, though."
76561197989678619,Recommended,253840,28534174,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hibachi,"Just finished it.It's great fun.My only gripe would be it's too easy once you start unlocking more health and some of the magic spells - the game is quite bad at scaling the difficulty, but it's still really enjoyable nonetheless.I didn't had any technical problems (970M, 1920*1080, Win 10) so I can't really say much about them, but be wary they exist at the time this review is written, so check the forums.Anyway. If you're looking for a casual platformer, you can't go wrong with this. Buy it.On game lenght : 100% item completion, took me about 8 hours, without guides, and two items had me searching for a while. So it's a bit on the short side.That said there's still stuff to do even after that, with a new game + mode (transformations unlocked) and some achievement hunting if you're so inclined (including a 100% speedrun), plus some DLC modes are waiting to be released to replay the game as different characters."
76561197981588360,Recommended,253840,30607984,Posted: 18 March,all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drA fun, if simplistic, platformer with lots of metroidvania-esque backtracking.  8/10Ps & Cs+ Beautiful artwork+ Not everything is voiced (you'd hate it if it were)+ Lots of secrets to find+ A hard mode (which I recommend over the regular game)- VERY easy (on normal)- Levels don't connectNitty GrittyThis was a competent platformer.  If you choose to play, I'd recommend playing on Hard Mode, as normal is a joke (I think I died via damage like 3 times).  The plot isn't anything to write home about, but it's told tongue-and-cheek and it's cute enough.  You'll do lots of backtracking as there are tons of secrets that require advanced abilities to get through.  I got a solid 8 hours out of it, and I managed to collect about 90% or so of all of the games secrets.  Worth $20, for sure.  8/10"
,Recommended,253840,32757806,Posted: 24 June,all,Wild Boy,"It's fantastic. No problem whatsoever with the settings, colorful, fun characters, comfy soundtrack and great gameplay.Instead of spending 60+ bucks in AAA full of bugs, shady agenda and denuvo, get this and f*cking enjoy it.Remember that games should be fun!"
,Recommended,253840,29066928,Posted: 6 January,all,MeaslyMender,"PROS:- Amazing artwork, and the animations as always are fluid.- The dialogue and character interactions are pretty funny.- Jake Kaufman provides another great soundtrack.- Good platforming challenges- Controls are snappy and responsive, the best in the series so far.CONS:- The overall length is a bit short. I finished my first run in around 6 hours.- I missed the dungeons that were in previous Shantae games. The levels in 1/2 Genie Hero are more similar to Megaman stages.- Some of the transformations are just a pain to deal with. Looking at you, mouse.- The checkpoints are few and far between, which is made more frustrating with the inclusion of bottomless pits and instant-kill traps.- *Added 8-10-17* There is a bug where the audio levels are maxed out until you get to the file select screen. I don't appreciate having my eardrums blown out just because of an obvious oversight. Way Forward should have fixed this bug a while ago, but I guess over half a year just wasn't enough time to fix it.It's a good game, you should consider getting it. There will also be more characters added that will drastically change (or so we're told) how you play the game (*Edited 8-10-17* The DLC characters are only free if you backed the kickstarter, how disappointing.)Fans of platformers will surely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,253840,29552853,Posted: 28 January,all,Data_Lore,"Really cute platformer,Character design and hand drawn animations are amazingLots of fun"
,Recommended,253840,31867246,Posted: 20 May,all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"Not the best game in the Shantae franchise but Pirate's Curse would have taken a miracle to surpass, and all in all this is good for the Shantae fans among us."
76561198061307206,Recommended,253840,31008891,Posted: 7 April,all,Ruhan,A solid platformer with a great HD aesthetic and decent music.
,Recommended,253840,28576964,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pmma,"Great Game, Amazing Visuals, Amazing Soundtrack as expected from WayForward.I kinda regret not backing up the kickstarter, but blame those who gave kickstarters a bad name."
76561198051440614,Recommended,253840,29179031,Posted: 11 January,all,KillerG,"A fantastically well crafted game that is the definition of smooth. Platforming feels nice, killing enemies is fun, and all the animations/visuals flow like melted butter. My only real problem with it is that it gets easier as it goes on (provided you increase your max health and get the bikini armour) and it ends up being very easy to tank damage and just spam attack bosses. However, it makes up for it all with an amazing visual design, smooth gameplay and personality.8/10 - cute girls and jumping is fun"
,Recommended,253840,28767117,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Grease Feast Anomaly,"Colorful game with plenty of eye candy and moderate ""lol"" inducing dialogue.Gameplay is pretty Metroidvania, you will be revisiting previous levels to grab tons of items but it's not a big hassle with the transform system and warp dance to move through the level without having to go through absolutely everything.Even if you haven't played the previous game, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, I feel as if the story and characters would still be easily digestable for a new person to follow. The music and colors are great, you can even play on keyboard instead of a controller and if you set up your keys just right you can play one handed.The only two issues I had with this game are that if you run at a 144hz monitor you have to turn down the refresh rate to 60 or the game will only run at 33 fps, and I feel as if the game was a little bit too short. I would've liked maybe 1 or 2 more full levels before beating the end. Other than that, I give it a 9/10."
76561198284534823,Recommended,253840,32907127,Posted: 27 June,all,mhms,My only issue is that it was over too soon. Really fun game with loveable and quirky characters
,Recommended,253840,29370354,Posted: 19 January,all,[HG] reploidzerox,"I've been greatly enjoying some of the most recent WayForward games lately and this one is definately on the peak of enjoyment. Ever since they made A Boy and His Blob for the Wii, they have had this asthetic of hand drawn animations and amazing backdrops. I feel that Ducktales Remastered helped them solidify their style. And they brought it to Shantae, their own IP. And this game shines for so many reasons. Their art style brings every little detail to life. The music is really catchy, especially the one with lyrics you encounter early on. The gameplay gives this sense of exploration that fits the Metroidvania style of coming back to places once you have new powers. It is fun to play.Now, there are a couple gripes I've got. The game length is pretty short. Getting near 100% took me just about 6 hours to do. If the game had maybe a level or two more, I'd feel more satisified. There is also a huge issue in Mermaid Falls in the factory setting. At one point, you are jumping from hook to hook, but they are not in sync to always line up. I've spent a great deal of time just trying to get up the first time I played. It was frustrating.But beyond the slight flaws, I have to say I love this game. This is one I'd suggest you pick up and normal price if you love exploring based side-scrolling games. If you're on the fence, maybe wait for a sale, but I don't regret getting this game."
,Recommended,253840,28937126,Posted: 2 January,all,Crossfire,A great game that further cements the series as a solid platforming adventure!
76561198004606775,Recommended,253840,28556957,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheRunelord,"What can I say, it's more Shantae. Exactly what I was craving.Most of the level designs are brilliant -- some clever ways to tell the story.  So many great surprises. Plus it all just feels like Shantae.I can't wait for the DLC to play the side character's stories."
,Recommended,253840,28891833,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,vtnwesley,"Absolutely fantastic old-school platformer with delightfully silly story and characters. If you like your Marios and Mega Mans and Shovel Knights, this might be for you! Just finished the main game for the first time with 97% completion."
,Recommended,253840,30695522,Posted: 23 March,all,Natural Aura,"While the game does lack a lengthy story, it makes up for it in both stage development and combat!It's really is funny, I'd already unlocked every achievment and beat the game on all three modes 100%... within a couple days (20.2 hrs).  Where did all the time go? ::>-<::"
76561198008497809,Recommended,253840,30625066,Posted: 19 March,all,Woo Whitney,Ok this game is worth 20 buck (on sale is even better :) ) It is a solid platformer with secrets to find by getting more powers and reaching places you couldn't before. The music is A-MAZING most of the game i was humming and bobbing my head to it. Art direction is nice to look at with vivid colors the way the characters look very cute in my opinion. The game isn't long but it's not short either perfect length for this type of game. Looking forward to further DLC with risky and the gang to play. Would buy again 10/10
,Recommended,253840,33404259,Posted: 9 July,all,Coffeebadger,"What can I say? This is a beautiful game, both in game design and art. If you are a fan of Castlevania, Megaman, cuteness with a sprinkle of fan service, you will love this game!"
,Recommended,253840,30744392,Posted: 25 March,all,Sevenut,"I rate this game an 8/10.It's got good graphics, good characters, and some good music. The controls are tight and responsive and there's a lot to find. However, the final boss was a little repetitive and the writing was a little lazy at some points. All in all, It's a pretty good platforming game. Buy it, if you want."
76561198032007565,Recommended,253840,30696615,Posted: 23 March,all,vasxazard,"Great action platformer. The visuals are fun and colorful, the humor is fantastic, and the characters are very memorable. The only downsides to this game are a weak story and not a whole lot of replay value, but it's definetly a great pick for people who are a fan of the genre and of the visual style. I'd give this game an 8/10. Good for a weekend of fun, short and sweet with more content coming in the future.In short, quick, fun, action platformer, with great art, characters and controls. Weak story, but the other elements make up for that."
76561198041480315,Recommended,253840,30646476,Posted: 20 March,all,locotloki,"Another great game helped through the magic of crowd funding! This is honestly a really fun game. I love the art style and music. Gameplay was fun, but its not as good as the last game. Trust me, if you really want a good time pick up Shantae and the Pirate's Curse. If this game is good, then that one is FANTASTIC!"
,Recommended,253840,30870850,Posted: 1 April,all,Dangerous Beans,"It took me an hour or so to get used to the changes, but after that it was the same familiar Shantae with some fun new stuff.My only criticism is the constant save screens. I get that they're replacing the save rooms, but there ought to be an option to just auto-save instead."
76561198147325702,Recommended,253840,31832592,Posted: 18 May,all,Lost Lightning,"Pros:-The levels are interesting and are very artful.-The game play was good and was fun for me, though admittedly not for everyone-The game's music is fantastic-The unlocked art was fun to look throughCons:-Some of the dances/transformations felt irrelevant and under used. For instance the spider transformation I think I used 2 times after I got it. And I never used any of the third menu dances except for warp and gem jug unless by accident.-I felt that the difficulty was too easy-The game was very short. As an example, I am showing 7.2 hours played right now, but that is 4.5-5 hours to mostly blind 100% the game (I could not find one heart holder in the tower and used a guide, sorry), 1 hour was lost to a game crash, 1 hour was title screen/options menu, and the rest was spent in the art gallery.Overall I would recommend the game to those who like metroidvania style games."
,Recommended,253840,31797116,Posted: 16 May,all,AuxRe,"Beautiful game. I honestly love the platform mechanics on it. It has full HD, unlike other games in the series. It is a very fun platformer game, and it feels like a platformer + semi-RPG + anime. When you pick this up, and you love platformers, anime, and story rich games, it really shows how good this game actually is."
76561198137715441,Recommended,253840,34257866,Posted: 15 August,all,david_ballardjr2001,"I decided to purchase all the Shantae games on Steam just to give them a try. While Pirate's Curse and Risky's Revenge are good, Half-Genie Hero is the best of the three. I'm on the third go around on this series. I've beaten Shantae mode and the extra mode (the one with transformations when you start) and am currently working on hard mode. I am looking forward to the Pirate Queen quest when it is released. This game is addictive, fair warning. You can play this game cleanly even with a low end computer which is what I like about it. Hopefullly more quests will be available soon after Pirate Queen. Looking forward to Sky, Bolo, and the Rottytops quests when they are released. If you are a fan of the Shantae serirs, buy this game, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,253840,34267587,Posted: 15 August,all,RedVelociraptor,"Short, but it has a lot going for it. Great level design that rewards you for exploring and going back to levels to look at places you weren't able to before. Music and graphics just add to this amazing game. I await for the next Shantae adventure."
,Recommended,253840,28553538,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Company Master Balthasar,"Fantastic game, I completed the main story 100% in one, rather long sitting. That is not to say the game is too short or lacking, in fact it is quite the opposite, I pretty much couldn't put it down the entire time. This game is pretty ding dang awesome on all fronts: tight controlls, wonderful visuals, and fun characters.I plan on starting and finishing my Hero Mode run tomorrow!"
,Recommended,253840,29210172,Posted: 12 January,all,Seven Fates,"I've got a lot to say about this game, but not all of it positive. TLDR; Good game, Wait for sale.---Pros:Character Design, Visuals, and Animations: Gone are the days of the retro low-res character sprites and pixelart tiled level design. Each character has high resolution character sprites that are fluidly animated, and the traversable environments are all rendered in cell-shaded 2.5D.Music: Anybody that has played a Shantae game will tell you that it has some of the best music of the platforming genre. A lot of the more memorable leitmotifs from the series, such as the Burning Town and the main theme, return in a number of ways. This include such tracks as Neo-Burning Town, which retains its middle-eastern flair while also taking on a club-music feel, and Dance Through the Danger, which I'm admittedly biased about because Cristina Valenzuela (the voice actress for Shantae's spoken lines) provided A++ vocals for the song. Never get tired of hearing that woman sing. Like all Shantae Games, you'll be hard pressed not to find a track from its soundtrack that hooks you.Puzzles: The game loves to make you look for the solution to finding that one collectable you can see but not get to. At the same time though, they are never too difficult; it's usually just a matter of backtracking, and if you keep up with chatting with the NPCs, you'll never be short on hints. Just keep on exploring. Just be aware that some transformations completely kill puzzles, and some puzzles you can technically complete before you get the ability or power-up required to do them.Boss Battles: One thing I've always liked about the boss battles in the Shantae games is that they are almost always unique, and in Half-Genie Hero, it was no exception. One battle has you relying on bits of the environment introduced in a mission, while another has you running yourself in literal circles as you try to figure out how to actually damage the boss.Transformations: Lots of them. I won't spoil all of them, but a number of the classics from both the gameboy color Shantae title, as well as the returning forms and abilities from Risky Revenge make their return in Half-Genie Hero, in addition to a number of new ones to play with.---Cons:Performance: For a modern game with such modest specs, Half-Genie Hero has its share. For one, the game has Vertical Sync permanently enabled and expects your monitor to have the exact refresh rate of 60Hz, meaning that if you're running on a 120Hz monitor, or you're playing on a TV at a non-60Hz refresh rate, such as one running at 1080i, you're going to have a bad time. It spazzes out on higher refresh rates, and on lower rates, sprites flicker, FPS caps at 30, and within the first minute of the game the camera goes epileptic before shooting off into the void. Even if you're running it at a 60Hz refresh rate on a progressive resolution—say 720p—and your system meets and exceeds the reccomended system specsthere's no guarantee you're going to get that smooth 60FPS the game expects to run at without a bit of fiddling. Case in point, I had to tell Radeon Settings to use the Frame Rate Target Control at 60 just to get that smooth 60 at 720p.Level Design: To put it bluntly, the levels are incredibly short. Most of the dungeons consist of medium or large 'rooms' that require you to navigate back and forth through on the x and y axes, taking into account the elements and obstacles of that particular level. You might be required to hop across a series of platforms that fall if you stand on them for too long, or scale a tall room hopping from moving ring to moving ring. For the most part, it's a far cry from the Shantae standard of dungeons being a series of small interconnected rooms. Heck, it's so simplified that you don't even get a map this time around. This brings me to...World: In the previous Instalment, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, you access to Scuttle Town as your 'hub', from which you had access to a boat which would take you to the world you would then need to navigate and explore, just to get to the dungeon. In Half-Genie Hero, the devs took the 'boat' and decided, ""How about we just drop you right in the 'dungeon' and cut out the middle man."" You just go to Skye's place, hop on her mode of transportation, and off you go to the dungeon select screen. Don't even get me started on Pirate's Curse vs. its predecessor. Of course, to account for the smaller world and bigger, they had to put in a lot of...Padding: With only a series of short dungeons, the devs definitely seemed hard pressed to make sure the game lasted. To account for this, they utilized a number of things to pad out the game. Backtracking was always a big thing in previous Shantae Games, but a lot of it could usually be mitigated by knowing where something was ahead of time. There wasn't TOO much that hinged on you having a specific transformation, or a particular ability for said transformations. I'm not talking about little mini-puzzles that force you to use specific transformations and problem solving, I'm talking about the things that draw things out such asthe mouse form mazes, or one-off abilities such assonar for the bat transformation, which is used for all of one puzzle that can technically be solved without it. You see that collectable on display right out in the open where you can't get it because you don't have a specific ability? You're going to be tormented by those a lot for three quarters of the game until you get that power you don't have. Then of course you have things like rings that disappear from the foreground or the infamous disappearing platforms. If you've played the classic Megaman games, you know exactly what I'm talking about. They're just a right pain to get the timing down on, which just creates...Artificial Difficulty: I just want to say that Half-Genie Hero is not a hard game. That said, it does have segments that will make you want to tear your hair out. For example, in the very final dungeon, you are required to use yourHarpytransformation tonavigate a series of spiked walls, some of which were moving. This might not have been so bad if the game actually gave you reason to use said transformation [which was only just acquired AFTER the second to last dungeon] and some practice, but you're basically thrown into the deep end of the pool with cement sneakers on, and you've been missing leg day lately. It is basicallyFlappy Birdin that section. You have an early segment where you're in a restricted movement auto-scroller, and you need to rely on reflexes and skill to not miss a jump or hit something that will inevitably damage you.This kind of segment returns after the final boss and is cranked up to 11, with shorter platforms, the rings where if you're not placed just right, you will miss and go back to the start, and wall of death that continues to take up more and more of the screen, making the segment a game of memory and reflex as you end up with less and less space to work with. It was, apparently, difficult enough that the devs removed your life bar for this segment. I can only imagine how bad it would have been otherwise.Stretch Goals: In case it wasn't readily apparent, Half Genie Hero is a kickstarter game, and budget can be blamed for some of the shortness. Two of the levels in this really short game were in fact stretch goals. Yep, the game would be shorter if those goals hadn't been met. Iterestingly enough, the very first stretch goal, a mode where you play as Risky Boots, is not present as of this review, and is slated as Coming Soon. So in a way, the launch exclusion of Risky Mode, coupled with the performance issues kinda gives the game an Early Access feel rather than a full launch."
,Recommended,253840,32020240,Posted: 28 May,all,ヴラディスラフ・バシ,Very nice game...
76561198142216449,Recommended,253840,32707963,Posted: 23 June,all,Black Joker,"This game delivers on everything I've come to expect from the shantae series. Fun yet challenging platforming, a great sense of humor, fantastic music, and wondering if my pants have always had that bulge."
76561198047427978,Recommended,253840,29497002,Posted: 25 January,all,Sedra,"I came into this game with low expectations. I really didn't like Risky's Revenge, and never played Pirate's Curse. I was prepared to walk into another boring backtracking marathon.And then The title screen came up and I changed my mind. You can tell a game is going to be great when the freaking title screen makes you excited. I made a new file and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥everything just blew me away. The animations are so fluent, the graphics are amazing, it controls really well, and that was just from the intro section.I soon got into the game, surprised to see it's really more of a metroidvania hybrid of sorts. There are metroidvania elements, but for the most part it plays like a regular platformer. It's like your first time through the stage is normal, and once you clear it you can revisit it to get the stuff you couldn't before. Unlike in RR, the areas are all REALLY interesting. (Mermaid Falls is easily my favorite level in any platformer, actually!) And the backtracking doesn't get old. It'd be nice if there was a minimap of some sort, so you could easily check unexplored areas on the fly. But it's not that hard to figure out without it. I managed to 100% this game in 7 hours, and I enjoyed every minute of it.A bit of a fair warning, though. This game suffers from ""Help the enemy is too cute and I don't want to kill it"" syndrome. Especially prevalent with Nagas, Mermaids, and Slimes. You may take lots of damage from ogling the things out for your head instead of fighting.I don't usually mention music in my reviews, because there's not much to say about it usually, but this has a really great soundtrack. It's a real earworm that pumps you up. And what else could you ask for with a platformer?The game isn't too challenging, as long as you keep yourself upgraded. If you get 99% before the last level, you are basically immortal, as you can infinitely use Invincibility or Total Restoration. And you'll NEED IT. Because WOW that last level is so freaking rough. It's incredibly challenging, much more than the rest of the game. But all that aside, the game is amazing in every other regard. I would easily say it'sMy favorite platformer, ever.9.5/10. Go buy this game."
,Recommended,253840,33495051,Posted: 12 July,all,TSix3,"Start with Hardcore mode!!If you've just finished 'pirate's curse' and want to hop in this title right away. You have to start playing as hardcore mode otherwise it is going to be a walk in the parkand yeah, you gonna hit the 'Continue' button a lot. sometimes 'Quit'"
,Recommended,253840,28772912,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Otts,"Shantae is back with Half-Genie Hero and it's a great game, visually pleasing, great soundtrack as always, and has some great fan service, 10/10"
76561198037949355,Recommended,253840,34264599,Posted: 15 August,all,God Emperor Donald J. Trump,"Shantae has always been my favorite platformer; a fun, quirky, sexy, and creative game that captures the imagination and is pumped full of fun levels, hilarious characters, and neat secrets. Shantae will always remain a classic, and fans of the series- or any sort of platformer- won't be disappointed."
76561198027774242,Recommended,253840,28497339,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DialD4Death,"An excellent addition to the series of this indie wonderengaging, and challenging platforming that requires puzzle solving while adequately balancing both skill and enjoyment for the sake of immersement which brings me to the second part.art as an amazing stylized hybrid of isometric utilizing 3D modeling and bright, cheerful, and handcrafted 2D objects, avatars, and scenery.the story is a little cliched no doubt, the character narratives are still fun and engaging like in the last installments of shantae.from what other reviews are saying the game is shorter than pirate's curse, and i will probably update my review, but for now i am going to recommend this game"
76561197982480003,Recommended,253840,28520506,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Beepner,"WayForward once again delivers on the Mega Man X formula that made Shantae and the Pirate's Curse a success with Half-Genie Hero. A not-quite reboot of sorts, this entry ties together the classic tropes of Shantae's transformations and collectable abilities from the original Gameboy Color entry with the streamlined world design of its immediate predecessor. The game rewards exploring previously visited areas with newly gained abilities, and all but the most impatient of players should find it quite clearable without a strategy guide. Though not a difficult game, there are some puzzle platforming sequences and potentially Klonoa-inspired boss battles to keep things fresh. Although not every bit is a slam dunk (a certain escape sequence comes to mind), Half-Genie Hero makes for a breezy, fun weekend's worth of adventure platforming, and I look forward to tackling it again with the unlockable characters."
,Recommended,253840,28634405,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jena,"I liked it.I wish I could use any of the less needed cute transformations more through the game and not abandon them because they were ""useless"" after a certain time.The last bossfight was cool but I wish it was longer, had more variety in tasks/attacks and could actively use the transformations.The bossfights was boring compared to Pirate Curse and I felt something was missing. Not much of a challenge.I wished the game had more areas to discover and not only 6.I still loved the artwork, music and the characters.I would have given this game a mixed rating if it was possible."
,Recommended,253840,30470312,Posted: 12 March,all,Uncle Benjen,"Easier than the past entries in the series, but still great fun."
,Recommended,253840,28492361,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,God Usopp,The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is unique and original. If you liked previous entries in the series then you should like this one.
76561198304723502,Not Recommended,253840,28876422,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,daerian.dragon,"I should probably say that I’m newcomer to the series and Half-Genie Hero is my first game in the franchise.  I liked the game, which seems strange considering my final vote on it – my final feelings lie somewhere in the middle, but Steam doesn’t have neutral score, so I cannot use this.The game certainly looks polished when you play it – characters look beautiful, music is fantastic and animation fluid. Game plays smoothly and responsively (usually, we will talk later about some forms...). The level design is good and most of the levels are blast to play. Transformation are fun and open a lot of new ways to move though levels, other power-ups and spells make fight interesting and give players a lot of options to dispatch enemies.So far it seems like very nice platformer, doesn’t it? However, the longer you play, the more cracks start to show. There are only few (hub, five main and final) levels, which wouldn’t be a problem – game doesn’t really have to be very long to be good and leave nice impression, but you can see that creators saw short length of the game as big problem and were afraid that it seemed to short. Most of my problems stems from methods they applied to combat this problem.- First, that five main levers? They are very interesting first time you play though them and nice second time, with some small changes in monster or trap placement. However, you better hope you will really like them, because you will be playing them over and over trying to find that missing upgrades necessary to progress your story. At this point I just cannot look at beautifully designed and interesting creepy factory level considering how many times I have to beat it. When you have to give players spell to skip parts of the world to get instantly to next level (you get that and this is immensely helpful, but still doesn’t  eliminate main problem) you really should think if amount of backtracking isn’t too big. At some point it just stop being fun (and I’m a completionist type of player) and start to seem like artificially padding the game’s length.- Instant death traps spanning entire sublevels. Well, they are not exactly instant death (you only lose some energy after failing and are moved to the beginning of challenge), but they are rather long with no checkpoints in the middle. It wouldn’t be that bad, but they are designed for you to fail at least few times before you can play them from memory. Two of them remove most of your special skills and make you fall down slippery slope while jumping over chasm and avoiding barrels (don’t know, maybe it is series tradition? Doesn’t really seem fun), with some jumps timed in the way that you cannot really succeed on them without inhuman reflexes or precise knowledge coming from failing them before – and if you will, you will have to replay entire segment from the beginning.  Another one is “lava rising” type of the level – you need to climb tower while instant kill condition rise from the bottom. This is classic platformer design, however even in Ninja Gaiden series it was clear where you should jump – Shantae sublevel is long and have tons of blind ends, making you constantly fail until you progress to almost the end and can play sublevel from memory where you should move to avoid moving into blind end.- These instant death trap type of sublevels? One of them comes just after final boss. It’s extremely fun to have do trial and error long gameplay segment when you have just won final fight and want to sit back and relax while story unfolds ;-)- There is instant death sublevel build entirely on how unwieldy and full of inertia is one of the transformed Shantae’s forms. I know that controls of that form are bad, you don’t have to show me that so much ;-)- Lots of upgrades seem like afterthought – for example, special power of bat transformation is used exactly once and only to get relic that allows another (not really useful for combat) almost optional form to attack.- There is an upgrade late game (I think you get it for unlocking entire art gallery? Not sure) that gives you unlimited mana allowing for endless casts of spells. Doesn’t seem too bad, strong bonus for completionists, until you realize it means unlimited instant full life heals, unlimited healing items spawn and unlimited invulnerability bubble spell.  Because of that final level consist mainly of instant kill spikes, while final bosses are a joke.- For the end – characters. They seem fun and interesting. They seem to know Shantae, but I have no idea how and why. If you don’t know them from previous installments, there is pretty much zero explanation who they are, how they know Shantae and why are they friends/enemies.To sum up -  I enjoyed most of this game, at least until more annoying parts came up, killing my enjoyment each time. It is a very nice game and I hope there will be next game in the series that will polish problems this one is full of – but at this point, my opinion is a little more negative than positive (I would really like to be able to choose neutral opinion in Steam review options)."
,Not Recommended,253840,29130088,Posted: 8 January,all,Zyl,"I am confused as to what went wrong. Looking back at the previous installations of this series, all that needed some refinement was the minimap and maybe enemy combat. However, Way Forward tries to solve the navigation issues by making all levels linear, completely debilitating a lot of the established core design patterns, and we can see the consequences of this: the game has a mere six levels, yet there are eight transformation abilities, each of which can be further upgraded. The game's world is too small to bring all these abilities to life in a meaningful manner. What follows is the tedious kind of backtracking: Revisiting previous levels to find that one block you could not previously break, that one spot you could not previously climb, that one platform you could not previously reach, all while traversing exhausted content that has lost its meaning by the time you come back with your bag full of upgrades that allow you to fly past everything, just so you can get some thing using some other thing you just got, which, afterwards, you won't be using again, except maybe once in some later puzzle, deliberately designed to make you use the thing, all in order to feign the presence of meaningful choice; but there is none. This design decision spawns further problems, but I'll refrain from emphasizing. By reducing the world to linear levels selected from one central screen, Way Forward has placed an obstacle before themselves that they could not deal with."
,Not Recommended,253840,28547300,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pick Yer Poison,"This game is very cute and has a lot of love poured into it, but suffers immensely from a very bumpy difficulty curve. The developers seem to be either unable or unwilling to create levels that are anywhere between easy and hard.Most of the easy levels feature platforming and enemies, but with little or no consequence for failing the platforming - and enemies can be easily dispatched, ignored, or avoided most of the time. I never once died to any of the enemies, including the bosses, and I imagine most other players will be able to say the same thing.However, some of the levels are completely different, and feature very few enemies, and often difficult or finicky platforming, with the consequence of missing a jump being an instakill, which sends you back to the last checkpoint. Unfortunately, there are very few of these, so falling into a pit can send you back quite a distance.The final zone is where this all culminates into one huge mess. The levels leading up to the final boss consist mostly of screens that are almost literally Flappy Bird, with instant kills lining every wall. Getting through those screens took me significantly longer than beating the final boss itself, and after that I was dropped in an auto-run level that was even more difficult, and took me even longer to complete. I didn't feel a sense of accomplishment by the time I was done; just frustration.Bottom line: Watch a playthrough instead. The difficulty of the levels spikes too much for me to call this a good game, which sucks, because there's a lot of great work put into just about everything else."
,Not Recommended,253840,29114798,Posted: 8 January,all,FURIOUS TEABAGGER,"That game is disappointing gameplay wise. While the universe is brillant, the characters are adorable, the music is great and the controls are close from being perfect, the game requires you to do an incredible amount of backtracking.With only 6 levels, you are required to go back in those levels sometimes more than 5 times just to get what's remaining after you got a new power and progress in the story. The game manages to make that backtracking way less painful with a few mechanics (like that power that allows you to skip a part of a level). You may even say that the backtracking is overall brillantly implemented since everytime you have to go back you would be able to do it way faster than before thanks to your new power. But backtracking faster is still backtracking, even if the develloppers' ideas to make that backtracking not painful were good. In the end, after finishing the game for the first time, I'm not really satisfied and I don't really want to try the new game +.The game is also fairly short. Count around 6 hours to finish it. Maybe a bit more if like me you got stuck somewhere at one point. The fact that the game is short makes all that backtracking even more frustrating and give the feel that all of this is just made to give the feel that the game is longer than it looks. On the other hand, if you're a speedrunner, be aware that Shantae Half-Genie Hero is pretty much tailor made for it.I can't really recommand that game at full price."
76561198125758066,Recommended,253840,28526104,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fritzy,"Absolute master piece. The Graphics might be the best graphics for a platformer ever (up to interpritation) The game play yet simple is always fun. The game is a metroidvania, meaning you will be searching through levels for items instead of just completing the level traditionally. You also tend to go back to levels you completed to find new items to progress the story which can add a ton of replay ability as some of these items are not mandatory and can be pretty neat to play with and score a 100% completion.The story ranges from Above average to good. Some times there are questionable scenes that you may think didn't need to be in the story. But its a pretty simple story and im ok with that. I can dig a game with a simple story because sometimes a simple story is better than a complicated one and i think thats the case here.Overall this game is an amazing platformer with the most stunning graphics in a platformer I've seen and an incredibily rocking sound track and gameplay to back it up. The story may fall short at times but overall is pretty good too and deffinately does not bring the game down by the slightest.Score 9/10"
,Recommended,253840,28520898,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,madsen,"As many others have pointed out it's not really a metroidvania anymore but it's a great game none the less. Beautiful artwork, great music and hilarious writing. However, it's not all rainbows and roses. The game is tediously easy, borderline boring, at some points — especially after certain unlocks. I was literally invincible while fighting the final boss, not particularly challenging. It's still a good game though, and easily worth the money if you liked the other Shantae games."
,Recommended,253840,29090138,Posted: 7 January,all,unforgiven,"Great visuals, great soundtrack.The gameplay feels simplified compared to previous Shantae titles. This is a great introduction to the series."
76561198085483988,Recommended,253840,29045288,Posted: 5 January,all,antimute,"Half-Genie keeps the charm of the characters but tones down the fan service, to the point where I could let me 8 year old daughter play the game as well and not be embarrassed.The action and platforming is also tighter than Pirate's Curse, so overall it's a very good game.If you like Shantae you should definitely get the game, and if you're looking for a charming new world for you or your kids, it's definitely a good pick."
,Recommended,253840,28983656,Posted: 3 January,all,NarrackUK,An incredibly good looking platformer with animations so nice you just stop and stare.Not a hard game but one that feels satisfiying to beat filled with likeable chars.Took me 10 hours to 100% the main mode (but your mileage may vary)I only came across one bug in my play through (where I fell through a wall when entering a room) but that was fixed with a restart.I am happy to recomend this! and im just waiting for the dlc myself now.
76561198076656555,Recommended,253840,28992918,Posted: 3 January,all,cnbillington,"Over all this is a great game. after the first level i was hooked into the game with the art style and the music, but i do wish that the keyboard controles were better. besides that the game is great and i would highly recomend this game to anyone who wants to play a original platformer with an amazing and imersive world."
,Recommended,253840,28985225,Posted: 3 January,all,joLge,First time playing a Shantae game.Completely worth it.
,Recommended,253840,33073218,Posted: 1 July,all,selharxets,Nice soundtrack and good dialogueAlthough there's not much about characters' background(You might want to play previous series)Stages are quite challenging(especially last stage)and on occasion you need to revisit previous stages
76561198071545749,Recommended,253840,33079279,Posted: 1 July,all,Monkey,"A relatively short yet satisfying platformer with some incredible music, immense amounts of sass, and a whole lot of bounce.-The writing, while juvenile in some cases, is adorable and makes the characters have their own individuality, even among the townsfolk.-The music is so good, and it feels almost impossible to avoid dancing in your seat as you play through the levels of the game.-The controls for the game are very pleasant, and the mechanics ramp up at a comfortable pace as you progress, so it's not constantly shoving new information in your face at every turn.Overall, I feel it's a 9/10, looking forward to continue playing the other game modes."
,Recommended,253840,33112866,Posted: 1 July,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:90% YES/ 10% NOGOODGorgeous art and stunning characters. There's so much life and charm in this game when just looking at it. I loved getting every new form and checking out crouch and idle animations. The character designs are hands down my favoriteAll combat feels great. The movement and hair whipping feels real solid.The transformations are a great addition to the game and give me a lot of options in terms of mobility, evading, and damage.Exploration is rewarded often and it's easy to remember where untackled loot hides when you finally unlock the ability. The exemplary thing is that all of the locked off content is easy to recall, like all those flowers you kept seeing everywhere.Level variety is superb. Everytime someone mentioned I go somewhere for an item, I immediately knew which level it was in.Boss designs are slightly simplistic, but are fun and different enough where you might adopt transformations in between combat to leverage their strengths per boss.The game is as difficult as you want to make it. You don't HAVE to collect the extra heart containers and you can easily turn off any obtained equipment / powerups (e.g. armor, infinite magic). I love the player choice in this. It also helps that there is a hardcore mode for those yearning for more.Music has a kick & step to it that made me love strolling around Shantae's home land.NEUTRALThere are a few frustrating segments, like the tower climb and the spiky corridor in final level (until you learn not to use the harpy for that but the monkey bullet hint hint), but nothing really takes more than a few tries to master. Nothing was insurmountably hard given the content.I wish there were more reasons to use some of the transformations. I honestly think there is only one area you need to use the spider form in at all and one other occasion for an achievement, which bummed me out.SUMMARYAn incredible entry in the Shantae series featuring exploration, animal transformations, and some of my favorite character designs of the series. An absolute delight I'd gladly recommend at full price."
,Recommended,253840,28609928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Secret Mantis Man,"This game is just really ♥♥♥♥in good. I honestly don't know how else to put it. The one disclaimer I would give to people is that you do revisit a lot of levels to progress the story. But, each level changes as you beat other stages and there are tons of secrets to unlock in each zone so it doesnt really feel like you're wasting your time. If you're looking for a platformer this is a must have."
,Recommended,253840,33132673,Posted: 2 July,all,bizzychoco,"Wouldn't say this game was as good as Pirate's Curse but Half-Genie Hero is still a damn good platformer. The gameplay is fluid, the art and music is fantastic and the game is kept light hearted as expected of a Shantae game. Only problem is the game is a little too easy on normal mode and some boss fights were just meh. Other than that, its an extremely solid and fun platformer."
,Recommended,253840,28532628,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Stevie Wonder,"This game, so far, has been really fun! I recommend it to people who like a silly adventure and others who like a slight challenge."
76561198160272882,Recommended,253840,29023111,Posted: 4 January,all,Hornet,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ pledged $30 for this game like 2 1/2 years ago, didn't follow it, and after playing I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing glad I didn't follow it. SUCH A MASTERPIECE. Satisfied my metroidvania cravings even if it ain't one, graphics are amazing, ♥♥♥♥ing GG WayForward, hopefully you guys made any money from sales to invest in another entry in this underrated franchise"
76561198114159619,Recommended,253840,29027731,Posted: 4 January,all,Pyro of Hyrule,"Beautiful animations, funny dialog, well balanced mecanics and that classic Shantae feel? What else could you want?"
,Recommended,253840,29249989,Posted: 14 January,all,Senarade,It's just an amazing game. You WILL enjoy it!
,Recommended,253840,28725915,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jerkstore,"Good game. Not the best in the series, but I had fun anyway.There were a couple of parts in the story that I felt were resolved too easily (deus ex machina moments) . WayForward could have easily tweaked the game to fix these ""convenient"" problem resolutions and given the game a lot more depth. I do wish they would have taken a darker turn at certain moments, but I suppose that I should remember that Shantae is a lighthearted series.The transformations are fun, but a lot of them are pretty much useless (mouse, spider, crab, pot, tree, fish IMO). I wish WayForward would have either put more effort into making more levels that used the tranformations or just left out the ones I listed and focused on the others.I had a lot of fun in almost all of the levels. I feel that some had a lot of potential, but were not used to their full potential (hypno baron mansion). My favorite parts were the race up the tower and the carpet race. All in all, it was a good platformer.I wish that the supporting cast would have had a larger part in the game. In previous games, I felt that you got to see Sky, Bolo, and Rotty Tops a lot more. In 1/2 Genie Hero, Sky is basically just your chófer, Rotty is present in maybe three scenes, and doesn't really do anything, and Bolo I think is in maybe three or four parts. I was hoping that you could play as them or have at least a little more interaction in the game. We'll see if they put out DLC that lets you do that.The music, as usual, is superb. I bought the soundtrack after my first playthrough.Overall, it's a good game. I've played every Shantae multiple times, and speed run it a bit, and despite a few flaws in the story and gameplay, it's overall a good game. I recommed you play it (and the others in the series as well)."
76561198027667796,Recommended,253840,29106702,Posted: 7 January,all,Rushifell,"Great platformer, great artwork and excellent soundtrack. Gameplay is solid, atmosphere and dialogue are lighthearted and tongue in cheek, as all Shantae games have been. Complaints in the past have been about how long transforms take with it causing some slowdown in gameplay but that isn't really an issue here, transforms are quick and fluid. Enjoyable and worth the price."
,Recommended,253840,32872270,Posted: 27 June,all,Thoraxe,Fun platformer with a great art style and hilarious characters! Feel quite short though.
,Recommended,253840,28569193,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jObEfiSH,One of the most beautiful games I have ever played and the art style is SO smooth.
,Recommended,253840,28748060,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Scooble,"My review may contain minor spoilers, you have been warned.Many other reviewers are going into the specifics of why this game is a great buy, I pretty much agree with all of them so I'll save you time on that. I'll just talk about what I would have liked to have seen instead:- Closure on who's Shantae's mom (I have a feeling about who her father is)- Closure on Rottytops and her brothers finding out about their pasts (cliffhanger from previous game)- I would have liked to have learned more about Sequin Land's Sultana, but as of yet there isn't even concept art of her.- Boss Rush mode (I know the DLC for bolo, sky and rottytops weren't successfully funded, so I'm not worried about that)This is really nitpicky stuff, I'm honestly grasping at straws to find any flaws with this one. If this isn't wayforward's last Shantae game, you can pretty much ignore this review, I'm treating it as though it is.Other than that, this is easily the best Shantae game in the series to date (I've been playing since GBC, still have my tinkerbat transformation!), the visuals are outstanding, the soundtrack is out of this world, the writing is still funny. Definitely worth a buy if you liked Pirate's Curse.  I will definitely be replaying for 2 heart runs, speed runs and mono-animal runs in hero mode."
,Recommended,253840,28516170,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,michaeltm83,"My favorite Shantae game to date! A great game from start to finish! Although getting 100% completion wasn't actually that bad, I had a lot of fun and I would highly recommend it to anybody who's even slightly interested!P.S. Game's running at 60fps constantly as well, no frame drops as far as my playthrough went (But my rig's probably kinda overkill for this type of game), but I'm pretty sure it will run well on any mid-range GPU or better!"
,Recommended,253840,28731412,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bewitching Tribbles,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is Shantae's newest game, Kickstarted by the fans. Updated for the modern age and brought to Steam, the game is in full color (big shock) with a wonderful ""indie"" feel. Is it any good? Let's find out!Story: 7/10(Quirky and fun, but awkward pacing)Shantae's story in this game is fairly straightforward. It's definitely an indie-written story, but it wears that designation on its sleeve. The story itself is like the game: Quirky and fun. However, its pacing is somewhat awkward. It's not bad, but it seems to have some sections that drag on from a lack of direction (Thankfully, ""Bathroom Angel"" can fix that somewhat) and some that blow by.There's also some funny references and 4th-wall-breaking. The writing itself is fantastic, giving everyone personality and charm. I just wish the story itself was paced a little better and the initial directions you're given at the start of each quest were clearer, but nothing in the story has made me consult a walkthrough yet.Characters: 10/10 (YESYESYESYESYESYESYES)OK, I have to gush about the writing for the characters. There is so much charm and personality to the characters, ESPECIALLY Shantae. Shantae is a mixture of a straight-woman to the weirdness, a generic hero-type (played with), an airhead (without being a motor-mouth), and a bit of thickness. (She's not dense by any means, she seems pretty smart, just naive.) I like all of the characters and their dialogue is all great.Gameplay: 8/10 (Well-refined platformer with a bit of side-scrolling brawler)Shantae is evocative of the old-school Nintendo platformers, including some Metroidvania elements. You jump around like a maniac looking for platforms, look for every tiny hint to a secret/easter egg/new power-up, and some Castlevania-like brawling.Shantae's also bringing some tricks to help make platforming better and uncover more secrets. She can use her Belly Dance (which has an adorable animation) to transform into different Forms, each with their own unique traits, jump height, attacks (or lack thereof), and special abilities. Most Forms have an upgrade to unlock a new attack, which is, unfortunately, not that interesting. (Mermaid Form gets a bubble, Crab Form gets a quick snap that clips through seaweed, Mouse Form gets a spammable-low-damage bite, and so on.)The platforming itself is highly refined, practically to a science. The controls are tight and intuitive, Shantae's movement and jumping is consistent and controllable (You can adjust and correct your jumps mid-air, thankfully), and it's usually clear what you can and can't jump on. My only real complaint lies with a couple of her Forms, mainly with Harpy Form, where the controls become extremely floaty and nigh-controllable. Sometimes, the hitboxes can be a little iffy, especially with Mermaid Form where I've taken damage while close to (but not touching) an enemy that only damages you by touch because my TAIL got near it.The brawling is very simple: One button makes Shantae slap a short distance in front of her (your generic Hair-Whip Attack) and another uses your Magic. It's very simple one-button combat (technically, two-button, but w/e) and works well.I think my current major complaint with the gameplay is just the insane amount of backtracking you have to do. This isn't anything new if you've played a Metroidvania-style platformer in the past 10-15 years, but it really drives the pacing into the ground sometimes as you run from place to place, running the same levels at least 2 extra times each just praying you'll see the one thing different you can do with a new Form or upgrade. Granted, I'm not huge into Metroidvania, so take this with a massive grain of salt.One more minor complaint I have to get off my chest is the inventory. There's no quick-use keys, so if you want to use something, you have to go into the Inventory screen, select it, and Use it. This is a very minor complaint, considering this actually HELPS, since the Inventory screen pauses the game and can let you get your bearings.Music: 9/10 (Amazing Soundtrack)The music in this game is fantastic. It has that indie quirkyness to it without being grating. My only real complaint is that the music can get a LITTLE repetitive due to the Metroidvania nature of the game, forcing you to backtrack a ton and hear each track plenty of times.Art Style: 10/10 (Awesome, A Visual Treat)The art style in this game is absolutely awesome. It's 2.5D (meaning, gameplay on a 2D plane, but 3D models) with a very anime-esque style. In fact, this whole game looks like a playable anime. Everything has this cute-quirky style to it and just drips with personality. It's an absolute treat to look at, combining an old-school 2D game with a 3D art style flawlessly.Any the animations are just...AAAAAAAAAAA I LOVE THEM! Everything has this bouncy energy that brings the game to life. Shantae's idle animations are fun to watch, her Belly Dance is playful, just everything is beautifully animated.Conclusion: 9/10 (Fantastic)Simply put, Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a fantastic game. I'm rarely a fan of platformers, but Shantae has me absolutely entranced. I can't stop smiling at this game. Its fun old-school gameplay, energy-filled art and animations, just everything about the game oozes charm and personality. This was clearly made by developers who love their craft and wanted this game to be fantastic. While I haven't played any of the previous Shantae games (Nothing against them, just wasn't interested), this game seems to fit perfectly with the rest of them, but with some excellent modernization.It's an absolute STEAL at $20. I can't wait to see how the developers will follow up to this fantastic platformer.Maybe a Squid Baron standalone with $0.99 Shantae DLC is in order too. ;)"
,Recommended,253840,28779235,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Franx64,BEST GAME EVER 10/10
,Recommended,253840,28983813,Posted: 3 January,all,Detective Shizuku,"Manages to be a great game despite being entirely different from its predecessors. Transformations, while interesting and numerous, are just not as interesting as the gear used in Pirate's Curse, with most ending up very situational (I can count the number of times I used spider shantae on one hand, and I 100%ed the game). Despite this, the game seems to use the premise of dance-transformations the best of all previous titles, and is honestly a lot of fun to play through.Risky Boots DLC could easily fix these problems, but it's not out yet.If you're looking to get into the Shantae series, I would still recommend Pirate's Curse, but if you crave more, then this game won't disappoint. The story is well-written and entertaining in each game, but the overarching plot isn't too serious, so playing out of order won't hurt anyone.PS: This game does not feature the best girl, squidsmith, and thusly is complete garbage. Bring her back right now, wayforward!"
76561198030221342,Recommended,253840,28983257,Posted: 3 January,all,mike.mclaughlin25,"Having played every single one of the Shantae games (starting with the very first on the GBC), I must say that this kick-started game is the best one that Wayforward has ever made. Although short (and lacking in the story department), there is a lot to love about Half-Genie Hero. The art style and animations are incredibly cute and vibrant, the music is ridiculously catchy, the dialogue is drenched with the Wayforward wit we've come to know and love from all their other games and the gameplay is exactly how any good Metroid-vania game should be: responsive, precise and genuinely fun. If you haven't played a Shantae game before, do yourself a favor and pick this one up. Show Wayforward some love for all their hard work!"
,Recommended,253840,28720189,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sky Captain,"It's a must have, basically"
,Recommended,253840,33060763,Posted: 30 June,all,Hector Plz,"a very good platformer with good humor and nice art style, recommended"
76561198058721925,Recommended,253840,28627941,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SeriousConcentrate,"This is a fun little metroidvania-type title. It's not an especially long or difficult game, but the different abilities are cool and add new dimensions to traversing the levels (except Spider. I like the design but I'm not really sure how useful it is outside of one instance where it's necessary). I also like that it's fairly short because it makes backtracking to use those new abilities much less tedious than it could otherwise have been.It controls well, the art direction is charming, and the songs are all nice. The voice acting is good although there isn't much of it, which is fine; it's not something I need in every game and I would have been fine without it. I also like the fact that you can 'adjust' the difficulty in-game by turning on or off your different power-ups; for example, something you can unlock later is unlimited magic as well as an invicibility spell which can make the last few bosses rather trivial, but if you feel like challenging yourself or 'doing it right' you can just turn off the relic and activate one of the lesser forms of the spell.In short, I recommend it."
,Recommended,253840,29364301,Posted: 19 January,all,RTF,"Warning: This game contains dancing genies, followed by Mr Krabs, Ariel The Mermaid, and opaque pink screens."
,Recommended,253840,28502358,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,spooki dbesd,"TL;DR: It's an excellent game. It has its shortcomings, but its strengths far outweigh its weaknesses. 9/10From the studio that brought Booty Genie, Booty Genie 2, and Booty Genie 3: Booty Pirate, comes a new installment in the Booty Genie franchise, this time with full animated HD jigglies.Now for my serious review.-----------GAMEPLAY: 8/10It's a platformer, and a very good one at that. The jumping feels exactly as you'd expect, and Shantae's movement speed is at a very comfortable pace.I very much enjoyed the amount of transformations available in the game, but at some point there were simply too many, and as a result, there were some transformations that ended up not being used at all. For example, I think there were 2 areas total where bat form was required, whereas every other area could have been covered by harpy form much more quickly and easily. If not for the fact that you don't get harpy form until later, I don't think I would have used bat form at all.Shantae: Half-Genie Hero follows the same formula as the games before it, in which you collect items for people in different areas to unlock the next. Every now and then, you have to return to a previous level with new powers in order to access areas you were previously unable to. Now, this works extremely well in Pirate's Curse, where you only really have to go back maybe 3 or 4 times. In this game, however, I ended up going back to Main Street maybe 6 times, and because of how linear the levels feel this time around, it seems a lot more tedious than it really is. Gone are the exploratory corridors and branching pathways in this game. Seriously, where are the dungeons?While it may seem tedious, the overall game feel, I think, makes up for the tediousness of the game. These were minor inconveniences at worst. The game still plays exactly as it should, and it feels amazing.-----------DESIGN: 10/10Wayforward strikes out of the park once again with this game. The art design fits the style of the characters and the tone of the game so well. It uses a mix of 2D graphics on 3D environments, and still manages to fit the series as well as the old pixel art style, almost better even. Backgrounds were memorable, and really popped out, to the point where you could tell what level you were in just by the lighting. The new 2.5D approach to this one got a little bit dizzying in Scuttle Town Square, but it was something that I got used to very quickly.The music, as usual, is a major high point to the game. The retro vibe mixed extremely well with the Middle Eastern tones, especially in Main Street. Virt, applause to you.-----------OVERALL: 9/10Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is most definitely a Shantae game. It's got great controls, great gameplay, great art design, and amazing music, and I am excited for the upcoming DLC. Can I recommend it at $20.00? You'd probably wait for a sale or something, unless you plan on replaying this game a lot. It's no Pirate's Curse, but it's definitely one of the best in the series."
76561198316743839,Recommended,253840,31747663,Posted: 14 May,all,Soggy Bread,"The game is fantastic. Its quite short however this game really shows quality over quantity. Stunning graphics, great gameplay and fantastic music. Highly reccommend this game."
76561198041756601,Recommended,253840,33564762,Posted: 15 July,all,JiiPee,"Shortly:4th Shantae game that continues the story further., however Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is quite different from its predecessors.First recognisable difference is how the game looks. Unlike the pixxelated art style in the previous Shantae games, this time the game has this more cartoonish art style which isn't half bad. The character movements and the world feels more alive.That leads to the 2nd noticable difference, which is the world itself. In the previous games, you had this semi-open world that you could explore once you obtained powers to do so. There's no such thing in the Half-Genie Hero, but instead the world is diveded into stages/worlds. Each stage/world has several areas lined after each other that you can explore and at the end of each world there's a boss waiting for you. Once you defeat that, the world is cleared and you can move on to next one. Its kinda similar to how the islands worked in the Pirate's Curse, but this time they have this ""super mario"" feeling in them. It's just not the same as it was in the previous Shantae games, which is kinda disappointing for me. I would have preferred the semi-open world like the Risky's Revenge had.Unlike in the previous Shantae games, the Half-Genie Hero doesn't have any dungeons either, which is mostly because of how those stages/worlds wokr that I mentioned earlier.Other than that, the game is pretty much the same old Shantae games that we're used to.Pros:+ Improved art style+ Familiar gameplay mechanics with few additions mixed in+ Entertaining 2D platformer+ Bigger variety of different abilitiesCons:- Semi-open world replaced with stages/worlds- No dungeons- Save points way too often, which means that dying is no longer punishing as the game asks you every 2-3 minutes if you want to save your progress  (why couldn't they just implement auto save instead if they didn't want people to feel punished for dying, though personally I hate auto saves if they save your progress like that )- The Soundtrack isn't as good as it is in the previous titles - The OST is similar but too...modern.. if you could call it that. Didn't enjoy it personallyDo I recommend?Yes. Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is entertaining 2D platformer and it continues the story where the Pirate's Curse left on. I have to warn you though, the game is not as good as its predecessors are, because of the stage/world system.Verdict:  6.5 / 10 - Good game  (though not as good as its predecessors are because of the stage system)"
,Recommended,253840,33866979,Posted: 28 July,all,TeoFlux o_O,"I recently finished playing through Half-Genie, and while the game felt shorter than the previous games, it wasn't any less enjoyable, providing the same great platforming and hilarious story that fans know and love.Having purchased all three of the Shantae games, during the steam sale was perhaps one of the better one things i have done in recent times. Not only has the entire series been very enjoyable and lots of fun, but it has also been blessed with some crisp animations and kickass music throughout.Therefore if you're a fan of platformers or metroidvanias, then you almost owe it to yourself, to do the same thing.I guarantee its worth the time investment, and somehow you can't help but smile and hum along with the soundtrack, even when you're done playing."
,Recommended,253840,33796969,Posted: 25 July,all,Hazard900,Brilliant little platformer. Genuinely a fun game. Ended up doing 3 play throughs back to back for all the achievements! 10/10
,Recommended,253840,33544807,Posted: 14 July,all,Boosh!,"I love these games. Great art, entertaining characters. Occasionally had to resort to a guide to figure out where a missing item was, but all in all, a fantastic little game."
76561198037626642,Recommended,253840,33830777,Posted: 27 July,all,Admrilowl,fantastic revival of a classic
,Recommended,253840,33874442,Posted: 29 July,all,HOPSBARK,"Played it twice, working on 3, got all but one achievement (excluding new dlc ones), and it just has an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,253840,34260862,Posted: 15 August,all,Quirky Queen,"This game is okay I would say, has many lovable characters and the gameplay's alright. If you're new to the shantae series, the controls might take some getting used to and you might find some levels frustrating, some easy, some annoying. The way you progress in this game involves a lot of back and forth, meaning you might spend up to a few hours, maybe less trying to figure out how to get a transformation or unlocking hidden secrets in previous levels which are necessary for you to move on in the game. It is also worth noting that it is fairly easy to obtain every item in the shop by grinding the same level over and over and some of the hidden items and magic abilities are very overpowered making the game way too easy in some cases. Other than that the game itself is alright characters are lovable and i'd totally recommend it to people who enjoy the challenges of a puzzel and the platforming aspect of the game."
,Recommended,253840,28788418,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eat my short,this game is so easy doe
,Recommended,253840,28772467,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jorgondo,Fun game that is worth the money.
76561197980901776,Recommended,253840,28522008,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ruby Pink,"So far ive been a fan of Shantae sence Pirate's Curse, and this has been a great way to get back into Shantae~Only problems, at the time of this writing was that ive had some graphical bugs, mabye its a graphics card thing.Also sometimes hitboxes are abit odd on Shantae, but otherwise this game is definatly worth it, cant wait for the DLC."
76561198011506495,Recommended,253840,28981785,Posted: 3 January,all,Sabella,Probably the best platformer on Steam.  Production value is off the scale.  Gorgeous artwork and fantastic music.  Genuinely likeable characters and crazy villains.  Controls are tight.My only regret is that I don't have a 4K monitor to see it in UHD
,Recommended,253840,29291944,Posted: 16 January,all,>tfw,Everything about this great well worth the buy. The only complaint I have is that I wish they sold the soundtrack here on steam. A must-buy especially when its on sale.
76561198014659867,Recommended,253840,29285265,Posted: 15 January,all,SexualYeti,"I absolutely adore this game! The aesthetic is gorgeous, colorful and vibrant, with a range of interesting and distinctive locales. The character designs are absolutely top notch and a treat for the eyes, whether they be cute, sexy or both, not to mention that they are animated so fluidly and gracefully. Truly a triumph!The story, while simple and following the usual tropes of platformers, did through me for a loop and there were genuine surprises and unexpected turns. Even then, the formula is not so much that this game is unoriginal in its approach and more about not fixing what isn't broken.This game is such a treat to play. It controls well, and the unique mechanics such as the dancing to change to different character modes to the use of magic abilities was intuitive and easy to grasp while providing a surprising amount of depth, offering multiple avenues to approach the game. Not to mention the difficulty. True, it isn't Nintendo hard, but it is certainly challenging without being frustrating, for all players of all skill levels.An absolute triumph. I recommend this game to anyone with even a passing interest in 2D platformers."
,Recommended,253840,29316824,Posted: 17 January,all,Paix Wolf,"I played this game directly after playing Shantae and The Pirates Curse, which I absolutly Reccomend. Honestly, Half-Genie Hero, while visually pleasing and mechanically sound, is not at good. Don't get me wrong, still a good game that I feel is worth the price tag. It is simply that the game did not do what The Pirates Curse did for me. One of my favorite things is that even the hardest levels of the game aren't too frustrating and I found myself wanting to complete the level no matter what. However, my main issue with the game is level design. There are 2-3 levels set up around the idea of you dying a handful of times before you learn the 'pattern' and make it to the goal. Unlike Pirates Curse, where the game would introduce you to new things individually before forcing you to deal with combinations, they made sure you had an idea of what you might be facing and then if you died, it was your fault because you didn't handle a puzzle or scenario correctly. This game makes the mistake of just throwing things at you and forcing you to find the best way while dying several times to do so. The other issue I have with level design is that the game has several animal forms that are essentally the same form just one of them is superior and the other one is required for one or two puzzles. For example, there are two water forms, one is large and lets you swim in any direction, the other is small and lets you walk under water. It can be said, oh you need the small form to get through the blocks of seaweed, but the large form gets an ability that lets it break through large blocks of stone, so the same puzzles for the small form could have been scaled to allow the large form in with the block breaking ability. Similarly you get two flying abilities, one that lets you fly left to right, and one that lets you fly freely, the left to right one also gets another ability that is only usefully for a single puzzle and most of the left to right flying power's puzzles could have been solved by the free flying one if they had simply changed the distance of spike walls or removed one entirely, the left to right form cannot go up or down, so you simply transform on a platform and float lazily left or right. My final two issues are with post game events. During the entire game you can travel back to each location with the boss fights and some hazards removed, ie. sand storms. Yet for some reason they give the option to start a new playthrough with all of the main transformations already unlocked, it seems pointless seeing as aside from the end game boss all the bosses were beaten without using transformations. The final issue is simply a continuity problem in my opinion that involves spoilers, but as you can guess from the title, Pirate's Curse, the previous game was about Shantae and Risky Boots.****Spoilers Below****At the end of Pirate's Curse they show not only does Risky Boots reguard Shantae as some semblance of a friend, but she is extremely smart and was able to plan the entire adventure ahead insuring Shantae's Victory. So why in this game is she so dumb she not only drops a map to her hide out, but several articles of clothing around town? The other issue is that at the end of Pirate's Curse the two part ways, Shantae returning to being the Guardian Genie and Risky saying she must forge her own path, as she cannot become a 'goody two shoes' like Shantae, they part with a seeminly mutual understanding and a few nice words that make Risky seem like she actually has grown to like Shantae as the adventure came to a conclusion. So why would Risky just leave a Shantae after she converts her magic to dark magic, wouldn't she want to take her friend with her? Which reminds me, when Shantae is converted to evil nothing happens, literally each of her friends says, hey snap out of it, and she does. It's very anticlimatic and it feels like a small mini-boss fight is missing.If you actually read to the end, I'm amazed I know I went off on a tangent, but over all the game is good and a worth while buy, it just doesn't stack up to the standard that the previous game set for me."
,Recommended,253840,29310358,Posted: 16 January,all,Cardioid,"Having played and beaten every other game in the series, I was very hesitant at Half Genie Hero at first. After completing the first two levels, you see the roots of the game unfurl once again. Half Genie Hero holds true to its exploration heavy expectations in addition to distinguishing itself. That's everything you could ask for in a sequel really! My only complaints about the game is how horrendously easy and exploitable it is. Two hours in I found an exploit for infinite currency. Aside from that, there are items in the game that make your effective health absolutely unbelievable. Not to mention, magic can make boss fights far too easy, and when coupled with insane health, literally a joke. This shouldn't talk you out of the game though, I still had a great time even if everything was easy.Pros:-Beautiful design-Great soundtrack-Easy gameplay-A story far better than Pirate's Curse-Humor-Exploration is excellentCons:-Minor bugs, nothing you'd care about really.-Easy and exploitable.All in all, I believe this game should be in everybody's library. 9/10"
,Recommended,253840,29309529,Posted: 16 January,all,Klcwelsie,I haven't had a game in awhile that I couldn't wait until I got back from work to play. I even worked to get 100% completion on the regular and hero mode. The characters are great and the animation is awesome. Even going back through the levels to collect items didn't feel tedious. I love her transformations. This game is just so damn cute it kills me-I REALLY enjoyed it. The only thing that bums me out is that it's over... BUY THIS GAME :D
,Recommended,253840,28979771,Posted: 3 January,all,Frozendoze,I always loved shanbae but this game is the best one in the shantae series! <3
76561198018112259,Recommended,253840,28679736,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,~revive,"Whether it be a reboot, soft reboot, sequel or soft robot rabbit, Shantae is back in town.  Everything is familiar for fans of the series, maybe a little too much so in some respects, and if you're unfamiliar to the series and looking for a light metroidvania-esque platforming game that isn't too hard, you'll enjoy this.The world is bright and colourful and the 3d background visuals are a pleasant departure from the standard 2d pixel art.  The soundtrack is pretty solid, as usual for the series.  Controls are mostly smooth, some jumps didn't feel quite as responsive as I'd like but good on the whole.  Though, Relic usage for animal transformations could be more seamless in game. On the topic of Relics, there are far too many transformations and not enough puzzles using them.  A few of the transformation upgrades only get used once or not at all.  There may have been plans to use these upgrades that never made it into the game, but it still feels like there's unnecessary clutter and it's disappointing to have useless abilities.  A lot of the magic you can buy from the store also isn't as useful as in past series.Plotline is disappointing.  Just... disappointing.  It's like the events of the previous game were completely forgotten.  Whilst I do enjoy seeing familiar faces like Sky, Bolo, Rotty and Mimic again, too many of the minor antagonists were reused from previous games in shallow ways and the culmination of the plot just felt very half-baked.  That being said, there is some witty banter and some enjoyable dialogue.  And some nice 'plot' as usual.The level design is decent and there are some interesting concepts and designs, though the execution isn't entirely there.  Bosses... eh.  I think the game misses not having any dungeons whatsoever, though, and the difficulty curve is pretty nonexistent.  I've no major issue with the backtracking elements to the game, but I do think that the game spoonfeeds a little too much with regards to some of the hidden items.  The hinting system is pretty inelegant as well.Overall, enjoyable.  Bit of a step back from Pirate's Curse - WayForward may not be living up to their name - but a nice few hours romping around anyway."
76561198011237530,Recommended,253840,28567268,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,🎃ArousedJelly💀,"This game is good. Frankly theres no reason not to buy this game, unless you really hate cute genie girls, cute mermaid girls, cute slime girls, cute undead girls, cute uncle girls, cute bolo girls, cute crab girls, cute bat girls, cute monkey girls, cute falconeer girls, cute bath towel girls, cute shop owner girls, cute boss girls, cute evil girls or any cute girl not listed above. What am I trying to tell you with this? Wayforward has pretty much made 0 bad games, so I mean come on how could this game be any different from the other 500 million gems that come out of this company like a diamond mine in Africa? Its 20 dollars and you'll get a really good time out of it. You know what $20 gets you at the movies? A movie, 1 water bottle and some popcorn; frankly thats highway robbery, the exact opposite of this game."
,Recommended,253840,29128626,Posted: 8 January,all,ɳoχ,I bought this for giga mermaid but I got a great game too.
,Recommended,253840,31593807,Posted: 6 May,all,chrisforget07,Great platformer. Lots of dances and skills to unlock. Great artwork and soundtrack. Really a good game but the normal playthrought is way too easy and the hardcore mode is not challenging enough. I would like a super hardcore mode or time trial or IDK.
,Recommended,253840,28495728,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Mint,Why have waifus in multiple games when you can have tons (and bolo) in one
,Recommended,253840,29109550,Posted: 7 January,all,Sei Asagiri,"I'm just here to bump up the positive ratings on the game.The quality of life in this game is higher than ever, and the art and music are spectacular.Even if you hate platformers, buy it for the pure bellydancing cinnamon roll. Do it for her."
,Recommended,253840,28707148,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hiyorei,"Hmmm yep, good luck finding the items. Oh and if you're in Risky's hideout, hope you've been practicing flappy bird.other than that, great soundtrack and animated booble dongers."
,Recommended,253840,29858745,Posted: 11 February,all,Easy D,"Really wish they'd have made this one last longer. It's fun, but simple, and it feels shorter than Pirate's Curse. Full HD also means 1080p, so you'll have to put up with scaled fuzzy visuals at higher resolutions, and a frame rate cap of 60fps.Not a bad sequel, but this series really needs to shed its handheld-based simplicity, realize its potential and go for a huge sprawling adventure."
,Recommended,253840,31736124,Posted: 13 May,all,reied,it's like pirate's curse without the good parts but it's still ok
,Recommended,253840,31417056,Posted: 28 April,all,ayetoday,would (try to) save the genie realm again.✮✮✮✮½
,Recommended,253840,30011522,Posted: 18 February,all,Carlmundo,"+ Fun old school platformer with encouraged exploration+ Great vivid art style that has smooth animation and good soundtrack+ Level layouts and enemies change as you come back to them to fetch new items for your quest+ Unlockable magic weapons and transformations to turn you into other creatures+/- With enough exploration, you can become overpowered. However, you are able to toggle your powers on and off.This was my first Shantae game and it was so much better than I expected. If you're new to the series, there is so much more to the game than the trailer shows (as I discovered)."
,Not Recommended,253840,31457831,Posted: 30 April,all,Metal Crüe,"Maybe one day steam will add a ""neutral review"" option for us.Now is this game good? Absolutely, but you know what else is good? Pirate's curse and compared to that game, half-genie hero Is a pretty big downgrade. Quickly stating the positive, the gameplay is still relatively nice, the writing is still dumb in a good way and the new visuals are beautiful. After that it's just a downhill slide, mostly because after the pirate equipment in pirate's curse this game returns to the animal transformations. (Spoilers: they still suck) not only are the transformations slower and pace breaking compared to the pirate equipment they're also useless for the most part. Apart from the Harpy, mermaid, monkey and maybe the elephant the transformations are either trophy fodder or just plain worthless and it feels so boring and sluggish when you have to constantly alter between different forms. The game also has the usual problem of unnecessary backtracking which is an issue in every game in the series but in here it's worse. The game is also pretty damn easy and you can quickly get pretty OP items, only for the game to give you a large difficulty spike in the final level because that's fun. And the final boss...jeez. the pirate master was an amazing final boss and was very challenging. This games final boss is a joke if anything, just like every other boss in this game.Now I'll say this again, half-genie hero is a good game. Nothing special but I enjoyed it a little bit. It's better than the first game and Risky's revenge (not saying that's exactly impressive) but Pirate's curse is pretty much the only truly great game in the series. If you want the best Shantae experience, I definitely recommend pirate's curse for you."
76561198007101427,Recommended,253840,28575173,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Begone,"I've always been a fan of the series, so it's hard for me to write a negative review.  So I won't :). Like most of the series it's short and sweet. I think I ran the first time in about 8 hours with a 100% collection.  There are a few items that make the game easy mode but they are towards the later half and by that point I was more focused on the story.There is a part in the begining where they mention that this game is a reboot/sequel/etc, and honestly I feel that is 100% true.This game has a strong feel of the classic Nintendo/Sega 2D platformers with a linearish story line (there are side missions and you do go back to the same maps a few times).  In light of that this game needs a controler so if you don't have one, I wouldn't bother getting it, but if the price is reasonable for you than I would defnitly play this game.It is good to at least have played the other games in this series (and they are playable even this late) just to know the story line.  The only one that will be hard to play again is the gameboy one which started it all (if memory serves.)Anyway sorry for this scatter brain review, but I hope this helps"
76561198014049702,Recommended,253840,28883976,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bladestorm,"Not as great as the last game (Pirate's Curse), but damn is it still a great game. Don't regret buying it for 18€ one bit, played it all the way to the end.There is one REALLY great thing though that 1/2 Genie Hero has over Pirate's curse. That would be that MERMAID, sweet jesus, hardest boss in the game. I mean how did the devs expect me to play with one hand?"
,Recommended,253840,28508146,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Noelleon,Great game with lovable characters.
,Recommended,253840,28529889,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Garket Mardener,"But wait! There's more!So this is the fourth game in the series, crowd-funded, and pure HD.There's something i have to say first, and it's that the game isn't yet fully finished. We're getting some DLC.I sorta find it a bit weird and expensive, but it'll probably get more value as the DLCs release.If you want reference for how good or bad the series is as a whole, it's good, read my other reviews of the previous 2 games:http://steamcommunity.com/id/garketmardener/recommended/277890/ːshantae_relaxːShantae: Risky's Revengehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/garketmardener/recommended/345820/ːshantae_relaxːShantae & the Pirate's CurseThis time around, they went for a more visually stunning but shorter game, to be expanded with lots of replay value thanks to the upcoming DLCs.So right now it has the same problem as Switch Force: It's cool, and fun, it's pretty in graphics, but once you've done the 2 modes you're basically done with it. Wait for DLCs.As it is, and considering how the game's supposed to be expanded, it's good, it's really great. Most importantly, the graphics are really well done and don't even get close to straying off of the style the game usually goes for: Toonish, charming, colorful, vivid, and with noticeable details and tweaks. I believe it's the first time WayForwad does 3d models on one of their IPs, and they did it great for a first time. Characters are still well-put sprites in a 3d-2d parallax world. Really comes together as a modernized classic way of doing things.60FPS engine, but animations aren't all 60fps. It still looks consistant and doesn't really bother. Also, yes, it comes with chest jigglies. As it's obvious. I mean, WayForward? Fanservice? Isn't that the same thing? /jokeThis however doesn't stop the game from being fun and really great. As always, the prime 3 aspects i like about this company are on point: Decent difficulty (questionable here but whatever) and fun gameplay, great artstyle and personality, absolutely rocking synth muslc from Jake Kaufman AKA Virt.Album is out on bandcamp now btwgame's a bit short, you can get 100% in the base game mode in 5-6 hours approx, considering how the other games took up to 8 hours for that (all of those are player-dependant times, might take longer if you're not familiar with the games or genre).The game's very iconic and takes everything positive from the other games, such as returning gags, levels, enemies, bosses, transforms and abilities, while still refreshing everything really well.On the minus side, because of how short the game is, some features fell under the ""situationally helpful"" cape of negligence, but at least they get used once. There are a few annoying mechanics that were uncalled for, overall for the very stupidly placed pauses inbetween the action (Why is the level start Ready! screen a thing, and why can't you move while it's playing?), but for the most part it still is a great game.Buyer's advice: Play the other games before. Some of the content might go unappreciated if you haven't played the other games, or just watched a full gameplay. Any works. But still, playing is much more fun than watching, at least for me.Overall, i give it a [8.5-->10]/10 depending on how well executed the DLCs and extra modes come along."
76561198054268488,Recommended,253840,33118506,Posted: 2 July,all,Crab Jesus,"The music in Shantae is just God-like. The actual gameplay itself is also very nice and crisp. The graphics are very appealing, it's great for people playing Shantae for the first time.Jiggle physics 10/10 would awkwardly look at cleavage again."
,Recommended,253840,28697046,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,franticfarken,"Looks better, sounds better and plays better than ever before.but the weak story, dialogue and extensive backtracking makes Pirates Curse feel like a better game."
,Recommended,253840,28688868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pfhor,"This game is in plenty ways amazing and dissapointing in others. It's a very beautiful platformer that feels just as good or better than previous Shantae games and also has some great level design that focuses more on linear megaman-style levels than those games more open Metroidvania or Zelda influences, and then lets that new focus down by adding unnecessary filler. I'm going to be comparing this game to the previous modern Shantae games quite a bit in this assessment, they are games that are pretty dear to me as far as modern-but-classic style platformers. Pirates Curse particularly I hold in very high regard, it's definitely the highest point where the series correctly iterated on the prequel and knocked it out of the park with the new skills. 1/2 Hero doesn't quite hit that mark.Just to be clear, the core levels are all great and a pleasure to play. The upbeat music (I really don't like the lyrical version of the main theme, but everything else is great) and flow of the game works exceedingly well when you are jumping and hair whipping enemies. That first time you finish a level and a boss feels great...but after you do that there's this middle time when you meander around doing fetch quests for various NPCs. If these quests were optional they would be much easier to stomach, but their quirky weirdness don't make up for the fact that it's clearly game padding. Instead of filling the game with interesting side stuff to collect, most of it is all there to progress the main story. These levels are not really made for exploration either, and there is no map to assist you for finding the hidden stuff. It's mostly just reading NPC dialog to figure out where you need to go out of the levels you've already been, going there to get the necessary plot item. It seems like this game is trying to have it's tight platformer levels and is adding metroid elements to extend it, rather than building them into the game naturally. It doesn't really work too well, the game would only be about 4 hours with just the levels, but I would definitely prefer that to all of the filler.Tied into the monotony of the between-levels is that most of the transformations just aren't very fun to use. The Monkey might be my favorite, but it is criminally underused because many of the later game transformations make it redundant. A lot of the transformations accomplish *almost* the same thing, Crab lets you sink underwater, Mermaid lets you swim. Sometimes you need to be a crab to fit underneath tight spots but there would be no way to know that by just looking at a body of water. When this happens you would have to jump out of the water, go back to the land area, dance to the right transformation and dive back in. This kind of thing sounds trivial, but it's just one of the many quirks that annoy me about the transformations. The entire idea of pausing the game and dancing just to have access to a traversal element seems unnecessary. The game doesn't even use all of the buttons on a ps4 pad, they could have let you bind transformations to individual buttons. If you compare this to the sleek implementations of Shantae's abilities in Pirate's Curse it definitely falls flat. Add to the fact that the charge, triplejump, saber, pistol, and Hat were all just way more fun to use in that game and integrated into the main game more often instead of being used just for item collection. Some of the transformations in this game are used for literally one item and never again, while some of the powerups you get for Shantae's different forms like the Spider Venom or Mouse bite seem never used at all.Another issue I have with the game is the plot, or rather the lack of one. The dialog keeps that Shantae charm found in the previous games, Shantae herself remains a good protag with the right amount of snark. It is however tonally all over the place compared to Pirate's Curse. This series has never been about the amazing writing or anything, but at least Pirate's Curse had a solid goal and a tone that remained consistent. 1/2 Genie Hero drops the ball on this, most of the stuff that happens is silly for silliness sake and there is hardly an end goal to speak of. There are times when I really appreciate the weirdness of this game and the character interactions, but it also uses that weirdness to feed into those mandatory fetch quests I was talking about earlier which is unfortunate. None of the chapters really have much to do with each other, they don't build towards anything by the end. I think the desire for this to be THE Shantae game to bring the series on modern hardware, as well as the expectations associated with a kickstarter game encouraged Wayforward to find a way to cram every Shantae villian into this game to its detriment.So what does work? Why am I recommending it? I would like to emphasis I really enjoyed playing this game a lot especially when I was playing through each of its 6 levels for the first time. As far as Shantae herself goes minus abilities this game might be the best feeling one yet. The levels are all utterly fantastic in that special linear megaman way. Hair whipping feels great and I hum the music obessively in my day to day life. Every level is an incredibly varied and unforgettable platformer experience that mostly makes up for all of those shortcomings I listed. I am able to look past those annoyances and confidently say I love this game and you should definitely play it, just temper your expectations a bit regarding everything else. I honestly can't wait for a more Pirate's Curse style game to come out with this engine they have crafted, it would be truly incredible."
,Recommended,253840,28493617,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Seven,"Coming from a guy who played and owned the first game back in the GBC/GBA days (and never playing Risky's Revenge until the 3DS e-Shop re-release) and Pirate's Curse, I can happily say that Half-Genie Hero does not disappoint.The review I'm giving is from a gameplay perspective. If you're looking for technical reviews (minimum spec requirements, game engine options, etc.), I can't help you there. I play games for what they are, not what they're made of.I'd go on and on, but as of the moment (Dec 21, 2016, 0450), I've yet to finish the game, but have reached a substantial amount of length to confirm many things:- the gameplay is solid, platforming-wise (think Megaman-grade solid)- the soundtrack is on point (slightly more bombastic than previous titles, but it still fits)- graphically-delicious even at low-resolutions, and tons of fun little animations that add to the overall quirkiness- story is as Shantae can get, assuming you've played the previous games (if you haven't, it's still fun in its own right)Get it if you're into platformers with solid controls and cute girls. Shantae a qt1.34"
,Recommended,253840,28697755,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,- KureiKeii -,"So , while I'm looking for Megaman Series in Steam Store .Couldnt find what I want .I found this one (That actually similar to Megaman) because its look adorable and cute .I give it a shot and it's already suits my style .10/10 ."
,Recommended,253840,28578603,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MINECRAFTMAN2001,i jus want a little shantae in my life
,Recommended,253840,34085657,Posted: 7 August,all,Sophia,fun
76561198179346987,Recommended,253840,30887721,Posted: 1 April,all,Tyraumatized,The game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard. I really needed something like that after Pirates curse. Great gameplay with difficulty is always welcome.
76561198009483536,Recommended,253840,30270078,Posted: 1 March,all,Sido,"Another great entry to the Shantae franchise. Beautiful soundtrack with stunning visuals, by far the best of the series. Definitely worth your money."
76561198343736382,Recommended,253840,29558452,Posted: 28 January,all,IdioticGamer24,the game was good but the lack of checkpoints are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off... also that flappy bird part... its annoying...
76561198321072866,Recommended,253840,29554264,Posted: 28 January,all,nightstorm51,A fantastic installment; arguably the best one.
76561198168447825,Recommended,253840,29556260,Posted: 28 January,all,tamarlence,"There hasn't been a Shantae game I haven't liked yet. Beautiful sceneries, detailed art, familiar/colorful characters, lots of transformations to use. The only gripe i have with the game is its story line. It's a bit....lacking from its other titles. 9/10 keep Shantae coming!"
,Recommended,253840,30246137,Posted: 28 February,all,Hupsel,"Another great Shantae game. The HD graphics are beautiful and the story is as charming as ever. Controls amazing and has a little bit more variety than Pirate´s Curse. The only problem is that the game is way too easy, since it gives you a ton of health and the enemies don´t do a lot of damage. Still worth it."
76561197973064953,Recommended,253840,29571750,Posted: 29 January,all,Just shoot ME!,Fun game hard to beleive there are 3 games before this. This is a good platformer not to difficult but also not boring there is a lot of back tracking to get items. really if I was going to point out any flaw in this game it is that there aren't that many levels otherwise fun.
,Recommended,253840,30164182,Posted: 25 February,all,Left 4 n3dd,"I think this game has to be one of the best platform games I've ever played. The gameplay is so good and fun at the same time and it is really unique. The story is silly but interesting at the same time, and there is lots of humour in this game. Even though it focuses a lot on boobs, it makes it as if it is not an important part of the game, hence the older games in this series. The design and graphics are SO good, and the art is outstanding. Everything from ememies to tress, are all designed amazing. They did so well with this game and I definitly think it is a good Shantae game. I give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,253840,34136898,Posted: 9 August,all,Chasem121,fun to play
76561198130731782,Recommended,253840,29175379,Posted: 10 January,all,Bick Dig Rick,"I love me some boobies, and oh man, does this game have some boobies.  It's got em all!  Genie boobies, woman boobies, tall boobies, purple boobies! Its even got fish boobies! There's plot but it's hard to read when something better than words are on the screen.  Music contains good rhythms n' vibes.  Gameplay's great!  Backtracking isn't that big of a problem since each time you go back it introduces a new way to traverse the level with each transformation.  It's a fun game to play especially when your internet gets♥♥♥♥♥♥on and you can't play overwatch."
,Recommended,253840,28498567,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tonic,"One of the few games that brought me genuine joy to play, and for 20$ it is well worth the price"
,Recommended,253840,28698742,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bolo McSwaggins,Best game in the series so far
76561198166073315,Recommended,253840,34194860,Posted: 12 August,all,Shadow Heart,"The Shantae I've been waiting for. Don't get me wrong, the other games are fun though the pixelation is very annoying for me.. It is one of my pet peeves in computer gaming. Thankfully there is no Pixelation in this game, it is in fully beautiful HD. The game itself is very fun with new stories and ways to play coming up in the form of DLCs, and the music is great. The only thing I would wish for is a cat transformation for running fast lol. All in all, I'd give this game full marks and suggest anyone who likes platforming games to buy it."
76561197972212656,Recommended,253840,29167080,Posted: 10 January,all,Peo01,"Hair, the most deadliest weapon ever deployed by humanity.Now with extra shampoo for proper styling and murderation.http://i.imgur.com/pDJsEbf.jpg"
,Recommended,253840,28501987,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pinka,The graphics are adorable. The soundtrack is outstanding. The gameplay is fluid and runs at a constant 60 fps. The controls are responsive. The game is amazing from start to finish. Highly recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,253840,28520955,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Zoey,It's quite good if you've played the other games you'll enjoy this.The 2nd Game being a hard platformer.The 3rd Game was quite easy.This one is basically Easy mode to the power of Ten (If you collect all Keys you get a prize that breaks the game over its knee) Plus Harpy form and Bat Form are OP.9/10
76561198154098479,Recommended,253840,29438407,Posted: 22 January,all,468528456,"Solid game, shame its not metroidvania anymore though. More like a megaman game than metroid. That aside, good game."
,Recommended,253840,28731711,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,krizkor,"Half-Genie hero is another fantastic entry into the Shantae series, doing away with the pixel art and bringing amazing looking HD sprites.  A bit more linear than Pirate's Curse, but still fantastic nonetheless.Watch this video for gameplay, and to see the animation in action!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8qt5Yqj9PA&t=8s"
,Recommended,253840,31280611,Posted: 21 April,all,Spooky Shark Nerd,tity
76561198051486162,Not Recommended,253840,28633646,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sanyok,"SPOILERS ALERTLike almost everyone here, I was eagerly waiting for the release of this game.I played every Shantae game in the series and and had many expectations for this last one,I was drooling when reading goals on Kikcstarter achieved one by one and naturally an ideal game picture wasdrawn in my head, a picture of a game that at least does not give in to it's previous incarnation, the brilliantShantae and the Pirate's Curse. A game with the budget of almost 800,000 USD.I have never been so wrong...GraphicsFrom the very first time I played Shantae, I loved the concept and dreamed it to become an HD.Partially my wishes became true in RR and PC but that only involved sprites, not the actual universe.I like the graphics in HGH, it looks refreshing, though somewhat lacking in magic previous games had.I especially like the the job devs did on some of the Shantae's forms such as Mermaid and Spider, they look adorable.Some of my complaints lie in character animations, they are almost noexistent. Whatever happens during a dialogue,Sky is smiling happily, Risky dances, Bolo remains pokerface etc. It especially strikes your eye during a scene when Shantae turns dark and they come for help. I don't think it is a very difficult job to change a facial expression since it's HD and it would contribute greatly to a scenes' emotional impact.MusicMusic is wonderful. Kaufman knows his job well.PlotThis is what actually disappoints me and what makes me give the game a thumb down.During the whole course of the game an impression stuck with me that devs had some great ideas which they failed (or didn't want) to implement for some reason. The plot seems rushed, teared and incompleted. No character development at all.New charactes appear to be tossed away right after their debut. Main Shantae friends could have more impact on the story. I'll give an example.- In the very first stage - mermaid falls, Bolo catches up to Shantae and complains he is always left out of her adventures.It was a great reference to the previous game but unfortunately it didn't go anywhere.There is a couple of funny moments with him in this episode, but after that he doesn't play any significant role at all.- The same thing with Rotty, I have an impression the devs had no idea how to insert her into the plot and just got away by giving her some nominal role. Abner and Poe are introduced and forgotten.- An episode with Shantae taken over by dark magic just cried for a fight with her dark self or an extra level ""inside her"",don't get me wrong, the thing her friends coming to her rescue is great but still a lot of potential is lost.- The new ""villain"" Holly was downright pathetic. Her reasons ridiculous, dialogues far-fetched, character - bad guy cliche. It was a real challenge to beat the boss with a palm on my face.- Moreover I was negatively suprised when I discovered it was actually a ""bonus chapter"" (along with the cape crustacean) inserted in the story because the kickstarter goal was achieved.Would would be left of the game without those? Bonus chapter should be BONUS and usually after you BEAT the game or can be completed optionally, but here it is an integral part of the story. I don't oppose this approach, just don't call it BONUS. Call it: ""Initially we planned to make the game 4 hours long, but since you funded it we will make it 8"".- The game has two endings and they differ by a couple of lines. If the whole genie realm was destoyed, Shantae will say something like: ""Well, that's a bummer."" and Mimic like: ""Well, maybe it wasn't"".Yes, I know it is a kind fairy-tale and there is no place for heavy dramatic moments but this very ending should motivate a player to search for a better one, but it doesn't.DifficultyToo casual. It does give you some challenge in the beginning, but once you have a bikini and 4+ hearts you dont really care to avoid attacks at all. Some people complained the last boss to be very difficult, but when you have invincibility magic what difficulty are you talking about??? I really like easy games, when I don't have to smash break the gamepad and just enjoy the gameplay, but there must be balance between difficulty and enjoyability, which this game definitely lacks.Conclusion.I, as a fan of the series, am very disillusioned because the potential the series had was destroyed by this game.Maybe the DLCs will brighten things up a bit but we'll have to pay for them which highlights the desire to only earn money, not caring much about their product.I'll repeat myself, as I was going through the game it seemed to me the devs had great ideas but right after the beginning they decided to save budget, which I don't understand. They raised twice they pledged + income from release, did they only care to make it ""ok"" but not ""great""?Well, it was just my personal opinion, there are tons of positive reviews, so I probably just dramatized a lot.Agree or not? Comments are welcome."
,Not Recommended,253840,34766082,Posted: 5 September,all,Luik,"While I really loved the visuals and I'm addicted to the soundtrack - they're awesome as it's always expected for Shantae games - and I enjoyed a few smiles with the humorous dialogue and some happy parts of the game, this one has big flaws that ruin the experience. If you played Shantae and the Pirate's Curse you'll understand what I mean in this review.Most of the game is too easy and even the tricky parts are not a problem because the game gives you too many items and purchasable upgrades to prevent damage, restore heath/magic, and even if you manage to die there are dozens of save checkpoints everywhere now (and they're annoying full screen save dialogs between areas).The lack of an open world that forces you to revisit the levels wouldn't be a problem if some of them weren't uninspired and puzzle-free levels you just run around to collect objects while replaying them several times when you unlock a new power-up that lets you access an area you couldn't before. The fact this will give you more gems to buy the shop upgrades that make the game even easier makes matters worse and later it becomes pointless with a new travel feature.It feels weird getting transformation dances and magic powers from chests, it kinda breaks the immersion or sense of belief and for the devs to not think about it is lazy and unexpected because in the first Shantae game a genie would appear and teach you magic stuff with some special effects as far as I can remember.The story is an excuse to get you around collecting ""nonsensical"" items for random NPCs instead of things that have a connection of sorts with events. There's a funny item I won't spoil but that's it basically. Compare that with Pirate's Curse events where every thing you collect is related to the story and you have to think which character you need to give the item to and the obvious difference of experience shows.I was disappointed to not having seen a magic carpet race minigame or something like Run Rottytops Run from the previous game. The mouse mechanics would do a great puzzle element but there's only a simple one thorough the game. Lots of lost opportunity. :(I recommend the other games in the series instead."
,Recommended,253840,29131681,Posted: 8 January,all,Fyreee,jiggle physics
,Recommended,253840,30826446,Posted: 29 March,all,NickRage,It's not Mighty No. 9.
,Recommended,253840,31170973,Posted: 15 April,all,PokemonRulz85,"THIS! GAME! IS! F***ING! AWESOME!!!Wayforward, you've done it again. :)"
76561198267902342,Recommended,253840,29099406,Posted: 7 January,all,BonerToot,I WANT TO PLAY AS SKY(dlc pls)
,Not Recommended,253840,29659235,Posted: 2 February,all,Rosemon,"Has less areas to visit than the other games making the game look boring and repetitive, music is on point. This game is too weak to recommend, play the first game or Pirate's Curse instead."
,Recommended,253840,28555774,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ＵＳＭＡＲＩＮＥ,This is probably on my top 3 of 2016
,Recommended,253840,33914043,Posted: 30 July,all,JeSuisContent,"Shantae (Gameboy) = 10/10Shantae: Risky's Revenge = 9/10Shantae and the Pirate's Cruse = 8/10Shantae: Half-Genies Hero = 7/10It's still good, but not as fun as the other ones."
,Recommended,253840,30002275,Posted: 17 February,all,"""Eat the middle first"" Mint",The only thing they need to nerf is Shantae's sex appeal. My heart almost exploded from the cuteness.
,Recommended,253840,34228484,Posted: 13 August,all,Westfield,jiggle physics
,Recommended,253840,30954670,Posted: 4 April,all,Dr. Sockboy,Awesome game with a great story.Not recommended if u get upset about body shapes though
,Recommended,253840,29095989,Posted: 7 January,all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"I don't write reviews for games, but this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing amazing..Just..don't call it POOP TOOT."
,Recommended,253840,28536683,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MexicanLag,"i nutted 1,645,652,565 times"
,Recommended,253840,34078247,Posted: 7 August,all,Grimey,Good game
,Recommended,253840,33168544,Posted: 2 July,all,Mina Nohara,I had it pirate and was waiting for a chance to buy it.Hell I ain't gonna miss the Risky DLC coming soon!
,Recommended,253840,30699630,Posted: 23 March,all,Whawpenshaw,Definitely worth $20. Great platformer.
76561198053604879,Recommended,253840,29699010,Posted: 4 February,all,athetos,"Easily my favorite Shantae game! Amazing artwork, funky music, and adorable character design. A lot of fun to be had in this game even if it isn't too difficult.I would recommend this game to literally anyone who wants a fun game to pick up and binge the whole thing in one sitting."
76561198164800045,Recommended,253840,29772806,Posted: 7 February,all,OkinAWAWAWA,"I've seen Shantae and the Pirate's Curse a couple of years ago and I thought ""that's a pretty sweet game"". Then I heard about WayForward making a new Shantae game. That got me excited about how would this new release would be.I got Shantae Half-Genie Hero as a friend's christmas gift, and needless to say I was really really happy. Not only because I got a gift from a friend, but also because I was really into getting this game. That turn out to be the best gift I received in years!The HD Graphics are amazing! Never thought an 2D platformer could look so good and so fluid (even for my not-suited for game laptop). Which just makes me wonder how much better it would be if I had a better pc.The story is quite interesting, with lots of puns, gags, 4th wall breaking, etc. Never taking away the immersion of the player from the game.Gameplay, which is the most important (imo) is as fluid as the graphics and animations. The challenge of the game is not too simple, not too difficult, it's just right for a non-hardcore platformer. The teleport mechanics are SO SO handy, since there's a lot of sidetracking to do, which could've make the game a bit tiresome without it. So useful.My only complaining (if so), would be that the game seems a bit too short. Which is way Im quite anxious for the DLC.In resume, probably one of my favorite games in my steam library (if not my favorite). So worth it, So recommend it."
,Recommended,253840,29724006,Posted: 5 February,all,Inferno Dialer,"Pros:+Same characters, same world, but in beautiful 2.5D+♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING music, Jake Kaufman does it again.+Really great level design+Transformations are really fun+Monster girlsNeutral:*It's definitely way easier than before (I put this as neutral because some people might want this) but I thought that it was a little saddening that there was a significant decrease in difficutlyCons:-It's a little short (I 100% it in 5 hours, less than half that what it took me in Pirate's Curse)-Continuation of above: The levels are way smaller than in previous games. While the individual areas are bigger so there's less loading between screens there's less going on in each level.-Some of the Transformations are poorly utliziedI'd also like to add that the ""true ending"" you get bycollecting the four clues to get the Polarizeris kind of anti-climactic. It just ends and we don't see a final interaction betweenShantae and Riskybut it's possible that this was intentional because we'll see more in the eventual DLC modes that are supposed to come 2017 and onwards.Verdict:While the game is great in it's own right and a good evolution for the series, I can't help but feel that it doesn't quite top Pirate's Curse which was a really amazing game. It's still a great game, solid 8.5 from me. If you like the series or like 2D platformers then play this game, it's ♥♥♥♥ing great.Also, Neo Burning Town is the best version of Burning Town."
,Recommended,253840,30203485,Posted: 26 February,all,Swabbleflange,"Once again WayForward have delivered a wonderful adventure. Though different in structure, Half-Genie Hero retains its predecessors' exploration-heavy gameplay, encouraging players to revisit and eke out every secret from its varied levels. The move to hand-drawn HD visuals worried me at first glance, but in motion it's utterly charming and the attention to detail is excellent. Music maintains the very high standard of the series, and our lovable cast of heroes and rogues drive the lighthearted story full steam ahead.Though not a challenging game by any means, Half-Genie Hero keeps the player on their toes with its abundance of secrets and a dash of precision platforming. The highest recommendation."
,Recommended,253840,31794237,Posted: 16 May,all,ButtzAndGiggles,It's a Must Buy Game
,Recommended,253840,28495958,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Lord Baricus,"This game is phenominal, I love it so much! Everything about it is on point, from the solid and familier gameplay, the great dialogue, the outstanding soundtrack, the smooth animations, and the stunning visuals. This game is AMAZING! And I am so happy that I can finally play it!"
,Recommended,253840,28492706,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pirate Shantae,The music is just amazing!
76561197996628193,Recommended,253840,29288674,Posted: 15 January,all,Cpeepers,This Monster Musume spin-off game is excellent.
,Recommended,253840,29291958,Posted: 16 January,all,Jaboos,Very good but slightly difficult.
,Recommended,253840,28520032,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Puniko,"Cutie Game. So Challenge in some scene. Good sound, good story, good animate."
,Recommended,253840,28520296,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wildfire,"This series continues to be one of the best set of platformers coming out currently.  Also, P.O.O.P.T.O.O.T."
,Recommended,253840,28925015,Posted: 1 January,all,TheNegromancer,"Great new addition to the franchise.  Cleared it 100% in about 4 hours, but that's par for the course with these games.  The usual brand of shantae humor with the usual brand of action, mixed with puzzles to keep it interesting.Monster t1tties everywhere."
,Recommended,253840,28741099,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MASTER BAIT,It's hard to play while spanking the monkey
76561198042234868,Recommended,253840,28520332,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MasterHeroDude,Great game! Still think Pirate's curse is better but still pretty solid. Squid Baron/10
,Recommended,253840,28737267,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,253840,33257734,Posted: 4 July,all,Cheese Cake,An incredible enjoyable action platformer filled with charm and m...m..milk jugs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)20/10 Best Game Since the Dawn of Time.
,Recommended,253840,29840575,Posted: 10 February,all,cookiewizard,♥♥♥♥♥ good gameplay AND a great soundtrack! What more can you ask?!
76561198135028751,Recommended,253840,28491974,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Hentai Girl,good game
,Recommended,253840,29068369,Posted: 6 January,all,Spikà★,"3-4 hours playtime so far and I have got to say.. The art and animation is so beautiful, I can tell a lot of love went into making this game. This game inspire me to become a better artist (far from there yet, but I try).I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves platformers as well as art and animation."
76561198044540090,Recommended,253840,28507569,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Korsyo,"Just what I expected. A cheerful and near flawless platformer, where you are, again, in perfect control of your character.The puzzles and boss fights are  challenging, especially if you're new to the series, which is a good thing! If you played the previous titles, you won't notice a large difference, but won't get bored aswell.The zones' enemies now update, once you revisit them, reflecting that you've beaten the boss of that level.Lots and lots of transformations. WayForward was like: you asked for more transformations? THERE U GO!The playstyle is a mix between the original and Risky's Revenge, regarding the power-ups and weapons, making Pirate's Curse a unique experience.MOST IMPORTANTLY: The items (relics) you buy can make the game a walk in the park, but they can be disabled and you can define your own difficulty.There are some minor tech flaws, which I hope they get patched soon, other than that, I really recommend it. If you're a fan of the series, want a good platformer or another metroidvenia done right, then this is for you."
76561198015229979,Recommended,253840,29515283,Posted: 26 January,all,patyos,The 4th game in the Shantae series with tons and tons mroe transformations then the 1st and 2nd game.Great graphical update  with its own artistic style to it.Strong platforming and Metroidvania esque game design.Lots and lots of backtracking for collectibles and power ups.Anazing epic Boss Fights
,Recommended,253840,28663477,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lunar Winds,Just finished my first playthrough so i thought of sharing my thoughts.Pros: Very ColorfulGreat platformingGreat SoundtrackAmazing Boss fightsYou are using abilities you got early on into the late game and not enough games do that *cough* Zelda *cough*Cons:Only one major one i can think of. If your going for %100 it is easy to get lost and you end up repeating areas several times until you get one certian ability you don't know of.Overall: 9.5/10 would buy and play again!! :D
,Recommended,253840,29697357,Posted: 4 February,all,Hillyan [NL],Some of the smoothest animations I've seen recently.
76561197980745827,Recommended,253840,29148705,Posted: 9 January,all,[HOM] KillD3stroy,"Tight controls, lively animation, awesome music. Haven't enjoyed a platformer as much as this since Shovel Knight.Would highly recommend."
76561198352082981,Recommended,253840,29149520,Posted: 9 January,all,CodeDonutz,I spent more time then id like to admit trying to defeat that mother ♥♥♥♥ing giant mermaid
,Recommended,253840,29154692,Posted: 9 January,all,HimakaCapersCreator,This is a great and fun game.
76561198316429544,Recommended,253840,33291137,Posted: 5 July,all,Ahano,greate game i love it.
,Recommended,253840,33732214,Posted: 22 July,all,Joal,"DISCLAIMER: This review is coming from someone who hasn't played any other shantae game, has not played a lot of platformer games (Besides mario) and is a fan of casual style games like planet coaster.Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is the first shantae game I have played, but throughout my time playing it, I have been Enjoying it.Gameplay 4/5: The controls are solid and easy to learn (I reccomend using a controller to play)Functionality 5/5:Style 5/5: The HD, Cute art-Style fits well for this game.Music 4.5/5: Not all thje music fits well for the theme of the level's (especially main street) but it isn't bad, not at all!Challenge: 4/5: Some parts are pretty difficult (at least coming from me) but it isn't an annoying kind of difficult.Overall: 4.5/5: for being the only platforming game I've played on pc, I was not disappointed!And also hips...10/10 for hips..."
,Recommended,253840,29090658,Posted: 7 January,all,Pronbear,"smooth platformer, does what it sets out to dothe killer is the soundtrack 11/10"
,Recommended,253840,28701712,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,darlliu,"It's still a good game but I feel like the kickstarter model didn't do too much good to the game because it's a step back from Pirate's Curse. Personally I'd say Risky's Revenge is even a little bit better.On the bright side they did progress from pixel art and have what I think is a great engine for the game. So perhaps there's some great potential in the future. The graphics, music and general movements are on point, although there are some minor bugs causing the game to stop for me from time to time. So overall it still plays great like a Shantae game. You get a lot of dances and the typical magic, which is very fun.Where it gets insufficient and I suspect may be due to the kickstarter forcing them to implement so many elements to the game and thus not having enough time left, is the content and the story. The writing, first of all, seems a bit off. Shantae isn't a story focused game by any means but I thought this game story wise is especially shallow and did not portray the main characters as well as they can. Content wise you have so many powers and forms but there is very little content specifically designed for them, in some cases only one zone or none at all. Also, to inflate the content the devs added a lot of backtracing the the zones and since this game is no longer metroidvania style that's also not as good an experience as in previous games where revisiting zones and doing challenge dungeons can be so much fun. Another issue is boss difficulty tuning-- the later bosses are a joke unless you restrict yourself to not using any magic or item at all.I think if this game was a bit more polished story wise and had 50% more content (that's not backtracing) it would have been great. As it is I still can't hate it because it's still Shantae but I don't regret not joining the kickstarter either."
76561198170083214,Recommended,253840,28702437,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Frank Reynolds; The Anime Man,I am in love with everything this game has and will do in the future! Another hit coming out of Wayforward
76561198066941960,Recommended,253840,28845815,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Faith,Spent 8 hours straight playing this. You never want to turn down the music even when you hear it for the 100th time.Some levels can be rage inducing for being almost pixel perfect but over all the charm of the game makes you forget and forgive.Even someone like me who have not played a platformer in the past 15 years could enjoy this game then so can you.
76561198238700390,Recommended,253840,28701393,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The-Gaming-Lion,"Fantastic game, thoughtful level design, and a solid platformer. Its easy enough for new players to pickup. The music definitely stands out as some of the best I've heard in awhile. I enjoyed the story and geniunely had fun exploring and figuring out how to get past obstacles, played up even higher by the gorgeous animation that fills the screen with life. The main game is somewhat short, but I know that the DLC characters and their stories are on the way to fill out the experience with their own unique gameplay. If youre looking for a fun platformer with an amazing amount of polish look no further. I can't thank Wayforward and everyone involved for getting this game realized."
76561198126777621,Recommended,253840,28703559,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MikeyChipmunks,Just completed my second Shantae game. The guys at WayForward really now how to make a great game. I have no cons other than the game is a bit on the short side but there is still two more campaigns to go through. Can't wait for Risky mode!
,Recommended,253840,33191064,Posted: 3 July,all,Exteremely dapper asian,♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing adorable 10/10
,Recommended,253840,28780545,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BuljumWaffleMan,boobs
,Recommended,253840,31703212,Posted: 12 May,all,dorimani,"Great art, story, gameplay mechanics, animations and a very creative theme.This game is smart and fun! Very recommended."
76561198360777909,Recommended,253840,32380603,Posted: 12 June,all,supahkent,"Fun game, very colorful, sharp detail and great animation. Collect the whole set! :)"
,Recommended,253840,34205938,Posted: 12 August,all,HolyJunkie,"i once took a bellydancing course.i can't stop shakin' deez hipz....the teacher looked nothing like shantae, though."
,Recommended,253840,28580011,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Apostian,This game is every bit as fun as it looks!  Also giant mermaid waifus.
76561198126111777,Recommended,253840,29439343,Posted: 23 January,all,Aesgareth,LIKE ALL SERIES SHANTAE. THANKS
,Recommended,253840,28652347,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jachymor,"Updated Review!In short: A platformer collect-a-thon true to the Shantae franchise with 2 1/2 D HD graphics. Backtracking is still in, but level selection makes navigation a whole lot easier. The monster girls in this game are to die for. Big plus for the visuals, slight minus for some cringy humor.Good for: Shantae enthusiasts and regular platformer playersBad for: Hardcore platform enthusiasts and lengthy adventure seekers"
76561198272246735,Recommended,253840,34550672,Posted: 28 August,all,Moose,"i LOVE this game, could've been better due to *insert every review of this game*, but i still loved it, and I NEED THAT RISKY DLC NOOOOOOOOW.*y u tease us wayforward ;-;*anyway, great gamegreat graphicsgood gameplayits hard tho"
76561198276997143,Recommended,253840,34232726,Posted: 14 August,all,popopo,Is a good game by it pls
76561198059162132,Recommended,253840,29119832,Posted: 8 January,all,Jorgin,"The game is incredibly hard but also very rewarding, is a hell of a ride for completionists and has many fun little secerets. I suggest youdon't watch any guides if your thinking about buying this gamebecause the puzzles are very hard but super satisfying to beat by yourself."
,Recommended,253840,29125272,Posted: 8 January,all,Igor Bogdanoff,very good but still missing some of the kickstarter bonus stories
76561198067230237,Recommended,253840,29194721,Posted: 11 January,all,Bigu Momu,First time playing a game in the series and loved it. 10/10.
,Recommended,253840,29734919,Posted: 5 February,all,Kibs Prime Ribs,It's boopin
76561198141670719,Recommended,253840,29278171,Posted: 15 January,all,Togborn1234,"well done, fun game. can't wait for the next Shantae game."
,Recommended,253840,28494552,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Phantom,"A solid, all around action platformer. Well worth the $20 price tag."
,Recommended,253840,28500839,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ultimatenewb13,"I already absolutely love this, the latest addition to the Shantae series. I didn't think I'd be okay with the shift from pixels, but it made the change very, very well. I highly reccomend this regardless of whether you've played the other games or are just now jumping into this series.*edit* ♥♥♥♥ EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT DAMN DESERT LEVEL I'VE BEEN HERE FOR ALMOST THREE HOURS10/10 for enjoyment so far106/10 for giant sexy mermaid"
,Recommended,253840,28500341,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,WalŦz,"Team spends weeks finding bugs in the gamePlayer finds one in the menu upon release day(If you decide to configure gamepad controls without a supported gamepad, there's no way to cancel. ESC and BACKSPACE does nothing.)"
,Recommended,253840,28500495,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,sardine,"Waited 3 years for this game to be released, wasn't dissapointed. It's up there on my top 10 games of 2016 guranteed. Only real critisism with it is that it's too short for my tastes, but then again that's only on the initial playthrough. You'll definatly love it if you're into collecting things in videogames."
,Recommended,253840,28895882,Posted: 1 January,all,ishmael205,I can't complain.
76561198011107573,Recommended,253840,28660571,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,cecilandblues,"Lots of fun, good length, casual difficulty, good for a platformer novice like myself. Art and sound is exceptional. Good value for the length. The power creep gets out of hand at the end of the game removing any challenge from the final series of bosses. It's a little anticlimactic but stll a strong showing in the Shantae series and a fun ride. I am quite satisfied with my purchase."
76561198020575563,Recommended,253840,28781270,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"So far soo good. The graphics are good, the music is great, and it plays like a dream. Kind of like a tounge-in-cheek Symphony of the Night."
76561198176061846,Recommended,253840,31052313,Posted: 9 April,all,98Peanuts,Ret 2 Go
,Recommended,253840,33140339,Posted: 2 July,all,Free The Slug,what a fun game
,Recommended,253840,34247891,Posted: 14 August,all,josuke,"i like it a lot i am 200 years old, thanks."
,Not Recommended,253840,34159188,Posted: 10 August,all,psicothico,"This should be a great game, but the saving system has issues.The game stopped to write any new information at the save file. The save file does not become corrupt, but it simply does not update to my last progress on the game. It is like the save file has ""frozen"" on 1:26 of game completion.One just cannot play a long game like this without saving the progress."
,Recommended,253840,31156420,Posted: 15 April,all,Ya Boy Guzma,shovel knight levels of good with senran kagura levels of waifu10/10
,Recommended,253840,30082148,Posted: 21 February,all,rroosshh,More difficult than I expected and more fun too !
76561198016158213,Recommended,253840,30112707,Posted: 22 February,all,Venomeyes',"I enjoy the Shantae Series, yet can't say this iteration is a step up. The only thing going for this game is the upgrade in graphics (Completely Objective) and that it continues the story for Shantae the character.The story in this game was weak. It does however give a nod to what of the main characters mentioned before, and they did just that. ( Trying not to spoil the game here).There are far more transformations in the games, which is nice. Say, we have 6 transformations in all, 3 would be base abilities, while the other 3 would be upgrades to those previous. Like a level 1 fireball that shoots 1 fireball to a level 2 fireball that shoots 2. Some transformations are oddly specific and have no other use to them.Dances is what Shantae does, yet she does only one dance for all the transformations. Which was sad to see.... I liked where she had many dance moves (animations) when she would transform.It seems art styles change with each game, and I am a huge fan of the Pirate Curse art the most. It had personality. I would blame transformations for taking up production time on making the conversation art better.Puzzles are nearly nonexistant, or way too easy. The game was fairly easy. I did not have to worry about dying due to lose of hearts, well, neither did I in the last game....There is no map this time, and finding things was easy. Some items made the game too easy. You can turn them off if you think that would present a challenge. Then if thats the case, don't look for items.Sadly, I would have rather played Pirates Curse again for the ingaging characters, side quests, and other such stuff.The good part is that they made it easier for you to travel where you want faster with a travel dance and a whistle to travel from world to world. Save points arent the usual, where you find the guy and choose to save. Each section of a level requires you to make the choice. In case you die or are trying to do a certain achievement this shines. A Little.I still recommend this game. I wished I got wind of the Kickstarter so I could support them. I want them to continue making more Shantae games, but I think they need to look back at Pirates Curse, which I think to be the best of the series.Platforming is really weak. I'm not sure if this game was trying to cater to some group that thought the platforming wasn't important. They even threw in a small castle level with those detestable magic doors that warp you all around.I feel the lack of funds and the over-ambition of making so many transformations has watered down the level design for puzzles and more animations for the characters has made this game not up to par."
76561198042706874,Recommended,253840,28502111,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bloodfeast Island Man,More like Shantae: hafta to take a shower sometime today because boy do I reek
,Recommended,253840,34597087,Posted: 29 August,all,Biscritz,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ CAN I NOT GET THE DLC FOR RISKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,253840,29760915,Posted: 7 February,all,Knifeponλ,You are a Turkroach genieRemoveBut in other news this is a great game.
,Not Recommended,253840,30481309,Posted: 12 March,all,Meffaliss,"If you're looking for a deep story, great levels and a big world, this is not your game. Half-Genie Hero has more in common with Megaman than it does with its previous entries in the Shantae Series, while trying to hold to its original roots, and somewhat failing at it.Where HGH succeeds the most at is in its fidelity. This game is really colourful, the animations are bouncy and lively, it's just very pleasant to look at. The soundtrack is really good too, however, I do find it to sound REALLY flat due to its really high volume. After downloading several soundtracks from the composer, Jake Kaufman, that seems to be an ongoing issue with his masterings. So if the game sounds too loud when you first start it up, it might catch you off guard and I defnitely recommend lowering your volume.When it comes to being a sequel, the game improves a few things from it's closer sibling, Risky's Revenge, is the dancing system and overall powerups. The new system implemented in this one works better as you only have to press the dance button and then choose which transformation you want by pressing a direction. It works well and if you think it's too slow, you can even get a powerup to make the dance faster. In fact, HGH is probably the fastest feeling entry so far thanks to its responsiveness.Probably my personal favorite part of the game when it comes to gameplay are the first four stages... when played linearly. They are quick, action-packed and are quite fun to traverse with fun bosses (Except for the last two...).The first part where game falls apart to me when they want you to backtrack to stages to get specific items. It wouldn't be a huge issue if the stages introduced new things but they just don't. The ''new paths'' are usually one or two rooms, which more often than not, will either be coursed through in less than a minute, or are big and open with nothing in them, just to pad things out. It gets really monotous to since you have to do exactly that, several times in a row to even progress to the next stage.The second part is actualy the final third of the game. The stages feel unfinished, with even less original set pieces, hazards, especially when two key characters are haphazardly placed in the second to last stage, with no introduction. In fact, a lot of characters in HGH are completely forgetable and have barely to no development at all and when the game ends, it really feels unsatisfying. Now if you factor the rather dull design, and combine what is essentially the game breaking transformation, the Harpie, you get a final stage that is insultingly easy. Why? The stage was designed for you to take advantage of a couple of transformations. The Issue? The harpy can fly over the majority of them. There were only two counts where I switched to the monkey. This makes some rather elaborate traps completely useless.The final boss and endings are not much better. First, my game crashed once when I defeated the first phase of the boss. Second, I skipped the cutscene as the fade to black was still on the screen, leaving it black and making the fight impossible (I've encountered several glitches so far, some worse than others). Third, if I am either regular Shantae, Mermaid Shantae or Harpie Shantae, the background of the second phase will never rotate like it should and screw with the movement of the boss' attacks. FOURTH, the final phase has an attack that circles the whole arena, and it makes no sound effects. If it does, I can't hear it. It also blends with all the other assets during the fight due to their colours. FIFTH, the endings are almost identical, regardless if you get the ''best'' or ''regular'' ending. It's  just not satisfying at all and feels slapped together.The final slap in the face to me from this game, is the fact the DLC will have to be paid for non-backers. Considering how barebones the game felt, along with the lackluster two final stages AND the full price of this game, I flatout cannot consider even getting the DLC. I feel like they should have been part of the game ''and the price'' from the very start.If Shantae Half Genie Hero was not forcing mandatory exploration and padding and was more like Megaman, as its stages are clearly focused on being much more linear than the areas from the previous entries of the series, this would be so much better. However, as it stands, and WITHOUT THE DLC AND AT FULL price. I can't really recommend this game unless you're a die hard fan. If you want a significantly better experience, go get Shantae and The Pirate's Curse.If the DLC releases and they have a bundle for the launch price of the game and cut the standalone game's price, then it might be worth checking out. Maybe...."
76561198097188010,Not Recommended,253840,30001912,Posted: 17 February,all,FrozenFacade,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero just doesn't live up to the other games in the series in my opinion. It's not a bad game per say but I would only recommend this one for people that have children... the series kept getting easier ever since the first game but this one had a very unsatisfying level of challenge. The challenge came only from instant-death autoscroll segments which leave you more frusterated than satisfied.The combat is a joke in Shantae's latest outing... with the huge stock of food you can hold I never felt threatened by a boss... for the last few bosses I didn't even care about getting hit I just maximized my damage hitting them and healing when needed. Some of the attacks might have been somewhat fun to learn the patterns for but.. it was never necessary.It's nice to see a return of the transformations to Shantae but some of them feel pretty pointless (Mainly the spider form which is only used for a couple parts and essentially replaced later)I really wanted to like this game because the Shantae character and theme of the games are so fun, lighthearted and bouncy... but the gameplay this time around just didn't let that happen."
,Recommended,253840,29143191,Posted: 9 January,all,Tsukasa,"I...Just.Damn, son.Them Jiggles."
,Recommended,253840,33141490,Posted: 2 July,all,GodistheGreatLord,"Awesome game, a little short though."
,Recommended,253840,28494576,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Le Tharja,So far this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I just hope there is no stealth encounter like the last one...
76561198001366381,Recommended,253840,28494701,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tryclyde,Awesome
,Not Recommended,253840,28622378,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tarofel,"To start off, if Steam would let me I would say I'm between mixed and not into recommending it.It's a good game, but honestly not as good as its predecessors. It opts for linear level design and world design, the entire exploration aspect is gone. But for some reason, the game kept backtracking. As soon as you finish the second level you need to go through the entire first level and kill 30 enemies in one respawn area to progress. If you bought the warp spell you can just do a a bit of one third of the level and warp out, but you have to buy it, and you'll likely instead buy a damage or attack speed upgrade first. It really seems like something you can just do, like select and area of the level from a menu or something along those lines...The game itself controls nicely and has great art, animation, and music, but with lackluster bosses and seemingly bland level design, it really doesn't shine well.The third boss is what did it to me. It's such a boring mess. First of all, it's the worst type of boss, one where you have to wait for it to go through it's silly and long attack pattern before doing one hit to it (you have to hit it four times). It's also a cake walk to dodge the attacks. Personally, one of my favorite parts of side-scrolling platformers tends to be the bosses, so this really was a deal-breaker for me.If you dislike platformers being less linear, I suppose you could play this game.If not, you should rather play Shantae and the Pirates Curse and maybe the other games if you're up to it.This one is just too easy and tedious, and honestly, lacking in good game sense. I was really looking forward to this game and bought it early, but the direction it went in is dissatisfying to say the least. I'll buy it again when it goes on sale, most likely, but for now I'm refunding it."
76561198012108903,Not Recommended,253840,32878625,Posted: 27 June,all,Nemm,"Too many auto-scrolling levels.Seriously, what is it with game devs and their obsession with underwater levels, awful underwater controls, and dumb autscrolling levels.Otherwise a good game, very colourful, very cutesy, very silly. Lots of hidden secrets that you get as you do in metroid-inspired games. You visit levels later, with new abilities, and unlock everything. If you like autoscrolling levels in your jump and run, go get it. It's a good game, but if you, like me, loathe autoscrolling, QTEs, and other, sorry excuses for a ""sense of urgency"", stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,253840,34604296,Posted: 30 August,all,Vogel100,"It looks good, but it just has too many problems for me to like it.-The story is terrible. Hardly exists at all. If you want anything that resembles a story, don't play this game. There's no funny moments either.-The levels aren't designed around your abilities. It feels more like you're breaking the game with your abilities. Which is a big problem that makes the gameplay much less satisfying. It's incredibly easy because of this as well.-The portraits in conversations look a lot worse than in previous games. Stuff like that bothers me a lot actually. Especially in a game that focuses so much on having superior graphics compared to the rest of the series.-Less fan service than in Pirate's Curse. Another small problem but it still bothered me.I'm bad at writing long reviews, so I hope this is good enough."
76561198002050721,Recommended,253840,28567993,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,HexCaster,Good platformerFunny WritingShiny GraphicsKickstarter That Actually DeliveredGiant Jiggly MermaidBUY IT NOW!
,Recommended,253840,31356294,Posted: 25 April,all,DLF The Meme Lord,Legic Material.
,Recommended,253840,29329903,Posted: 17 January,all,dertmeme,is good
76561198102786010,Recommended,253840,28496426,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Juan de Céntrico Mierda Puesto,Tracer is a lesbian
,Not Recommended,253840,29490228,Posted: 25 January,all,Mahina,"Not as fun as the first game, voice acting feels out of place and poorly done, gameplay is watered down and easy, story seems to pander to young girls with all the joke lines being unfunny attempts to bash on men, unlike the old witty jokes that made you laugh. Controls are not good on keyboard with it restricting you to only using it, unable to bind functions to the mouse, even on non primary buttons. Overall was massively dissapointed on the continuation of one of my favorite games."
76561198116530645,Not Recommended,253840,33372805,Posted: 8 July,all,WsanEeki,A diagonal screentearing on the middle of the screen and no Vsync option.
76561198120134131,Not Recommended,253840,30064210,Posted: 20 February,all,Havelock,"No story to speak of... Infuriating.... Ep, we have one good old times platformer here.Controls are responsible though :)"
,Not Recommended,253840,29054161,Posted: 5 January,all,Oblivion Gaming,Here's my review of Wayforward's Shantae: Half-Genie Hero.  Spoilers in the footage and in how I talk.TL:DR It's a disappointment compared to others in the series.  An average platformer with nothing that is remarkable.  Only buy if it's on sale.https://youtu.be/tqWlEvNKlTY
76561197988191937,Not Recommended,253840,29677906,Posted: 3 February,all,sdbest83,"Meh. Not what I thought it was going to be. Looks good in preview videos and has good in game graphics but the gameplay is a bit off. Since Shovel Knight created platformer nirvana for me, I think I'll just go play some old retro games until Yacht Club publishes something new. Beats having a list of steam games in my Library I've played once."
,Not Recommended,253840,34099929,Posted: 8 August,all,Voodooman,"Dissapointing departure from METROIDVANIA adventure roots of 1st and 2nd game to dumb linear unchallenging platformer with endless hordes of enemies spawing in your face.Shantae 2 was the game that made me fall in love with metroidvania genre, Shantae 4 aka Half-Genie Hero is the game that ruined almost everything series was loved for.I really tried to love this game, but i just cant beat huge dissapointment.Yeah, art direction is nice, but even it has departure from sexy Shantae of previous game to feminist friend chubby chibby Shantae, and besides new art direction there is nothing interesting.Also i really hate inconsistence of level design between games, they cant keep main town and Shantae home consistent between games, every time i start new shantae if feel dissonance and keep asking myself ""who the **** rebilt the island again?"", and there is no in game excuse to that (they could at least add like 2 lines where shantae asking why town needs to be rebuild and always different, and someone tells here that major is weirdo and cant keep things consistent).And something really ♥♥♥♥ed up UI designers in a head - instead of showin cutscenes talks at lower part of screen like they used to be in previous games, they are show in upper part... you may think its not a big deal, but thing is that art cut from bellow, there is no smooth fade out to transparency and it feels like amateur work or bug that misaligned conversation UI.And controls getting worse and worse in every game. Its amazing how they can make controls clunky when they had so many buttons unused.Everything in this game feels lazy, rushed and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and while i love WayForward games (especially shantae 2 and duck takes remake) this one feels almost as bad as their Blood Rayne betrayal. I think they are working on way too many projects nowadays and dont put their souls in their games anymore.The only thing that devs can do now to please betrayed fans of what Shantae supposed to be - make a Shantae Trilogy ramake with assets from this abomination and yet with gameplay of previous game (however 3rd game was not that good as well, but at least it was way better than this one, it kinda was mixed between 2 and 4).Damn it, i really want huge maze levels like it used to be in Shantae 2, i want backtracking... i want puzzles, i want a lot of conversations with other charactes and i want adventure\quest genre elements that was vital part of Shantae 2 and was dumbed down in 3 and almost completely gone in 4 Half Genie Hero :-("
,Not Recommended,253840,28697614,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ask,The game only has 6 levels. i 100%'ed it in 8 hours.It's also not as good as other metroidvania games on steamBuy the following (superior) games first before buying this:Ori and The Blind ForestGucameleeDust: An Elysian TailOwlboySteamworld DigCave Story
76561198156714462,Not Recommended,253840,29812145,Posted: 9 February,all,petros.laoudikos,"Shantae's newest outing is a decent game, it looks and sounds great but it's just not worth the 20 Euro price. I managed to finish the game in a few hours. That's really bad, considering that it took me weeks to finish Pirate's Curse. Presumably Risky Mode is coming out at some point but it's going to cost extra (ANOTHER 20 Euros). To make matters worse the game doesn't seem to work with my Joypad and I had to set up Joy2Key in order to play it from Steam. Unforgivable for such a pricey game.Still, I am not asking for my money back. I am a big fan of the developers, and I want them to keep making games.My Advice: If you like Shantae, buy Pirate's Curse instead. It's a far better and more fulfulling game. Or wait for a price reduction/sale."
,Not Recommended,253840,30439495,Posted: 10 March,all,Hera,"If you are looking for a game like Cave Story, Ori and the Blind Forest, or Rayman - look elsewhere.Visuals: Great/Fun/Bouncy style. Very pleasant to look at.Story: Funny stupid. The right kind of funny stupid.Sound: The music matches the visuals, very spot on.Difficulty: The game is very easy, exept for one part with spikes which will leave you frustrated and confused.Repetition: You will aquire new powers and repeat a level with said new power to unlock new areas. This can be done right, but Shantae forces you to do too many times.Level Variety: There are a few short levels. Compared to games like Rayman, this feels very underwhelming in variety.Engine: You need to mess with the compatibility settings of the EXE (Disable DPI scaling) to get it working with high resolution displays.This is a game for the fans of the ""Shantae"" series, everyone else should avoid."
,Not Recommended,253840,29572419,Posted: 29 January,all,Averost,"I enjoyed all previous Shantae titles, but have been signifigantly dissapointed by this entry. The artstyle and writing are top-notch but the difficulty is all over the place. My most notable gripe with it is that dying then reloading your last save does not restore Shantae's health at all. This become the most infuriating during a slide obstacle section in Mermaid Falls, where I ended up going into the section (and saving) with only 1HP making it so touching anything would kill me instantly. With no options to load previous saves, I was left with the option to try and finish it without taking any damage, or to restart my entire save file, and play through the first hour of the game again.As of writing this I have died 45 times on that section (which is ridiculously long by the way) and have since dropped the game, and refunded it. If I had the option to start the stage from the beginning again so I could try to have more HP going into this, I'd likely keep playing because I could fix the problem, but I'm not interested in playing the entire beginning of the game again.If you don't like difficulty and are going into this for it's witty narrative and colorfull artstyle, this game isn't for you."
76561198141818174,Not Recommended,253840,29580972,Posted: 29 January,all,Comatoast,"Expect a lot of backtracking as for every mission, you are required to collect items from previous areas in order to progress the story."
,Not Recommended,253840,31433863,Posted: 29 April,all,Eas,"Just like Shantae and the Pirate's Curse this game is really fun to play and adds higher res 3D graphics which look very polished. The story is entertaining and the transformations keep the gameplay interesting. Basically a Pirate's Curse v1.5.I'd recommend this game out of my mind if it weren't for the horrible performance. It took me 2 hours, probably 100 game restarts and every workaround in the discussions to get my fps from locked 32 fps to 60fps. And I still don't know how I fixed it.But even with 60 fps the game stutters horribly. It fluently runs 1-2 seconds, then has a massive stutter of 0,2s or something and then runs well for a few seconds againMy setup: Windows 10, i5 3570k, GTX 1080, newest driversI tried:Setting the screen refresh rate to 60 hz instead of 144 hz - Manually in the Nvidia control center because the game just uses the default monitor refresh rate without enabling you to change it ingame. And you basically have to set it to 60 hz because it stutters even more with 144hz. So have fun changing your refresh rate every time you want to play this game...Disabling my secondary screenRunning the game on my 60 hz TVLaunching the x64 dx11 execRunning it in administrator modeDisabling high DPI ScalingLeaving all the video (driver) settings up to the gamechanging every possible setting in the nvidia control centerEnabling/Disabling Vsync ingame and in the nvidia cp - Which doesn't do anythingDisabling steam overlayKilling all other apps on the pcLaunching it in Big Picture ModeNothing fixed the stuttering.Looking at the discussions with posts about these problems from back in December 2016 the Dev apparently doesn't care too much about this... Really bad port to PC. Do not buy this in its current state."
76561198041154477,Not Recommended,253840,29792689,Posted: 8 February,all,diomedes777,"......That worm, that's why I don't recommend it."
76561198160175782,Not Recommended,253840,30271083,Posted: 1 March,all,leon9870,"Honestly, great game with cute character design, nice graphic and beautiful OST.But, as a action game  newbie, the level design make me mad. The third level with a sand worm is a big nightmare and waste me 2 hours but still cannot beat it.Unfrendly level design is the reason I don't recommand this game if you are a action game newbie.But, still I like the character, so cute.....(That was the reason I bought this game)"
76561198182724665,Not Recommended,253840,29027373,Posted: 4 January,all,corpseeyes,"wish i could play it, but there is overwhelming issues with animation rendering the levels unplayable and the player left depressed. such a bummer.0/10patch inc?"
76561198144962858,Not Recommended,253840,28700440,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DarqFox,i feel the game  is good but shantae's character design is very childish and shantae is supoesed to be much more mature than what she is portrayed in this game in all the other games she is portrayed as a woman and not a child so for that reason alone i cannot recomend this game i hope way forward goes back to preveous character designs in this new engine
,Not Recommended,253840,28518777,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pandan,Unplayable bug preventing me from playing. (?)Anytime there's a room with Vertical scrolling (up down) the camera bugs out.Refunded until there's a solution. Will update the review also if they fix.
76561198007673383,Not Recommended,253840,28529438,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Renan Martineli,"Pros:+ Great Metroidvania gameplay+ Beautiful graphics and art style+ Lots of fanserviceCons:- Too short- Very weak story- Too pricey- Scummy DLC practices- Too easy- 3 years in development- Too linear- Most transformations serve just one purpose and become useless afterwards.- Dancing breaks the pace of the gameplay. It should have a shorcut to transformations that bypass dancing.Conclusion:Good mediocre game but not worth the initial price. Wait to drop to at least half of it. Do not buy any DLC, show these scummy developers that gamers have standards."
76561198322622376,Not Recommended,253840,28495386,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ayarger,"A game with beautiful, energetic aesthetics and unadventurous design.+ Aesthetics in general are sharp, cartoony and juicy. The animations with Wrench are particularly fun.+ Factory stage has a nice narrative progression.+ Stage progression is more arcade-style than metroidvania-style, which is a fun change for the series.+ New-form-containing genie rooms remind me of Rayman (PS1), and make understanding the basic utility of new forms very easy.+ The writing is fun and self-deprecating. Most of the dialogue has great gameplay utility as well, guiding the player with hints (though the bolded text takes some of the fun out of parsing dialogue for the important bits).+ VO is sprinkled throughout the game and contributes to the personality of the characters and dialogue. It seems like a clever (and budget friendly) way to equip our imaginations with a little more material.- The megaman-style disappearing blocks are played out, and a little overused in some of the level designs.- The dance selection screen is colorful, but has an odd timing-element that automates the cycling of menus. More than once I mis-selected as the menu switched at just the wrong time.- Stages tend to introduce a new mechanic, but they don't seem particularly novel so far. This level features something you can climb / hang from (Donkey Kong Country). This level features wind that pushes you (Megaman). This level features...enemy spawners? Levels don't feel surprising after the novelty of new visuals wear off.- The monkey form feels weirdly sticky when climbing on walls. It can feel awkward when I try to climb up over the side of a wall, or transform back into human form. The time lost performing attempting these acts often leads to cheap damage in combat situations.- projectile-wielding enemies tend to shoot from off-screen, which can lead to cheap damage when playing an area for the first time.- The Wilbur worm escape features level design that essentially dooms the player if they proceed up the wrong path. The choice is arbitrary the first time a player sees it, so these deaths are very frustrating.- Game over screen should have more character in a game as colorful as this. Players may see it several times, so why not try some arkham-asylum-style flavor dialogue?- The hitbox of Shantae's human form seems a bit large. Shrinking it a bit within the actual sprite raises the odds for a daring, exciting dodge. Players who get used to the smaller hitbox can use it to make combat faster, more risky, and more showy- Characters often animate during cutscenes and dialog, but without any zoom, this easily goes unnoticed (some dramatic zoom wouldn't seem out of place in a story this goofy).- Monkey form seems to have far more general utility than the crab form.- I wish there was an overarching villain to give the story a visible destination. As it stands, the magnet contraption ties things together a bit, but the player isn't even told how many pieces remain, or what the final design looks like (unless I'm missing something-- perhaps there was a way to look at the blueprints before handing them to uncle).- The liberal use of VO really gives the characters...character, but we don't need Shantae revealing the high-level strategy to each boss phase. It takes away the fun a bit, and most are simple enough to simply not need it.- There seems to be little difference between a fall-death and a game over. The latter should be a more impactful fate than the former, yet the latter typically places the player at the exact same location as the former, but with full health! Often, it is the better option, as being forced to restart an area without having health replenished sometimes sets the player up for quick, highly-probable (and frustrating) failure.- Bosses don't seem to emphasize new abilities much, in the way a Legend-of-Zelda boss would. While LoZ bosses may go overboard with the way they require stage-specific abilities, the bosses here feel a little rote-- all they seem to require is a bit of hair-whipping and jumping, for the most part. Mechanics never really come together, or combine in interesting ways during these fights, and they never really feel exciting as a result.Thank you for your effort on this game, and best of luck moving forward!"
76561198137765729,Not Recommended,253840,28763925,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cactus,this game is so hard. the lack of savepoints make it worse. i spent an hour on the THIRD level trying to figure it out.
,Recommended,253840,30944252,Posted: 4 April,all,GS Killerkram,"Dat music, dat art, dat metrodvania platforming. Also risky boots <3"
,Recommended,253840,30913114,Posted: 2 April,all,NominalFlow,"This game is great fun.  The controls are fantastic and responsive.  The graphics are bright and beautiful.  It runs flawlessly in 1080p on my gtx 970 and core i5.  The soundtrack is also tremendously fun.  Late at night with the lights off on the TV with a controller is how this game was meant to be played.  I would liken it to Stranger Things, in that it brings back nostalgic feelings of all my favorite childhood platformers, but with all the polish of a modern game."
,Recommended,253840,30915129,Posted: 2 April,all,Lewis,"Incredible entry to the Shantae series. Very well polished with fantastic art, music, and gameplay."
,Recommended,253840,28522892,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ludical,"Makes me not want to play a single Mario platformer. It's fun and it's great. Pacing is top notch, and the increasing challenge is just what I want it to be. Graphics are wow, and the story and characters will pull you in. Exactly what you would expect from a game in the Shantae series, and more."
76561198104225824,Recommended,253840,28523065,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TurboBacon,The best installment in the series so far!
76561198078484019,Recommended,253840,28512968,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,"Finally!!! My beautiful Shantae is at long last in HD! This has been one of my favorite game series. I am old school and love my 2D action platformers. If any of you enjoy this genre as well then this game is a must. Cartoony graphics are great and soundtrack is awesome. Controls are tight as well making everything great. Great for fans of Mario, Metroid, Castlevania and even Contra and Megaman. Great 2D action and  platforming with light exploration to find hidden areas for items. Extra characters and modes further extends the fun. Story is great and funny too. Highly recommended!"
76561198123460646,Recommended,253840,28518172,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BodyEater,"Saw it was released and bought it straight up. The art, gameplay and music are all amazing and stay true to the previous games."
76561198298535915,Recommended,253840,28510874,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FlyingKangeroo,"This game is another tight, entertaining adveture from wayforward. In this game you play as shantae trasforming into diffrent animals. But in my opinion the star of the show is the animation it looks goregous. But some levels kind of feel bland. 4/5 P.S Update there are trading cards now."
76561198098571884,Recommended,253840,28518818,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,pu$$y $m@$h3r,"Its a good GAME and all, but I really WONDER why random WORDS are in CAPS and colored YELLOW in DIALOUGE."
,Recommended,253840,28520024,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,indownbad,This game is fantastic!
76561198040808162,Recommended,253840,28520182,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Zetsuki,"The amazing 4th installment of the Shantae series.PROS:The controls respond exactly how they should.There's so much thought put into the art and animation.The transformation count in this one certainly does not disappoint!Boss fights are fantastic, not too difficult, but require you to pay attention.You make use of all your transformations near the end of the game, which in itself is a massive plus.The ability to turn off gear and abilities from the shop and the ability to use older versions of magic powers.Hero mode and plenty of achievements to hunt for.CONS:It's a bit easier than other shantae games (As well as some transformations making certain segments way too easy to platform through)... but you can switch certain items off to give yourself more of a challenge.It's quite a bit shorter than other shantae games, but there's more content on the way.If you like Metroidvania games and platformers, this is right up your alley.A ton of fun and very hard to put down, and one of my favorite games of this year.It gets a 8.5/10 from me because Squid Baron isn't last boss yet. (Totally a valid reason, right?)"
76561198000556363,Recommended,253840,28516325,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ReD-EyeD,"Absolutely bootiful. Paid full price day one, no regrets."
,Recommended,253840,28518640,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,N e r f A k i r a,"Solid game at launch? CheckFuture DLC in the works? checkFuture free dlc in the works? Checkwhat more is there to say?its a solid game, fun to play, i will say it seems a bit worse than pirate's curse, but hopefully the future dlc will fix that. its a solid game and well worth the price."
76561197990287175,Recommended,253840,28511307,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Azure,"Fun game to play through, controls are tight, attacking feels good. Cast of characters are cute some more memorable than others, overall a joy to play through. The enviroments are quite detailed some of the plot is interesting (and disturbing if you think too much into it). Some puzzles can be fun to solve while others are merely wait until you get X powerup then backtrack, which honestly didn't really fit that well in an arcade style game like this.But this game has a few issues with challenge, there are a couple of parts which are challenging BUT because of 1 hit kill hazards, so it is more of a change the angle of your jump or timing challenge.Spells feel quite useless, only ever needing to use one just because I had to for a quest. Some forms just outright break some of the platforming stages allowing you to just skip entire segments by simply going off screen (Much like with Super Mario World and the Cape).The main meat of the game, the gameplay itself the generic enemies are rather forgetable outside 1 - 2 enemy designs and many enemy types you can easily just ignore and run through if you feel like it. The main offender for this happening is how easy and quick it is to obtain powerups in this game that basically breaks your character. You will find that you are practically invincible after the first stage, once you obtained 2 health powerups and the armor that reduces all damage taken by half.So to put thing short, the game is fun to play but if you are after something that can challenge you this may not be the game for you."
,Recommended,253840,28514471,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Revan,"This game has the best level design I've seen in a long time, and amazingly cute graphics."
76561198204171983,Recommended,253840,28514638,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,HeroGame,"I love this game! It's fast, it's funny, and it's just fun to play! It was worth the wait!"
76561198201304139,Recommended,253840,28500012,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,KinglyPeasant,"This game is amazing.  Beautiful art direction, witty story, and solid gameplay!  Defilantly worth checking out."
,Recommended,253840,28500253,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kobo,One of the best games I've played in yeaaaars! Wayforward really hit it hard with this shantae game
76561197993325156,Recommended,253840,28514238,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,RIon,"Love it. I bought this for the Psp vita as well, This game is 100 percent qulilty, I recommend most of what wayforward produces."
,Recommended,253840,28501815,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Goatmeal,"This game blows me away. The art style is new and absolutely beautiful (just look at the trailer), the mechanics are the same as the previous games but tweaked and improved so it just feels better overall, and the soundtrack has got me unreasonably hyped the entire time. Level design seems to have much more thought put into it, beating Risky's Revenge and of course Pirate's Curse. I really wish I backed this on Kickstarter, but it was already funded by the time I got into the series. Absolutely, 100% worth it. The art and visuals left me extremely impressed, especially.Also, the technical difficulties of the first two games seem to be absent here. (No framerate or resolution problems. Running at 1440p 144hz, settings were autodetected correctly.) It seems to be capped at 60fps, but that's only noticeable when the camera is panning, for the character sprites and UI don't really need it.Make sure not to play this if you haven't first played Risky's Revenge and then Pirate's Curse. They both go for really low prices on sale.+ Art and visuals are amazing+ Same witty humor, which I personally really enjoy+ Mechanics control so well, noticeable improvement over previous games+ THAT SOUNDTRACK.+ Level and boss/fight design is very thought out. This is a very welcome improvement over the previous games, especially Pirate's Curse. I'm impressed, I must say.~ A little fast paced. At times I would like to stop and admire the scenery a bit more.- Can't think of any constructive criticism. I will update if anything jumps out at me."
,Recommended,253840,28669668,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spooky Stewshine,"Wayforward brought back the best game series and they did it well, definitely game of the year 2016Wish we had Barracuda Joe, Branson and Squidsmith, I miss those great characters, but other than that the game was perfect."
76561198018679641,Recommended,253840,28665025,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Phenom,"Pretty much the first Shantae game I ever completed and for good reason. This game involves a lot of backtracking, which is the reason I guess fans are disappoint. As a person who usually hates backtracking more than any other video game mechanic, I have to say this is the one of the few games that did it right.Gameplay:Pros-As I tried to imply, I barely know much about Shantae or the gameplay so overall how I can describe this game as the love-child of the Paper Mario series and Donkey Kong Country. As I said, a 'lot' of the game revolves around backtracking, yet it honestly didn't feel at all like a chore. It flows well for this type of game as levels feel brand new or updated once you acquire more power ups and dances. My fear when I purchased this is that the animal dances were going to be used as gimmicks for obstacles and puzzles, but there are several situations where you can get through a level more efficiently than base Shantae.Cons-This game goes from delightfully challenging(while annoying on a few parts) to being way too easy. You'll get multiple hearts and food to keep them full forever later in the game, despite the x9 limit for each food. Combining her hair whip with the spike balls/scimitar magic could pretty much smash virtually every enemy away with ease. In fact, magic is immensely unbalanced in this game. You could literally just only purchase the weapon summoning and barrier magic then still beat the game with ease. The difficulty jump and lack of checkpoints can get annoying at times, if you fall off or run into a spike then 2-3 minutes of platforming is basically gone.Story:How can I describe it? It basically feels like a Saturday morning cartoon. I don't mean that in a negative or positive way. The dialogue feels witty and the characters keep the liveliness of the game going. Even though I found it funny, I actually felt characters taking catastrophic events to lightly to be rather museless about. The main characters seemed a bit cookie cutter, but they were solid through and through. Even though it was mostly Shantae doing the work, you enjoyed the moral support you was giving from your friends. It's hard to go too deep into it without spoiling. The town NPCs felt like characters in the beginning, but then they reverted into mere hint givers. Overall, I did find it awesome how a simple anti-monster Beacon turned into genie corrupting war machine.Music:Overall it was enjoyable to play through the game, but it didn't feel memorable aside from maybe the slide theme. Although, I can't get over Shantae dancing to the town theme.Overall:I give it a 7.5/10. Despite a lot of my nit-pickings(and a couple more I didn't mention without spoiling), there was nothing in this game that was game breaking. The platforming by itself is... decent. What saves the game is the versatile abilities and how you can use them to get through puzzles along with faster methods to defeat enemies. It also could've been 'much' longer, yet seeing how this is a Kickstarter game it's understand they had to use the funds they were given in such a little time."
,Recommended,253840,28662979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CNaught,"Best game in the series in my opinion. Excellent gameplay, beautiful animation, catchy soundtrack, a wide variety of enemy designs and expansive, interesting levels that encourage returning with new upgrades and exploring. The amount of collectibles aren't too daunting, and you don't collect things just for the hell of it, everything serves a purpose. The only weak part of the game was the end in my opinion, but I'll let you decide that. If you're a fan of MetroidVania style games, you'll enjoy this. If you like platformers from the 90's, you'll enjoy this. Give it a try! Wayforward really outdid themselves with this one."
,Recommended,253840,28666855,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,八尺様,one of the best platform gamealso come with great soundtrackand the difficult make it even greater(9/10)
76561198100624034,Recommended,253840,28650338,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ExtremeX,Wish I had know about the kick-starter. Great Game and I want to see more from this series
,Recommended,253840,28650382,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DevilsBane99,"If I could tell my 10 year old self that I would be playing a game that looks like one of the Saturday morning cartoons I watched, they'd have a little seizure!This game is beautiful, the soundtrack is super catchy (Love the cover song!)The gameplay; classic play former fare without the loose landings and the character expansiveness of an Action RPG. The levels are gigantic, and secrets are not too difficult to find if you put in the effort. I'm not at the end yet (8 hours in) but if it finished at least as well as it starts... we got another Goty contender!Way forward, don't change your style!!!!"
76561198096967374,Recommended,253840,28638560,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kevinschmidtke,"I would say this game is overall very good. It was a tough task to follow up the Pirates Curse, and I didn't expect a masterpiece.First of all, the music and graphics are simply great. The trailer gives you a pretty good impression of what this was going to be in that regard and I'm really loving it. The gameplay feels smoother overall than previous entries and they improved on the transformations, making the process less time consuming.That said, the transformations are my first big negative. We get a mix of old and new, but really they  break the flow of the game. That's an issue previous games had already, but it feels a lot more pronounced in this one. If you want to move efficiently through levels you will change forms a lot, and that can be a bit annoying at times. Not terrible, but I would say the older games handled this better, probably because this one has more transformations, and quite a few aren't really that useful.Similarly the backtracking feels worse in this one, probably because you only have 5 leveles plus Risky's Hideout. Going back to the same level, with minor changes when you enter the 2nd time, over and over just doesn't feel satisfying. Even worse every level basically consists of 2 main screens with secrets dispersed in between them plus a boss battle.The biggest issue for me is that everything feels so segmented. The stories of the bosses don't really have anything to do with the main plot, the levels, due to the select screen, feel just like that: levels and not a connected world. I just feel like they could have done a lot better by connecting the villains and give us pointless connection roads. Yes they take more time and can be annoying, but they make the gameworld feel connected.The levels themselves are absolutely great. They just feel well designed and fun to play, if you weren't forced to play them quite as often (if you want to get 100% of course). The bosses are also very creative, and some kind of boss rush at the end would have been really fun.Overall, I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who likes fun platformers. It's a little too easy for my tastes and could be better, but it's fun and that's what matters the most."
76561198079539316,Recommended,253840,28657228,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Frieza,"Excellent platformer and gorgeous, amazing addition to the Shantae franchise. Very fun."
,Recommended,253840,28648607,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Izanami,"Although I didn't enjoy it as much as Pirate's Curse (it's fairly linear and a little on the short side) it is still a pretty fun game. I preferred the more exploration focused maps in the previous one, although this one does what it does fairly well.Probably worth picking up, but unless you are a real Shantae fan you should probably wait for a sale."
,Recommended,253840,28661411,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jurd,Shantae makes me love my life
76561197975886598,Recommended,253840,28690208,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tatterdemalian,"Not the Metroidvania the previous games were, but when you consider the fact that the first thing any Metroidvania player looks for is the ability to warp around and turn the interconnected world into the sort of hub-and-mission style Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is from the start, it's not that big a deal. The secrets hiding the unlockables are actually quite cleverly designed, and the final level is... suitably frustrating."
,Recommended,253840,28548275,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,RedtheCrimson,"It's a really fun game :)The music, animations, and platforming/puzzles will keep ya entertained for a very long time. The difficulty isn't terribly hard, although some of the transformation sidequests can be quite irritating (such as the mouse mazes lol).Overall it's cute, charming, and jovial. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,253840,28585532,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Phynight,Things this game has:Great musicAdorable animationsSilly dialougeGood controlsGood jokesBad jokesFun.Strongly recommended.
,Recommended,253840,28550335,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,diarandor,"Excellent game! The graphics are awesome, with very fluid animations, and the gameplay is great and fun. Unfortunately, the gameplay and mechanics have been simplified a bit (it is more platformer and less metroidvania than previous Shantae games, there are no puzzles or dungeons, and it is much more linear than the previous games). The game has few but long levels, and I think the duration of the game is similar to the previous games; there is a lot of backtracking, but this does not make the game repetitive since you are getting new magic powers all the time, which allow to explore new areas. This is a must-have for all who enjoyed the previous Shantae games."
,Recommended,253840,28540398,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Eliphal,"Shantae is one of my favorite game series of all time. While other reviews will talk about the great level design, the (occasionally) amusing writing, the phenomenal music (thanks to Jake Kaufman). I'd like to talk about the thing I truly love about the shantae series (excluding the original).The game engine in these games is flawless. The greatest crime I feel a platformer can commit in my opinion is have a poor engine. If I ever feel like missing a jump is the game's fault, or some BS pixel perfect jump requirements, then it is a bad platformer.This is never the case in Shantae. Shantae always lands from every jump exactly the way I expect based on the buttons I pressed. If I miss a jump, it is clear and obvious what I did wrong. I timed it wrong for the moving platform, I misjudged the arc, an enemy attack threw me off. I never fight the controls, and I never yell at the screen ""OH THATS BULL, I MADE THAT JUMP"". Hard sections feel challenging, not frustrating.That right there, the silky smooth controls and rock solid engine, are the best part of this game and its predecessors (except the original, lets not talk about the original....)UPDATE:Now that I'm less starry eyed from just finishing the game. I'll give my honest opinion to long time fans of Shantae. The biggest difference in this game is the style of level design. Its less metroidvania, more mega man. This isn't a bad thing, its just different. Levels are less about being labyrinths, and more about combining enemy placement and platforming to create a challenge. To those that prefer the labyrinth style designs, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse remains your best bet. To those that prefer stuff like Mega Man X, this game is perfect. To those that like both, like me, both games are awesome."
76561197996958235,Recommended,253840,28553717,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TacticalDan,bubs
,Recommended,253840,28552770,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pullahoko,"The first Shantae game I've ever played, and if the rest of the games are even close to this level of quality and fun, I'm totally picking them up!Lots of secrets to find, fun bosses, hilarious writing and lots of replay ability as Wayforward is adding new characters, each with their own play style and story mode.  I can't wait!"
,Recommended,253840,28598658,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ulvhamne,"A lovely game, albeit a bit easier than the previous installments.Silly dialogue, pretty graphics and varied enough gameplay with a bit of metroidvania sprinkled on top."
76561198301252255,Recommended,253840,28599587,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,bigdaddygrim1,"I enjoyed this game a great deal.  For me...Pros:Good platform jumping game play. (Somewhat challenging at times but always fun.)Smooth controls. (Every death was my own fault and I never felt I was fighting against the controls.)Excellent art style/graphics that felt vibrant and immersive. (The world that I saw seemed deep and detailed.)Enjoyable/Whimsical characters and a tongue in cheek story line. (It IS silly but it has an infectious cheerfulness to it.)Very good music throughout the game.  (Some of the stages have really decent scores.)Cons:Short.  (I milked as much as I could out of my first time and only got to about 9 hours. Others will do that in half.)Easy Bosses.  (Although creative and fun they are not going to be much challenge to seasoned players.)Few Stages. (Couple this with ""Short"" above but the world itself is crying out for places for Shantae to visit.)Summary:  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a good 2D platformer.  I enjoyed it very much and had a smile on my face while I played it.  And for its price I'd say its worth it."
,Recommended,253840,28597629,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NoobGamer54,Best... game... EVER!!!
,Recommended,253840,29239505,Posted: 13 January,all,SegFault Core Dump,Im already in love
76561198055019589,Recommended,253840,29240119,Posted: 13 January,all,NonConsensualMedicine,iz gud gaem
76561198202247236,Recommended,253840,29174679,Posted: 10 January,all,rabbidpichu,"It's a solid game, but there is no consideration put into reloading a save, especially before a boss fight (looking at you Giga Mermaid). Having to repeatedly ""x z"" through the entire dialogue over and over again is *quite* annoying, but all in all it's a great game and I'd give it 9/10"
76561198136157816,Recommended,253840,29197362,Posted: 11 January,all,👻Mr.Spooky👻,This game is great if you like a platformer RPG with barly any side quest no leveling up and other stuff (looking at you Dust...) Anyways this game is great and fun to play if you like platforming battles and fun boss fights i would recommend this gameNeeds more and better jiggle physics ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198064779229,Recommended,253840,29215693,Posted: 12 January,all,Spooky_Tre,"Jamming Music, Amazing artowrk, Funny puns and jokes. This is a must have. We got Genies, Zombies, Pirates, Mermaids, Overlords, squids, AND...Damn Solid Gameplay!! The game is indeed A GAME. It has a tip giving device for finding your way threw a few hard to hint sections but its TOTALLY OPTIONAL. so if you want to play the game with given tools and test your collective knowledge of the ingame zones and enemies YOU CAN! Playable to all ages and hell, i'd recommend it to my own lil sister and Non-existant kids too."
,Recommended,253840,29214087,Posted: 12 January,all,Member?,"This game is an example of how crowd-funded projects can turn out spectacularly well.  If you've played any of the Shantae games before, you already know what to expect.  If you haven't, you've clearly had a deprived, borderline abusive childhood, and I'm sorry for that.Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a 2D platformer that, despite the HD graphics, retains its indie-esque feel.  Mechanics of the game are simple enough to pick up quickly, yet with enough depth that the game remains enjoyable many hours later (I pause to note that Steam vastly underestimates how many hours I've put into this game.  At time of writing, it's close to 20 hours).Having mentioned it earlier, I should mention that the graphics of this game are simply gorgeous.  It's an upgrade from the classic style without disrespecting its roots.Soundtrack is absolutely amazing.  Plenty of allusions to previous Shantae games that carry over with distinctive sequencing, and virtually guaranteed to be stuck in your head for hours to come.  Not that I'm complaining.With regards to the plot/story, Shantae isn't known for its compelling storytelling.  The plot is best described as 'cute' or 'quirky' and mostly serves as a vehicle by which the gameplay is delivered.  The dialogue is snappy and self-aware enough to be entertaining to read, carried by characters that are caricatures of stereotypes, but are entertaining rather than annoying.The achievement list is very reasonable with only a single 'joke' achievement, and one harder achievement for completing a 100% speedrun.  That being said, I 100%'d the game in about 10 hours in-game (which involved two full playthroughs).  If you can't be bothered to route the speedrun yourself, there are plenty of guides for it hanging around.Overall thoughts:  This game is absolutely amazing and everybody should be playing it."
,Recommended,253840,29214909,Posted: 12 January,all,Skarlet,"Good game, cant imagine why the sand monkeys would want to cover a bod like shantae's upnot bad"
,Recommended,253840,28533235,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Semmelklees,"Let me just say it first: yes! The game is pretty good.However, when you played Pirates Curse before, then may not expect a direct sequel to that. I mean, yeah, Storywise it is the continuation of the Shantae francise, but when it comes to gameplay, it's kinda more like Riskys Revenge and the first game on the GBC.And even then it is quite frankly less of a Metroidvania then before. There are no Dungeons anymore for example. Instead you got regular levels who seems more linear at the first sight, and play suprisingly more like the old Mega Man games, with focus of challenging levels with plenty of obstacles to avoid instead of the open nature with a lot of exploration what Shantae used to be (yeah, the old Games had also a lot of tricky platforming, but in this game there are way more bottomless pits and instant death Spikes like in Mega Man as I already mentioned).However, when you unlock more and more transformations (and there are a lot of them, much more then in the old titles) and revisit old areas, which the game forces you on a repeatedly routine, then you realise that there are more and more open areas hidden inside of these levels where you can find new Items and upgrades and such. And because you can buy a move which can warp you through revisited levels and later even unlock a transformation with that you can fly and skip hard platforming, backtracking isn't even that much of a problem anymore. However, there is no more Map that help you to orient, but too be honest, it isn't needed, since the levels are still quite linear.So yeah, the gameplay rocks, but sadly, the Story doesn't. Instead of a fully fletched Story, we got more like a Saturday Morning Cartoon approach with small stories that surround every level and a tiny, tiny main plot that got it's focus at the end of the game, and is pretty predictable to be honest. It's not bad, but kinda dissapointing since Pirates Curse felt more massive beause it was one big story (and the Story in that game was really good!).But that aside: It is really a good game, the second best in the series too be honest. and while I had my problems with the Story,  the gameplay, the really excellent humor and awesome Soundtrack made me forgive this one particular flaw. If you are a Shantae fan: buy this game! If this is you are a newcomer to the francise, hmmm, try Pirates curse first, or even Riskys Revenge so you can tell if you like this Gameplaystyle. But at the end it is indeed a good game!"
76561198025056756,Recommended,253840,28668660,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,retro84,"Got this for Christmas and cannot recommend it enough. First Shantae game in HD from the ground up. Beautiful vibrant hand animated art, tight platforming, fantastic power ups and transformations. Wayforward at its best. I clocked nearly four hours on my first play session and struggled to put it down. It's just...really frickin good."
,Recommended,253840,28595812,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,EpicN The Faded a.k.a. Dr. See!,"I have the whole collection of Shantae games! These games never cease to impress.If you're not impressed with this game, look at the reviews for the previous titles of these series.(Plus these games were made by WayForward who also made the famous game DuckTales)"
,Recommended,253840,28644777,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,That Two Guy,"Although most of the good things I could say about this great game have most likely been already said, there is one thing I'd like to throw out there.This thing can run on my piece-of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2-4 year old Lenovo.Seriously. My computer struggles with INTERNET BROWSING under certain occasions and probably has more malware-esquegarbage on it than I'd care to admit.Just buy this thing already."
,Recommended,253840,28642934,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Voxix Hound,very positive review!
,Recommended,253840,29198035,Posted: 11 January,all,Mevakel,"Finished my first playthrough in around 4 hours. I just wanted to finish the story but I can see myself spending a lot more time trying to get more out of this game. The controls are tight, I love the art, and the soundtrack is great. The music can get repetative but I really like the middle eastern style. If the soundtrack was dlc I would pay 10 bucks for it. Great way to spend my hour or two game sesions."
76561198263518833,Recommended,253840,30002020,Posted: 17 February,all,john1980smith01,"This is a beautiful and very creative game.  It has awesome characters, great level design, a fun and humorous storyline, and a great soundtrack.  I'm looking Very forward to the upcoming DLC.  My hats off to the creators of this game."
76561198007430407,Recommended,253840,30012805,Posted: 18 February,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"-you have 12 dances, 8 are dedicated to totally new ways to traverse the map.-graphic is up-to-date, the 3D background and 2D characters fit each other.-Very colorful and pure enjoyment, the game focus 99% on gameplay.-The platforming is the best in the series, but the boss battle is just a joke, just think of them as high hp monster.-However, some map perpective can give people sea-sick if you are sensitive."
76561198128185368,Recommended,253840,29996404,Posted: 17 February,all,The Scissors you run with,My first game in the series after seeing so many memes about the Mermaid Queen. I was not dissappointed in my decision to buy this game. The artstyle is cartoony and bright as well as the music being absolutely amazing in every way. The voice acting is minimal which is something I never thought I could bring myself to like. You can feel the sensation that the controls were originally meant for a 3DS but you can easily adapt to the wonkiess. Overall this game is amazing and I recommend it to anyone!Also Boobs and you being to develope a liking to the zombie girl thus sparking your new interest in Necrophilia. Enjoy!
76561198029294992,Recommended,253840,29655608,Posted: 2 February,all,Earl of Lemongrab,"Another fantastic shantae game, I personally believe shantae and the pirates curse was superior to this one in terms of game play and the sense of accomplishment for 100%ing your file, but that by no means is this a bad game, this game is great if you liked the last shantae you will def like this one."
76561198011322908,Recommended,253840,29688547,Posted: 4 February,all,pegi989,"It's just a fun game with great graphics great music that works perfectly with the game .Collecting everything in the game is actually fun .I would say that a controller would be a good choise , you could get used to the keyboard controls and it would play just as good it's just that the stock controls for the controller make more sence from the start then with the keyboard .The controls for the keyboard are adjustable so you can change it .the minimum requirements for this game are also quite low and with it's specific art style i could not see a big diffrence between 1080 and 720 P ( my daily carry laptop with onboard graphs could run it with ease on 720P ) .You might also read from other reviews here that well the game ain't that hard and well they are right it still has challenging parts but it's on medium difficulty mostly , the hard parts are mostly platforming that can be frustrating at some times but it's all doable with patience and keeping a clear mind .And then there is the music oh wow the music it works with the game so well i love it .One thing i see missing from other reviews is the fact that once you start the game you can choose between just the game what is apparently a DX-9 version and the 64-bit DX11 version ( there are also alot of talking of the game being capable to run on 32 bit systems but i can't find concrete facts that it is actually true so do your research or have a 64 bit system just to be safe )all in all a great game that is fun and enjoying . even better if you are just tired of all those hard♥♥♥♥♥games that seem to pop up everywhere cause hard is apparently the new measurement of being a good game ."
76561198050515642,Recommended,253840,29699453,Posted: 4 February,all,Xxx,细节不错，各种变身都蛮可爱的，难度适中，剧情欢乐。
,Recommended,253840,29741794,Posted: 6 February,all,Jallis,This game is good. I like it.
,Recommended,253840,29757343,Posted: 7 February,all,YarHarHAR,"Awesome animation, classic gameplay, great controls, catchy music, and funny writing.  A good hybrid of discrete levels/ hub world/ and metroidvania design.Design can get a little cheesecakey so be aware of that if you are playing around the young'ins."
76561198041622983,Recommended,253840,29756495,Posted: 6 February,all,BSent,it was good
76561198055396402,Recommended,253840,29753993,Posted: 6 February,all,JACOBWESTERN11,OK im a magor shantae fan so this might be a bit biasd so what the hell here it goes!!!!!LIKESOMG THE GRAPHICS ARE BEUTIFULL!!!also the gameplay is fun and fast paced!!!the transformations are cute!!! (gotta love that monkey)also the charactors are just fun in gerneral!the length see its kinda short but for me i like it causethere are WAY to many games i have to BINGE to completethe art galllery check it out its cool!!!GIGGLE PHYSICS (dem gigga mermaid body)DISLIKEsok so every game has flaws and shantae 1/2 genie hero is no exceptionfirst of all it kinda lacks a main story and keeps hip hopping around but its ok causewith the way everyone acts i dont think u should take it seriouslysecondly this game is realy hard on your pc at times sometime frame rate can drop to like 10 FPS! butthank goodness these times only happen in vary rare momentsthird WE NEED MORE RISKYjust saying i wish she was in  the game more!! but hey with that risky boots DLC i should be happy!REALY REALY DISLIKETHAT HARPYok this was just a problem with the games in general but my GOD that harpy is SO HARDto control!!! especialy with spikes around..........ok so my final thoughts this games is........AWESOME 8.5/10 a awsome soundtrack with good gameplay make for a greatgame with qwirky charactors and moments that make you go what!!!!!
76561198078317925,Recommended,253840,29733038,Posted: 5 February,all,IN OPTIONS,"plays great, looks great, sounds great. If you liked pirate's curse and are indecisive, you are missing out."
76561198005774899,Recommended,253840,29606207,Posted: 31 January,all,3 Laws Safe,"Very short, but entertaining nonetheless. good fun, nothing groundbreaking but fun."
,Recommended,253840,29366860,Posted: 19 January,all,Mr. Kecha,"I have been a fan of Shantae since Pirate's Curse, and Pirate's Curse is one of my favorite games of 2014. A new Shantae was very excited for me that the moment it went on sale and I had money I bought it and, long story short, I loved it. Now it's not as big as Pirate's Curse and 1/2 Genie Hero doesn't have dungeons like the last game but I still love 1/2 Genie Hero.Let us start with the graphics... amazing. No joke, this is what HD sprites should look like, not just high color pixels. What made me like the graphics especially was the fact that the character portraits look like the models. Pirate's Curse had portraits similar to this game but the sprites were pixels, it created a discord between what the gameplay says characters look like and what the portraits and promo art says the characters look like.The gameplay, on base level, is mostly the same as the previous game but with the added bonus of not having the well implemented pirate gear and replacing it with the well implemented animal transformations. The most useful to me was the monkey because of it's speed and jumping ability. Despite my previous statement on the animal transformations, there are many ways to cheat. Case in point, the bat. It is so easy and tempting to jump to the highest place on a horizontal scroll and transform into the bat and fly over every thing. Also the Harpie kinda makes the monkey and bat useless.And now some quick thoughts on small points. The music is amazing in 1/2 Genie Hero, I recommend that you go get the soundtrack from Jake Kaufman's bandcamp page, seriously you don't have to play the game to like the soundtrack. Next, the story, it's okay. SomeCallMeJohnny put it best, it's more like a series of microstories with a big plot at the end.I hope you found this review helpful and be kind this is my first review. Thank You!"
,Recommended,253840,30900475,Posted: 2 April,all,Kirby,I enjoyed playing the game. It has nice graphics and good soundtrack. Controls and game mechanic are smooth and I didn't have any problems playing it on a gamepad. The only issue I had with the game that it is felt a bit shorter than previous title. Overall I would recommend the game for casual gaming.
,Recommended,253840,29874192,Posted: 12 February,all,GLORIOUS,"AWESOME SEQUAL or what ever LOL.. I enjoyed it very much.. only thing disappointed me was when my magic was max i didn't enjoy the last fight..nonetheless, wayforward did it again.. good job.. love it ♡"
,Recommended,253840,29915608,Posted: 13 February,all,Rocket,"great game, $20 is a good price."
,Recommended,253840,30041140,Posted: 19 February,all,LonM,"While the art style in this installment is quite a jump away from the pixel styles of the previous games, it definitely keeps up what makes the Shantae series good. Cute art, humorous (but not overly silly) story, and more transformation magic. Lots of levels to explore, presented in a somewhat linear fashion. And a great soundtrack. My only issue with the game is that as you get more powers, the difficulty doesn't scale accordingly. But it's still a very fun game."
76561198090281823,Recommended,253840,29132046,Posted: 8 January,all,Exise,"I really enjoy the shantae series I played the first one on my DS and both half genie hero and the pirates curse on steam. This game is funny, colourful, well animated and just plays great. I don't have many complaints but I personally prefer being able to freely move around scuttle town like in the old games and the mane bad guys are the same as the other games exept one. (I mean the villains not the boss fights) but any complaints I could possibly come up with pale in comparison to just how good this game plays and how lovable the characters are."
76561198127956524,Recommended,253840,28907322,Posted: 1 January,all,PaladinGeorge,"An adorable, light-hearted platformer. Honestly though, I feel the story could use a little bit of work. The plot was episodic, and very rushed. Not exactly appropriate for the intentions of the game. However, I loved the music and the art style."
,Recommended,253840,28527815,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chii,fun gamegood music8/10wished it was longer
,Recommended,253840,28528119,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Arstgratia,"Very great graphic, soundtrack, gameplay, and story. Shantae is packed in an entertaining style, funny and new excitement stuffs. If you like platforming, metroidvania style, item collecting, secrets, Shantae will grant your wish on them! No matter whether you are a beginner or not, you'll have some fun!Soundtrack is awesome, will amuse you to the maximum stage!"
,Recommended,253840,30949715,Posted: 4 April,all,dxxxvc,One of the best games ever.
76561198049094331,Recommended,253840,30597569,Posted: 18 March,all,[FuG] Mr. Nobody,"This is possibly my favorite game in the Shantae series. The reason why I love this game is that it has fun really fun platforming style of gameplay and the transformation sequence is back from the first and Shantae: Risky's Revenge. The graphics and animation in this game really beautiful I could just really look at all the amazing work done in this game. The gameplay has that charm the WayForward is known for making. Another thing I love about this game is the Relics you can get to upgrade Shantae such as the Shampoo's to make your hair stronger, the Silky Cream's to make your whip faster, Scmitar to summon swords to protect you. and many other Relics. I also love how this game requires exploring in some stages. I really recommend this game to everyone this game is a must have."
,Recommended,253840,33202936,Posted: 3 July,all,Yebisu,"A great edition into one of my go-to series for fun platforming. Great music, fun characters, interesting level design. It isn't perfect, but I definitely recommend it to any fan of metroidvania."
76561198050405832,Recommended,253840,33199023,Posted: 3 July,all,TonyZeCorny,"If you're familiar with the previous Shantae games, you'll definitely feel right at home with this one.It's basically Shantae's first big screen experience. All the familiar characters are back, including a few new ones to keep the story fresh. The gameplay is back to basic; with the transformations being the main focus of travelling through the different levels to find hidden items or NPCs you need to talk to. Need I mention, the soundtrack is as great as ever! I find myself tapping Jake Kaufman's slick beats every time I hear the different themes of the levels and even some of the characters themes. The bosses are huge in scale this time, almost covering the entire screen. Overall, the game is pretty quirky its in character interractions/dialogues and man-- gotta love those vibrant colors!The only downsides I can point out are the amount of backtracking you have to do, considering there's only a handful of levels. Normally, I don't backtracking an issue in Metroidvania-styled games, but the levels are way too short to have any sort of backtracking, only to find NPCs you need to talk so that they can give you an item to progress the story further. If the levels were bigger, I would've forgiven it, but I personally find it very tedious to go back to the same levels over and over again just to make sure you haven't missed a single thing. About the transformations; like I said, the level structure relies too much on them. It's much easier to travel once you obtained all of Shantae's transformations, but then again, it feels very tacky having to transform every second just to be able to land on that one platform you normally can't reach.On a side note, it's not much of a criticism, but I just find it funny that the game is aware that their audience is very ""niche"". There always been hints of innuendos in the character dialogues or how the girl characters are skimpily dressed. It's easy for feminists to tear appart how the game portrays the women. But I think it's not worth judging a simple yet fun game like this that doesn't really offend anybody. It is what it is and I think it's great to have more female leads in gaming.Alright, I'm done rambling for now. I definitely recommend giving a try this short and sweet game that I'm sure you'll enjoy, especially if you're craving for more Metroidvania-styled games... and with a kickass soundtrack on top of that!"
,Recommended,253840,33180459,Posted: 3 July,all,tearfromthered,"Almost perfect platform/adventure 2D game. Shantae are always great games and this one is. it's silly but this episode not being a ""metroidvania"" ""open world"" map makes it so fresh ! (this genre is over represented at the moment on Steam)plus : controls,  sound, graphics, level design, music, chara design, replay value and much more.issues: most bosses are not very interesting. without a guide it's very hard to know what next item you need to unlock new maps."
76561198287189455,Recommended,253840,33209942,Posted: 3 July,all,Comet_Mage_15,"Superb platformer with many collectibles and end game content to keep you coming back after the main campaign. The games main storyline is difficult and filled with many boss fights and platforming challenges. They even have a hard-core mode where when you get hit once you die, this mode is recommended for the more experienced gamer. They are also adding a second campaign where you play with a new character IIRC."
76561198073820747,Recommended,253840,33285028,Posted: 5 July,all,kill4food6,it's the kind of game only indies make anymore!it's a 2d adventure side - scroller!it's like rayman in a bra!9/10would belly - dance to access my most important skills again
76561198030384775,Recommended,253840,33332518,Posted: 6 July,all,brainchewer,"This is a nice little 5 ish hour adventure... the controls are all pretty tight, and the levels are pretty interesting.  The visuals are also really good.  I would love to see a remaster of the others done in this HD style!However, there are a few issues.  The game design is a little suspect.  The game WANTS to be a metroidvania, but the level design is segmented into sections.  And you can't go between the sections, and the levels reset back to the original state every time.  I don't know why the decision was made to do it that way, but it's pretty bad design.  The levels also weren't as interesting as Pirate's Curse.The game is good, don't get me wrong.  But if you are only going to get one Shantae game, then Pirate's Curse is a much better pick than this one is.  I am still recommending this game though, since it is still pretty solid."
76561198027921533,Recommended,253840,33341661,Posted: 7 July,all,ChipsAhoyMcCoy,"I wasn't expecting to like this game as much as I did, but i'm happy that I enjoyed it as much as I have. The gameplay is very addicting, and the artstyle/soundtrack are a nice compliment to the overall experience. If you enjoy platformers even a little bit, i'd recommend giving this game a shot."
,Recommended,253840,33418150,Posted: 9 July,all,Benja,"Very good game, I really enjoy it.I would say everything was very good including gameplay, maps, available transformations, bosses, the game modes (Hero, Normal andHard mode.Though there were some things that I liked a lot from the previous game in this serie (from Pirate's Curse), which are: (spoilers from the previous game)The extra final boss, when you had all the dark magic, in this game it could be after getting the polarizer, I would had love it if there was another boss like the Pirate King as the final Bossand  I miss the sprites for the characters speaking, I'm not saying the ones in the game aren't good, they actually match with the art style of the whole game, yet I miss the ones from Pirate's Curse.Another particular thing I loved, was (more spoilers):The Hard Mode, I really like to be put up to a challenge, and this mode gave me a good one, it actually make me use the relics, potions and other items that I did not use much in the Normal mode. And the fact that you had to be more precise and reserved when to fight or protect yourself make me think that maybe this mode (with some minor enemies buffs that probably would not be in the normal game) was intended to be the real game, and the normal mode is the game more ""enjoyable"" for normal players.In summary, great game, I hope you (devs) keep going with Shantae's series. Good work and hope to see a new game soon ;)"
,Recommended,253840,29074687,Posted: 6 January,all,PanMan,"Love the game, great art style, platforming is neither too hard nor too easy. Bosses are fun to fight, dialogue is hilarious at times. But, only one problem: there's some kind of weird glitch that makes the game crash when you try to change the resolution and you can't turn off V-Sync so that makes it even worse. Either way, gets a 8/10, because it's fun, challenging, amkes you think to solve puzzles, but has graphical problems."
,Recommended,253840,32144066,Posted: 2 June,all,ペニス,This game is so much fun to play that my words can't even describe it! I didn't even know that the game was based on Turkish culture until i looked really close.
,Recommended,253840,32869475,Posted: 27 June,all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,Amazing game. Extremely well detailed. Very funny as well. Just wish it was longer!
,Recommended,253840,32844444,Posted: 26 June,all,Tater Tot,"Listen Wayforward, I was so looking forward to this game to come out. I was so excited. You guys put so much effort into this, so I'm glad so many other people enjoy it. First off, the art is amazing of course, along with the voices. I'm just dissapointed the game went into a Sonic Adventure 2 Battle kinda style. I only went to the mermaid factory thing(I don't remember, I forgot to review this), but what I experienced was level after level, senseless traversal through some place, no sense of exploration. I'm such a big fan of the older games, so I really didn't like this one.TL;DR: If you like this stlye of game, get it. Really high quality. If you loved the experience of the older ones, it probably isn't your thing."
,Recommended,253840,32872177,Posted: 27 June,all,Xeivous,"Cute visuals, great music, fun and lighhearted story wrapped over a fun little platformer. Some of the levels can be difficult for those who aren't used to platformers and figuring out the collectables is also difficult at times. Doesn't ditract much from the expirence though."
,Recommended,253840,32862887,Posted: 27 June,all,Gamemacho,funny
76561198034778436,Recommended,253840,28538115,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jon,A stellar platforming experience from top to bottom topped with beautiful graphics and a soundtrack by one of the greatest talents in the industry today. Fans of the genre simply can't go wrong with Shantae.
,Recommended,253840,28535746,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gaige,"Half-Genie Hero is Ret-2-GoHalf-Genie hero is the fourth installment in the Shantae series, and each entry manages to impress in new ways. Half-Genie Hero's visuals are its most impressive feature, from the artwork to the animation, its all very good. I liked this game a lot, but I think it does have a few minor shortcomings.Pros+++ Visuals, they're great. The character portraits are nice, the models and sprites fit the style well, and the animations accentuate character personalities+++ Soundtrack, it's very good, each area has a unique track that sets the mood well++ Level Design, the levels are nicely designed, each new ability that is unlocked makes them easier to traverse in some way, as well as unlocking new areas in previous levels, new enemies appear in previous levels after clearing them as well+ Gameplay, transformations add a fresh take on the playstyle of Pirate's Curse, but transforming back and forth between them can sometimes feel tediousCons- Length, as a metroidvania game, short lengths are to be expected and replay value is where play time comes from. However, in comparison to Pirate's Curse I found this game to be shorter without much justification gameplay-wise-- Difficulty, Half-Genie Hero is an easy game. The ability to toggle upgrades helps to add an artifical challenge should it be desired, but for a casual player the base game is hardly challenging, especially compared to Pirate's CurseOverall, Half-Genie hero is an excellent game. I never felt frustrated with it, and that made it a fun experience. Even though it was an easy game, the effort WayForward put into creating and polishing this title was evident. With more content coming next year and a 10% discount on the game, I wholly recommend giving Shantae: Half-Genie Hero your consideration."
,Recommended,253840,28537414,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"Lovely art and solid gameplay. I wish it had been a little longer and a bit more difficult, but it's still a great game!"
,Recommended,253840,28540212,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jools64,"Fantastic game, enjoyed it from beginning to end."
76561197991824207,Recommended,253840,28541248,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,vectra,"Excellent.Finally, a Shantae game in full HD.Finally.No flaws, it's classic and classy, just jump in."
76561198296468109,Recommended,253840,28541303,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pvt. Jon,"This game is very fun with new content, great platforming, and the visuals you got a good game. When you get near the end it feels lacking and the bosses seem like a joke with you finding the little cliche they have in store it puts the games fun factor down and the game feels unfinshed just like the title saying half hero( its half of a game). Like the game is going to be like a long experence quckly rushes the end and leaves you wanting more. I found all the items and 100% the game in 8 hours not even touching one of the other titles it was rather easy. I loved this game with its humor and unique characters but they just showed up and then they were gone. I really wish to see more of the giga mermaid mabay she could of helped you in the end. I would recommend this game if you like the series. With its price it seems not worth it to some but it was a good game and I had fun and thats all that matters."
,Recommended,253840,28544623,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ron,GOD DAMN. I LOVE SHANTAE. WATCHING HER DANCE TWICE AS FAST MAKES ME WEAK.
,Recommended,253840,28544387,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,XenobladeXTrash,"A fantastic game worth every penny. Amazing music, beautiful animations, funny and light-hearted story, epic boss battles, great gameplay and controls and everything I wanted in a platformer. 9/10 would recommend."
76561198140266751,Recommended,253840,28521332,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Crash,"I would give this game a solid 9/10, a great buy for everyone. I think you will be very comfortable with the story even if you have never played a Shantae game before, and it's my favorite game in the series now. The only reason I am not giving it a 10/10 is because I did feel like there were a little too many different forms that Shantae could take on, which felt a little overwhelming at first and cumbersome later. But all of the forms were great and very unique, and Wayforward did a great job at allowing us to quickly and easily switch between all of them. Overall this is an amazing game, and I would recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,253840,28521691,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,alphawolfman0,"Very fun and challenging so far. Glad it's nowhere near as tough as the last section of Pirate's Curse. Yeesh, gives me nightmares just thinking about it. The same witty humor told through a newer HD version of the graphics I was used to. All in all, well worth it for the great soundtrack. (Plus the game's fun too)"
,Recommended,253840,28519218,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Solheim,This is one *Mighty* fine crowdfunded game! The time I have played so far made me smile so much. Love it.
,Recommended,253840,28793865,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sardia,"I really like the new art, looks very lively (in more ways than one hehehe). The music is groovy, makes me wanna dance along to the beat. And the amount of jokes and bad puns made me laugh as hard as I did in the previous games. Game is also easy IMO but still fun. Overall this really is a good game that I can replay over and over without getting tired of it.Also, I get to see Rottytops shake her hips in her new design that's a huge plus for me XD"
,Recommended,253840,28777424,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Astroman,"The dialog in this game is pretty funny, and everything about it screams nostalgia. The form switching is quick and easy and doesn't hinder you if you like to play at a fast pace. I can see speed runners spending a lot of time with this one."
,Recommended,253840,28939832,Posted: 2 January,all,Ikarooz,"As expected a great sequel for a great series! The graphics and models are carefully designed and lovely animated, gameplay is fluent and motivating and the soundtrack is super funky! I didn´t expect less from it, very well done!The only three flaws for me are:- the game is a bit too easy. If you have all the upgrades (which doesn´t take a lot of work), you´ll lateron barely have to dodge any enemy attack, since heart drops are also frequent. To be fair, I COULD of course have deactivated some power ups in my inventory to set up a fitting difficulty level for myself...- you´re able to exploit some powers to get some huge advantage, for example (Spoilers!)you can use the Super Mega Puff-Thunderbolt combined with the Magic Tiara to float forever. With this method, I managed to finish the final slide level at the very end by just holding one button continuously and just floating through the stage- the game is a bit too shortWhat I love is that the gallery shows TONS of great concept art AND fan art (no matter the quality, which is nice since it really shows how much the fandom loves the game).I also gotta find hout how they managed to make all those 3d models so painterly, must be a combination of great textures and good shaders, hmm...Nevertheless, it truly matched my expectations and I know that I´m going to listen to the soundtrack for the next few weeks while drawing some of those cute monster girls, especially that percious bone spider lady < u <"
,Recommended,253840,28982835,Posted: 3 January,all,CaptainAtMan,"It's a silly, cute and sometimes sexy metroidvania. It's short, but easily worth the $20 I payed."
76561198144363807,Recommended,253840,29050167,Posted: 5 January,all,jtm117,"Coming from a guy who has played, beat and loved Pirates Curse aswell as Risky's Revenge I can say without a doubt this is one of the very best indie series i have every had the pleasure of playing. With all of the additions that they have made from previous titles in the series, Great visual effects, and the comedy that still has me laughting everytime I boot up Half-Genie Hero. All I can say is Thank you WayForward for giving us this great series and I am looking forward to the Risky DLC in the future."
,Recommended,253840,29050267,Posted: 5 January,all,Sazabit,Shantae 1/2 Genie Hero is a truly welcome addition to the Shantae series.
76561198142011295,Recommended,253840,29052565,Posted: 5 January,all,Zinico,"What a polished game. It's as simple as that. The graphics are like minature art galleries overlaid and animated with fluitity like niargra falls, the music is inspired, and the gameplay is genuinely fun.But despite that praise, there are some problems with it. There are some akward set pieces, like the sliding sections and the whole of the hypno barons mansion, and with the back tracking one has to do, some places start to get dull as you aproch them in the same way every time, and a lot of the secret sections are just plain dull. I got my game time's worth, but I'd rather the aprochable jorney have had more weight than the collectables.Ultimately, though, this game is a solid good time, where all the good make what little bad there is nearly obsolite."
,Recommended,253840,29053467,Posted: 5 January,all,TylerGuy,Fun platformer with great art and soundtrack.
76561198049089171,Recommended,253840,29148169,Posted: 9 January,all,Mr. Jellybean( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°),"Oh boy. As someone who has an old history with platformers ranging from my first Gameboy Advance SP with Super Mario Advance all the way to obscure cartoon platformers like Fairly Odd Parents Clash with the Anti-World, this game was one blast to the past.Half-Genie Hero is one of the best 2d platformers in recent history. It requires a lot of backtracking to previous areas, which I personally enjoy, to gain extra abilities and story related items. The great part of this is the areas change visually after the first time you visit it. Sometimes good, sometimes bad(no more counterfeit mermaids). Unfortunately, it's a short game. I managed to finish up the main game within a couple of hours and achievement hunting isn't really hard or too time consuming either.The visuals and soundtrack are absolutely beautiful. I couldn't help but get immersed into the game whenever I started it up and an hour or 2 would fly by. Whenever I would have to go back to Tuki I would always pick Tassel Tower just for the music.The gameplay is great. Very smooth handing and fun interactions with enemies and environment. My only complaint would be the handling of switching between dances. I feel it would've been nice to transform in between animal forms instead of going back to Shantae for a QoL improvement. But it is extremely minor anyways.tl:dr Extremely fun world that is visually and euphonically pleasing. If you're into platformers you'll enjoy this one. If you don't, you ceratinlly will after this one."
,Recommended,253840,28745356,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,muranell,It's definitely a bit easier than the the games in the series. That said it still a lot of fun and the visuals and music are easily the best in the series.
,Recommended,253840,28864436,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bakai,My Review On dis bootyfull game.https://youtu.be/fVl2Zl4Figg
,Recommended,253840,28849303,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Meshifuari,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is continuation of Shantae the pirate's curse. Don't worry, even if you haven't played the previous one, you still will be able to understand everything. The game offers, amazing humor, beautiful world, a lot of skills, interestingly written characters, tons of enemies and bosses, transformations that make you feel like you're playing whole different characters, you can also buy equipment and upgrade attacks.. In addition, developers have announced free additional characters in the future. If you're a fan of the series, you should buy it right away. If you're not.... you still should buy it right away."
,Recommended,253840,28814877,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,K[A]NE,+ Awesome music. Cool graphics.- Shorter the previous parts. Only grinding is sorta creating space.Let's wait till the Risky Boots dlc will come out.
,Recommended,253840,28880093,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FullmetalNinja25,I backed this Game on Kickstarter even though I had never played a single Shantae Game beforehand and I must say it is well worth the money I gave to WayForward who continue to be one of my favorite Game Developer Studios. I love this Game to death and will definitely play the other 2 on Steam as well as find a way to play the Original.
,Recommended,253840,28879072,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DeafPereira,"I have all games of shantae.This game is soooo good I mean is almost perfect, run as 60 fps make look so beautifull.You guys say that this game is not anymore "" metroidvania "" but seriously this game still continue as "" metroidvania "" because this is kindy reminder me Ducktales remastered and previous of shantae. You can go somewhere world and explore more. If this game is not "" metroidvania "" the shouldn't there explore and world will be just select level, but this game is still "" metroidvania ""Gameplay is pretty impressive and make feel better to play and flows,concept art and Design is pretty good and beautifull.The music and sound is really goodThere some funny dialogues (example Bolo) and there insteresting of storyIf you guys ask me is worth to buy ? yes it is, is pretty fun, new challenge, new music, new design and new style.I will be wait next DLCCons:This game need support 30hz if your monitor is 30hz you need change 30hz to 60hzRate: 9/10"
76561198085318221,Recommended,253840,28920920,Posted: 1 January,all,getTHISwork,"Good game, I definitely recommend it! I don't see any flaws to this game at all, it's optimized well and the gameplay is smooth. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,253840,28850785,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jayo,"This is how you pull off a successful Kicksarter game, unlike a certain Might Number..."
,Recommended,253840,28808160,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crash Kamikase,"The Game it´s great but we need:- FIX THE SPANISH TRADUCTION!!! IT HAS A LOT OF GRAMMAR HORROS.- MAKE THE OPTION TO USE ANY CONTROLLER I WANT! I CAN´T USO MY TWIN USB JOYSTIC AND PLAY WITH KEYBOARD IS HORRIBLE!Thanks 4 your attention!!!PD: Sorry for my bad english, im for Argentina :c"
76561198245306088,Recommended,253840,28853062,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,silver_Sparrow,"The Game was fun it's not a broken rushed mess. Its nice to see a a fun game for once like Dust.Also The sountrack 10/10. But the game is not for everyone this is all I have to say for the negitive reviews""What did you want the game to be, in your image that can't happen if you want a game to be what you want make it yourself and you may discover a creative side about you that you never knew"". I create Games (none finshed) but making a game takes time. So thats why I am giving Shantae: Half-Genie Hero a 10/10 and a High recommend.So buy it and get Ret-2-go."
76561198083972971,Recommended,253840,28830582,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,LBXZero,"WayForward did a good job working out this game.  In comparison to previous titles in the Shantae series, this one has the least ""clunkiness"" feel to it.  The game feels better streamlined.I will also say, the game will feel easy.   Once you are decently equipped with pick-ups and upgrades, the game and boss fights do get easier.  This game is built around the same premises that keeps Super Metroid in the spotlight.  Super Metroid has good replayability and is as challenging as you make it.  Shantae: Half-Genie Hero, all the same.  This game is as challenging as you make it.  If you don't want the last fights too easy, don't collect everything or put everything to full use.  Find your own challenges.The story is great and worth reading through, even though you can skip through it for a speed run.  I find the story is well balanced and fun.All being said, previous games had a Metroidvania feel.  This game is more like the Mega Man X series where you replay levels to pick up items hidden in each level.I fully recommend playing this game and the other 2 Shantae games available on Steam.  The original game is Shantae for the Game Boy Color, and WayForward has not ported or remastered it for a modern console or PC.  And this game is also the 4th game in the series, not a reboot."
,Recommended,253840,28771731,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,angryfrenchfry,"Every since I heard they were developing this game, I've been so excited to play it. When it finally came out, I bought it right away and jumped in. Such fun gameplay and it feels so much more smooth than it's prequels. The soundtrack is on point and one of my favourite parts about the game along with the art style.I'm looking forward to playing Risky's campaign when it comes out. I cannot reccomend this game more!"
76561198136346176,Recommended,253840,28760463,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ennis_tha_Menace,This game is really great for hardcore gamers and casual alike! If you like Mega Man or Metriod then this game is for you. The visuals are really good to its like your playing an anime. And one of my favorite features is that is great for 100% completioners like myself! Overall I give this game a 9.5/10 or 10/10!
76561198305933561,Recommended,253840,28768045,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Greenlink246,game is hard sometimes don't get me started on level  with all the death pits. but the game is still fun. best game about a half genie hero. end score 8 out of 10
,Recommended,253840,29076835,Posted: 6 January,all,dragonfire,"Great game, feels like an old school platformer with enough stuff from the new age to make it a complete package. It does suffer from a lot of backtracking (which is by intention and does it in a good way) but besides that -maybe- one down side it is a definite pick up for people who enjoy the platformer series"
,Recommended,253840,31635169,Posted: 8 May,all,Ｓａｄｍａｎ／／私,"I originally downloaded this game as a meme to pass the time while waiting for something else to download. Turns out I liked this game way more and it even made me go and buy the previous installment ""Shantae and the Pirates Curse"" as wellPros:-Fun, satisfying combat-Genuinely likeable characters and funny dialogue-Excellent HD Graphics-All the levels and enemies associated with them are unique, no reskin & repeat mobs-With the upcoming DLC, you can play as Risky Boots, the main antagonist as well as all of Shantae's friends-Plenty of collectibles to keep you busy, there's always something you need to do and you rarely, if ever, get lost-Several combat options ranging from Shantae's signature hair whip, to powerful magic spells-The transformations are all really cool, even the bat has it's uses especially if you're speed running-Absolute god-tier soundtrackCons:-The game is short, like, 6-9 hours short-You have to backtrack frequently to previous levels after acquiring new abilities in order to get stuff you couldn't beforeThings You Need To Decide For Yourself Whether Or Not They Are Pros Or Cons:-Unless you play Hardcore mode, the game is pretty easy and healing items are abundant-There's a near end game item that gives you infinite magic which you can pair with an invincibility spell and become literally unkillable-Similar to The Pirate's Curse, there's a somewhat large jump in difficulty between the rest of the game and the final platforming level.-Some people complained about backer exclusive kickstarter rewards, however I personally found that they weren't that special and missing out on them doesn't detract from the game in the slightest-All you miss out on are two color palette swaps, one for Shantae and one for Risky, a sword reskin for Risky Boots, and the tinker bat transformation, which honestly, isn't all that usefulVerdict?Great, low stress game with good replay value, entertaining characters and interactions as well as fun combat. 9/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,253840,31651119,Posted: 9 May,all,thePoark,"Another wonderful Shantae adventure.  Very enjoyable gameplay with pleasant use of backtracking through previous levels.  Gorgeous graphics, really nicely animated and stylized.  A few frustrating segments (escape sequences), but are short enough to get through with a few tries.  Highly recommended if you enjoy a light-hearted platforming adventure with tight controls and reasonably challenging difficulty.  Here's hoping for another sequel!"
,Recommended,253840,31648867,Posted: 9 May,all,Yiven,"SO YOU WANT TO PLAY SHANTAE, HALF GENIE HERO? WELL! Do you like platformers? Do you like puzzles, do you like completing things 100%, do you like hip motion and DO YOU LIKE SASS? Well. Then Shantae, Half Genie Hero IS FOR YOU!But in all seriousness - It was worth the 20 bucks! I just beat it after 12 hours of gameplay (Though I did die more times than I'd like to admit, so tack off about 2 hours of me being a screwup), there are multiple modes to try, many hard achievements to unlock, speedrunning and with that tasty risky boots DLC coming up, it's looking better than ever. So! If you like platformers, a reasonable challenge, sass, hip motion, a great OST and somewhat frustrating backtracking, (I got lost a few times going back to crap I missed.), then get this game! It's a jolly good time and the humor will probably catch you off guard once or twice."
,Recommended,253840,32526007,Posted: 17 June,all,Eltanin,"Charming visuals, charming characters and charming world backed up by tight gameplay and platforming mechanics as well as one of the best soundtracks in video games by Jake Kaufman.Overall just a really fun title that's not hard to recommend."
,Recommended,253840,31209579,Posted: 17 April,all,RyoScar,"Having never plaed Shantae before I'll say that the style of gameplay/collect-a-thon works quite well, it's fun to traverse levels.only real issue is the bosses are way too easy"
,Recommended,253840,30328723,Posted: 4 March,all,Shadow Reaper,"Really fun to play, fully did everything, just not the speed run achivments since ii suck at that, but worth playing just waiting on the DLC."
76561198064425307,Recommended,253840,30367210,Posted: 6 March,all,Western Bass,"To start this off since the new update I wanted to say I loved this game even before Hardcore mode came out. I beat it on both normal and Hero mode. The level, item, character design are amazing. The transformations are great and they lay the puzzles out pretty well. But the problem is that I breezed through the game, it was way too easy! But now that Hardcore mode has come out it feels hard and I can actually die to minions now! Before Hardcore mode I only ever died to environmental hazards. I never died to Bosses either.I never really do reviews but I feel like this game deserves it, because even if it was easy it was just that enjoyable. If you have never played the newest installment in the series and are thinking of buying it. Definitely! But if you do and want an actual challenge then go for Hardcore mode right off the bat. I'm not sure if you can go for Hardcore mode right off the bat without beating it once but I really hope you can."
76561198114270070,Recommended,253840,31229941,Posted: 18 April,all,Shadow Midnight,This game was very fun and challenging to play through. Pirate's Curse did feel more difficult in many ways and even though it was fun it felt very different from the other Shantae games since she lost her powers. Half Genie Hero makes the levels feel more fun even if it means some things are slightly easier. You can get overpowered by unlocking the last item in the game which makes the final boss overly easy however the traps that requires Falcon in the final level still makes it a good challenge to beat either way. If anyone has enough guts to do hard mode they basically make the final item that overpowers you useless even if you do bother getting it making the final level much more challenging.
76561198029321347,Recommended,253840,28854465,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Doomstrike53,"(Edited since the addition of hardcore mode)TL;DR: Good game, but a step back from the previous title. Initially downvoted because of lack of content, and even now I feel like the base game only barely meets the $20 asking price, especially since there will be paid DLC in the future (unless you were a backer in which case it's all free). If you're looking to get into the franchise, I would VERY strongly recommend Pirate's curse instead, or even Risky's Revenge: Director's Cut since Pirate's Curse is a continuation of that story.PROS:-Platforming is fluid and satisfying.-Absolutely amazing soundtrack. Less tracks here than PC, but what is here is golden. My only critique is that the first run of the first level had vocals which I found distracting, but that same track is also played during the credits which is perfectly fine.-Transformations are more fluid than previous games, and there are many more of them.-New art style isn't bad (chibi isn't really my thing personally, I prefer pixel sprites and Inti Creates' art style from Pirate's Curse).-Humorous dialogue. I laughed out loud on multiple occasions.CONS:-Easily my biggest issue is the switch from the metroidvania playstyle. There are no dungeons, no save stations and no open world. HGH plays more like a Megaman game. You have stages divided up into a few areas that give you a save option between them. Stages can be replayed from the beginning to collect upgrades/items previously unattainable, and later on you get the ability to warp ahead to the next area of a stage if what you're looking for is in that area, but there is no backtracking to the previous area in a stage. If you miss something in the previous area you have to restart the entire stage (warp is handy here).-Overall less content than PC, as stated before.-Story is severely lacking. Rather than an overarching plot, HGH consists of several mini-plots, none of which are very interesting.IMO, the game feels like less effort went into building the game and instead that effort went into creating new assets and engine. Probably the reason Pirate's Curse was so awesome was because it reused so many assets from Risky's Revenge, and so much more effort was able to go into the game itself. If so, then I can only hope that the next game turns out to be at least as successful as PC was by reusing assets from HGH.Also, I would absolutely LOVE to see the return of Inti Creates artwork for the next game."
,Recommended,253840,29228042,Posted: 13 January,all,Sebbern,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is in no way a bad game. It has much of what made the previous Shantae games great, like its fluid animations, great visuals, silly story and amazing music. The gameplay feels fantastic and responsive aswell. But despite the game's numerous positives, one can't help but feel a little disappointed.The metroidvania style world building and levels in the previous titles have been cut for ""chapters"". A chapter consists of several linear stages (go right. for the most part) and side scrollers. There are secrets spread throughout each chapter. Some you can get right away, while others you'll need a certain skill to get to. This forces you to backtrack and revisit chapters, and is a small substitution for the metroidvania styled secrets. This however doesn't make the exploration that enjoyable, as you're forced to run through the stages quite a few times to get everything. There is a dance you can get in the game called ""Warp Dance"", that lets you skip a previously completed stage. This helps getting to a correct stage faster, if you know there is an unacquired secret there. But you will still always start at the very beginning of a stage, so you'll always have to run through the beginning each time you want to visit the area.Another minor disappointment is the absence of a few animations that exists in the game's previous titles. Some examples are the various dance animations, a proper dodge animation, and an idle ""hurt"" animation. Even though they seem minor, and not too important. It all adds up, and more fluid animations helps the atmosphere of the game greatly. However, this doesn't change the fact that the game has quite a few animations already, and of very great quality.One can't help but feel that the game is missing something when coming from Shantae and the Pirate's Curse. There are many small things that if added, would add that little extra bit of polish and quality, and it would help out the game immensely. There are even concept art within the game that shows that there was so much more planned for the game, but for whatever reason was scrapped. If it is because of the lack of money or time isn't easy to tell, but it could also be because of the promises they have to deliver because of the kickstarter.These are however minor flaws. Half-Genie hero is very enjoyable for what it offers. The game oozes ""Shantae"" from the very beginning, and is a treat for every fan of the series. If there is one thing WayForward doesn't get (too) wrong, it's the Shantae titles. And one can tell that they really care about this series.Here's to a successful Risky dlc campaign, and future Shantae titles, because this series is absolutely splendid."
76561198040747516,Recommended,253840,29173516,Posted: 10 January,all,Karingan,"Well-built platformer, beautiful art assets, powerful music soundtrack and comical writing direction. Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a fun, challenging callback to it's roots. Having played the original Shantae on the Gameboy Color, I was understandably hyped when I heard that this game was becoming available. While I was not able to back the game during it's Kickstarter period, I was happy to purchase the game when it became available.The game is an immersive platformer with challenging area setup, bosses, and puzzles. It doesn't feel bogged down or full of tutorial, it's quick, spunky, and enjoyable."
76561198059673205,Recommended,253840,28615389,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spamming Tanks,"It's fun like the previous games and looks great.Pros:-Excellent platforming, and well done metrodvania elements.-The soundtrack.-Fun characters, dialoge, and animations.-Variety in levels, powers, and enemies.-The soundtrack.-Challenging puzzles.-A well paced game, with balance between getting powerups, and game progression.-Great boss battles.-THE SOUNDTRACKCons:-Far, FAR too easy.-A stung together plot that feels more like a series of events, rather than a story.-Moments of character or plot development that are dropped and never brought up again.-Returning to previous levels can get tedious, without a break.-The protagonist, Shantae, could use some more animations. In particular, I would like to see future DLC or an update give her more dance animations, like in previous games.I'm glad this got kickstarted, and I especially look forward to the DLC that lets you play the other characters, which was a reached goal in the kickstarter campaign."
,Recommended,253840,29104502,Posted: 7 January,all,Doki Doki Gonzales,"A short but fun action-platformer with a heavy emphasis on re-exploring completed areas to find new items. It's very short, though. I completed it in 7ish hours, with most of that time spent backtracking to look for goodies. Very easy, with only a couple slightly frustrating parts (that are admittedly very merciful)."
76561198066866186,Recommended,253840,29104623,Posted: 7 January,all,Rhymesaur,"I am not a long time fan of the game series, I played this one right after playing pirate curse for the first time and it felt just as satisfing to play.  The collectables arent too difficult to find you just need to be slightly less lazy to get them all.  I will probably attempt the speedrun acheivments at some point when im ready to replay this game.Tl:Dr Satisfying game, I will play it over again for sure."
76561198056126997,Recommended,253840,29232292,Posted: 13 January,all,ShadowedDead,This is the first review I have done on steam but I feel like this game needs it's praises when I first saw this game I thought it looked like so fun little game so I got it little did I know I was in for a ride this game doesn't stop amazing till the very end the sound track and the gameplay both mix together to make this game enjoyable the whole time you are playing it one of the only faults as of right now is how short the game is even if you get all the achievements that are available right now the game only lasted me around 6 hours for the main game then a few more wraping up the speed run achievements this will most likely be fixed when the new story's are out.
,Recommended,253840,29266984,Posted: 14 January,all,paulmalmsteen,"It's worth noting that this game is not really a metroidvania, anymore, like previous installments. There are some pros and cons to this format, though. It's much more linear, employing stages rather than a single world for you to explore. I think this helps the player progress through the game more quickly keeping the fun alive rather than feeling like you you're constantly just running around on the map to find things like in previous titles.The game is gorgeous. It's is colorful, the characters are adorable, the levels are fun to run through, and the music for the game has some really nice arrangements of the main tunes from the franchise. I had doubts, initially, about the style of the game when I first saw it on Kick starter, but it's grown on me and now I really love it. There are lots of transformations -- perhaps too many as some become almost obsolete after getting new ones that replace them -- and open up possibilities for combat and exploration -- and they all looked great, as well. The transformations are pretty easy to utilize and don't really require specific button motions to transform like in the original.On the flipside, however, the game almost feels like it's not finished. There's a lot of polish to the game overall, but it just feels like it's too short or as if there are stages ""missing"", if you will. However, this may be remedied with the Risky Boots DLC in the future.Additionally, one complaint I have about the linear level design is that you have to go back to previous levels many times to get things that you get either later in the stage or in future stages and you can't go backwards inside of a stage. Basically, each stage is split into separate ""divisions"", where, once you go past one within the stage, you can't go back. If you need to get to an earlier point in the stage -- which is sometimes required because on more than one occasion, you get an item towards the end of a stage that you need for the beginning of a stage for a secret or item to progress further in the game -- you're going to have to go through the entire stage all over again to get to that part of the stage. This made the game feel artificially longer than it was. It almost felt like a weak supplement to the game to lengthen it.The last problem I had with it was that the characters aren't really developed that much in it. Pirates Curse had a LOT of character development in it. You learned a lot about Risky Boots and almost developed a friendship, almost, with her, by the end of the game. However, in this, it's as if it never happened. She's strictly the villain with seemingly no recollection of the events of the previous game. It's the same way with other characters, as well, like Rotty-Tops, for instance. You grew and learned a lot about her in Pirate's Curse, but in this, you really don't interact with her much. It's like once and that's pretty much it. Even less for Poe and Abner. You basically only say one thing to them at one point in the game and that's more or less the last you see of them. I really wish there had been more character development or some sort of additional focus on the characters than the game gave. It very much felt like a cycle of,1. Meet one character that needs item to get you to new stage2. Go to stage to get item3. Give item to new character4. Gain access to new stage5. Next to nothing for interactions with that character for the rest of the game.and just repeat that for the rest of the game. It just kept the world feeling like it wasn't fully fleshed out when you didn't really interact much with all of the characters you got to know so well in Pirates Curse.Those are my only big complaints, however, and they're far out-weighed by all of the positives of the game. It's fun, it's colorful, and just a joy to play. Absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,253840,29240700,Posted: 13 January,all,Redrockshooter,"This game is one of the best platformers I have ever played. The graphics are really nice to look at it really fits the look of the Shantae world and I love the designs of the characters, enemies, bosses, and the levels. I love the music it is one of the best soundtracks I listned to with the boss theme and the mermaid factory being my favorite themes. I love the transformations they not only look cute but their abilities are pretty cool and usefull sometimes (except the mouse because it deals 1 damage which is kinda useless) but I also like the items with the pike ball being my favorite item to use and I enjoy the secret items like the infinite magic tiara and the waterfall relic. Overall this game is fantastic however I do have 1 gripe and that is that some of the bosses are kinda hit or miss like some bosses are excellent and fun like the Giga mermaid but then there are bosses like Wilbur that are kinda bland and I think they can be improved. But just that one gripe won't change my mind that this game is great, this game gets 10 tentacles up."
76561198094016953,Recommended,253840,29329295,Posted: 17 January,all,Neonseraphim,Great game and great series.  Glad there are still real games being made at this age.
76561198064279543,Recommended,253840,29325940,Posted: 17 January,all,Dogi,"My recommendation for Shantae: 1/2 Genie Hero comes with a caveat, the game might not be worth the price. That's not to say that it feels incomplete. It's just short.Seriously, that is the only problem I have with the game. (Barring some frustration with the ""harpy form"" controls.) That issue forces me to encourage you to buy it, but preferably on sale. This game has excellent production value in all departments, and considering it is an indie game produced through crowd funding, it is easily a paragon of the medium. I think, however, the high production value hurt the product. There likely was enough money to make it look, sound, and play amazingly; but those funds couldn't be stretched to make the game longer, to justify the price, that they need to charge to make their money back. It is a catch-22, and it sucks.Then again you might buy it and think it as worth twenty bucks. I don't know how you feel this is just my opinion. Hopefully they'll make some free dlc, like Yacht Club Games did with Shovel Knight, and it will be enough to make it all worth it. I guess I was just lucky to buy this game during the winter sale."
76561197978387124,Recommended,253840,29324100,Posted: 17 January,all,Let Them Eat Pancakes,Some amazing cartoon artwork. Gameplay that brought me back to being a kid. Interesting puzzles to solve.Only con was the last world was pretty lackluster and awful compared to how fun everything else was.
76561197971131035,Recommended,253840,29497588,Posted: 26 January,all,OIL MAN,"Pros:-Stage music is incredibly catchy (like really good Sonic music catchy)-Extremely smooth and satisfying controls and platforming experience-Story and dialogue are cute and hilarious-Voice acting is adorable-Visuals are extremely sharp, animations are silky smoothCons:-Boss battle music is the worst in the series-The entire game is painfully easy, and disappointingly short (less than 5 hours to beat it, 8 hours to 100% it)-Boss fights look pretty, but are poorly designed (nearly impossible to dodge many mechanics, but trivial to just ignore the damage / eat consumables and faceroll through them)-A lot of the new content (kickstarter goals, I think) is inconsistent (a lot of the new transformations you get are borderline useless, and only exist to solve one or two specific puzzles)-Plot continuity has been effectively discarded, for those that actually cared about it (it's a prequel/not prequel/reboot/not-reboot ????????)Neutral:-Character design is generally more cute, less sexualizedTLDR: If you like Shantae, you'll love this game. If you like platformers/metroidvanias/casual games, you'll almost certainly enjoy it a lot, but the price tag might be a bit high for the amount of content there is."
,Recommended,253840,29520092,Posted: 27 January,all,Amateus,This entry in the series is very good.  I'll be very excited for more content to release!
76561198150476216,Recommended,253840,29436893,Posted: 22 January,all,B1itz,"Awesome game, harkens back to the old school side scrollers I grew up on. Looks great, plays great, buy it. Plain and simple."
,Recommended,253840,29435036,Posted: 22 January,all,Tomiply,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a platformer with beautiful graphics and animations, excellent music, and fun and tight gameplay. It's not as good as Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, having simplier levels that feel a bit bland sometimes, no dungeons, and not as good puzzles. Also, there's a lot of backtracking. Overall, it's still a very fun game with really good music.Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,253840,29431983,Posted: 22 January,all,Steven Memeiverse,Best game of 2016! It is amazing. (I had no idea who Shantae was before I bought this game.) I definitely recommend this game to anyone who has played any of the original Shantae games or Ducktales Remastered (made by the same company.)
76561198025347194,Recommended,253840,29533558,Posted: 27 January,all,greenman,"Amazed to get this at last - seriously, I'm a late adopter and I wanted to get a PS4 now vs mmmabye next summer for this game - this game and Bloodbourne.But I've followed Shantae and her adventures way back from the Game Boy Color days.  This is a wonderful dip into modern 2.5D vector capable gaming - the retro rebellion against the modern 3d FPS GTA stuff.  The focus on art and story.If I'd only have one criticism is that it seems like her 'world' is smaller, no vast trek through a circular ring of islands, ruins, forests, small towns, etc.Another thing - artistic - there's a place with lots of towers, ruined, jutting up from the ground - where in the previews they had her facing the worm monster...  I was hoping they'd have it be Irem aka Ubar - the legendary lost city of the Genies, and a link to her heritage.  Nope.  Dumb but funny.  Didn't ruin it for me, just kinda hoping.Anyways, this game is overwhelmingly worth buying and I thank steam for having it here so I'm not tempted to buy a grossly bloated, expensive console, same for the other two for freeing me for buying that NintenDON'T whatever...  I'd have boycotted it for their censorship of ""Fatal Frame"" alone.WayForward:  If you read this - my IMO...Make the next game as deep and layered as the first - a whole island ring full of forests, dungeons, ruins, towns, etc.  Plus a few other places like Magic realms.Have her confront her parents, and the Djinn, her heritage at last.  (no the ending was a teaser)  The 'real' Djinn if you look into the lore have a wonderful heritage, both powerful and tragic.Have the Squid work his way up to ""end Boss"" - hehe, just kidding..."
,Recommended,253840,29451421,Posted: 23 January,all,Tempest The Dragon Knight,"This is definetly a very fun game to play. While there are some problems with the game like a non-linear plot, the repetion of using the different dances, and what I felt to be a disapointing final boss, these things never prevented me from enjoying the game. If you enjoy platformers or just want a game with some witty and funny dialouge then this game is just for you."
,Recommended,253840,29451713,Posted: 23 January,all,Zecele,"Honestly Shantae has got to be one of my favourite platforming series and Half-Genie Hero is no exception, Beautiful Visuals and I have to say the soundtrack is mind blowing. The gameplay is addicting and fluent, when I finished my first playthrough, I immediatly wanted to start another.There are some downsides however, the game felt shorter than both Riskys Revenge and Pirates Curse though there is DLC incoming with a new full campaign so once that is available I feel it will be more than worth the asking price.I also felt the game was way to easy, you are given an insane amount of hearts I feel even half the amount would of been better."
,Recommended,253840,29476673,Posted: 24 January,all,Tofias,"Usually it's hard to amaze me when i try out new games and/or game franchises. But this game man... like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ i didn't know what to expect. I've heard people complaining this game is short. I've gotta agree on that point but still, that didn't stop me. I've enjoyed every single second of playing this amazing game.The soundtrack is so perfect, it can keep up with many Sonic Soundtracks in my opinion.I love the artstyle. Strangely it doesn't look wrong with 3D backgrounds and 2D characters.I'm suprised this game controls quite good on a keyboard, maybe has a little too many button maps but after a little work around it was completely fine for me though.To the level design. It doesn't feature a large amount of levels, but every one of them is filled with hundreds of secrets.You often have to revisit levels if you wanna go for 100% or need to get story-relevant stuff.Over time you learn new so-called ""Dances"". By dancing you can transform into an animal and gain unique abilities like climbing, swimming, etc. to explore every single inch of these well designed levels.The story is pretty simple but for a platformer its fine to my taste, i'm used to much worse stories in platformers. *Cough* Sonic Lost World *Cough*The dialogues were exactly what i'm looking for from a platformer of this kind. Humorous but not over-exaggerated.However, there's that one dude who kept fourth-wall joking like it was his job. I love him and the writer for that. xDThat's pretty much all i can say for now. i finished the game with 90% item completition in about 6 hours, i probably go for the 100%, which i rarely do by the way. ^^I rate this game 9,5/10 You should definetely buy this game if you love platformers!"
,Recommended,253840,28610338,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Atlas,This is a verry good game took a bit to beat but it has a great story.
76561198291680795,Recommended,253840,29467200,Posted: 24 January,all,simo7,"After playing the other Shantae series, I wanted the adventure to continue. Shantae: Half-Genie Hero went beyond my expectations. The changes in graphic got me all excited, the gameplay was exciting as always, and the plot was, well……………..I loved it!!!, it was all over the place but that’s what made it funny and fun to play. I definitely recommend you play the other Shantae games as well, since you might not understand the connection of some of the characters. But yeah dudes play this game, you won’t regret it."
76561198062627633,Recommended,253840,29781912,Posted: 8 February,all,BluePegasusPony 🍌~(•c•~),"dont know what else i can say, it's a great game, much better than those fancy, same and boring 3D game out there, i tell you it's worth every penny you spend on this game, and support the developer!"
76561198012714746,Recommended,253840,29810791,Posted: 9 February,all,Overlord Byron,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is an indie 2D Metroidvania platformer and the fourth installment in the series.HGH boasts an enormous visual upgrade compared to its handheld predecessors, with smooth, fluid sprites popping against gorgeous 3D backgrounds. The sprites are lovingly animated and move with a bubbling energy, often, seemingly, in rhythm with the background music.  The game is a joy to the eyes and the ears, with an aesthetic integrity that's rare in indie titles.These visuals compliment the story and characters of HGH. Shantae is surrounded by barely threatening antagonists and frequently obstructive friends, all of whom are charming and fun. Lacking a central antagonist for much of the narrative, the game is presented as a series of tangential episodes strung together by a vague goal, an undefined threat, and a series of humorous contrivances. As refreshing as this approach is, it often makes the game feel directionless. Further, whereas the previous installment gave Shantae a foil in the form of Risky Boots, HGH only casually touches upon the protagonist's relationship with her friends and enemies, making her feel unmoored in the setting.As a platformer HGH gives a solid performance. Shantae controls with precision and grace in a world that makes her limitations clear; players won't struggle against false impressions of what obstacles Shantae is and isn't capable of surmounting. Puzzles are solved by transforming into various animal and monster shapes that are unlocked over the course of the game, most often at the expense of offensive capabilities. Combat is a fairly bare-bones affair, with Shantae being limited to a melee attack that's supplemented by underwhelming mana-dependent spells.HGH is paced like a mad dash, with the game throwing power-ups and new abilities at players faster than they can find a use for them. Indeed, Shantae has a wide assortment of tools with too few obstacles to apply them to, and many of her more interesting powers go underused or are rendered superfluous by later acquisitions. Complicating this problem is all the backtracking that's required of a Metroidvania title; revisiting the game's small handful of areas quickly feels like padding, and makes replaying from the beginning feel unlikely. On the other hand, the dizzying volume of options available to Shantae by the end of the game will undoubtedly delight many players; for all of its backtracking, the sense of progress and growth is palpable.While not without its flaws, it's difficult to not recommend HGH. The game is clearly a labor of love, with an emphasis on color and energy that's uncommon in today's industry."
,Recommended,253840,28543461,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KRDiStort,"Though it's a bit on the short side and has a few design hiccups, Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a lovingly constructed platformer with a smooth curve of progression and exploration, not to mention its beautiful artwork and catchy soundtrack.Please read my full review onmy blog, here."
,Recommended,253840,28532902,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Doragon Maido,Just finished my 100% playthrough and i must say this game is almost as good as Shantae and the Pirates Curse or maybe even better...i don't know.I like the soundtrack and all the animations are very cute just like the transformations.Also you have to run around and search every corner of the world to find all items and this may make you cry like an animefan on prom night.
,Recommended,253840,28963987,Posted: 2 January,all,Floodnado,"Shantae Half Genie Hero is a visually stunning game and a great start for new players of the series.As a veteran player of the series playing all 3 of the previous Shantae games, the game really goes back to its roots with the animal transformation to overcome obstacles.  I really love the animation and art of this game. I'm hoping Risky mode will play similar to Shantae and the Pirate's Curse and look forward to all the future DLC. Game is short and straight foward can be easily completed under 2 hours if your trying to speed run it about 4 to 100%. First time play through for 100% can range from 7- 11 hours. This is simple platforming done right. Wayfoward have perfected the tight controls and have continued to use it. The Soundtrack is epic, Jake Kaufman is on point!Now then for my complaints:1) I wish Shantae would have kept her GBC dance mechanic with the different pose animations. It was very Zelda OOT ish would have been great to just press the 2-4 key commands correctly to activate your desired trasformation.2) Fighting moves! Also wish it stayed in!3) The Real ""Harpy Talon"" I miss one shotting monsters ingame !4)Squid Smith - For obvious reasons <3Overall this game to me is a 9/10, it could have used more content on release! But seing as 800k couldn't get us the full voice acting and the anime cut scenes i can't give i that perfect 11/10 it deserves. Maybe it can be added after all the sales for DLC? Hehe GG WayfowardPS. Still waiting for my Shantae merchandize! I'm looking at my wall and it could use more squid baron!"
76561198027929801,Recommended,253840,28561191,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chainsaw114,"Half Genie WaifuThe best waifu.But seriously though this is a great game. A charming artstyle with beautiful and bright HD graphics, fun level design, and tight platforming controls make this a must-buy for any fan of the 2D platforming genre. The mechanics of your genie powers, the great music, and Shantae's cheery personality itself makes this an amazing game in my opinion. If you like the idea of playing a head-strong, spunky girl who transforms into animals as she saves the day, then this is the game for you.This is more of a Megaman style of platforming than a Metroidvania, this means the levels are going to feel alot more linear at first. The real exploration comes from after you get your animal abilities, where the extra means of movement allow you to explore the untouched nooks and crannies  of the levels you previously cleared.The cons I can think of are:backtracking to find every item in every stage may get repetitive. However this is entirely optional unless you either want to do the little bit of extra work to get the good ending or just 100% complete the game.This game is also probably the easiest game in the Shantae series. Shop items might as well be given to you with how cheap they are, barely any real threats in terms of enemies, and thinking creatively will sometimes let you use your animal transformations to completely bypass entire sections of the game.Edit:The new introduction of hardcore ups the difficulty on a grand scale. More enemies, different enemy placement, more damage, and new boss attacks make for a much more exhilerating experience.However.Even with its faults, I stil llove the game. It is an excellent edition to the series and a pretty good step forward.Personally I loved the story, but heads up, its episodic like a Saturday morning cartoon. *SPOILERS* There is no Big Evil threatening to destroy the entire planet that requires an epic adventure. Instead Shantae has to deal with a bunch of smaller threats and go on smaller adventures one at a time. It's less of ""This is one of the most important days in this character's life"" and more of a ""This the stuff this young lady has to deal with sometimes.""Using internet guides at the late part of the game, I was able to 100% the main default story within a total of about 7 hours. Its a short game, but it was fun enough that I'm going to be revisiting this story plenty more times.I also need to mention that there is going to be alot of DLC coming out in the future of writing this review. Costume swaps for Shantae, and extra story modes where you play as some of the side characters are all underway. As a fan of the series, I am very excited to see some of the other characters get some time in the spotlight."
,Recommended,253840,31327099,Posted: 23 April,all,Lodum,"The latest, and second-best, entry into the Shantae series. A competent platformer full of fun characters, humor, and music along with an absolutely adorable art style, I can definitely recommend Half-Genie Hero, along with the rest of the series... especially Pirate's Curse.The gameplay is a level-based platformer with some seemingly token Metroidvania aspects, but continues the Shantae series's trend of moving away from a ""true"" Metroidvania style. Instead of complex levels as seen in previous titles, levels are now standard left-to-right platforming stages where you move through 2-3 areas and end with a boss. Metroidvania aspects come in when you have to repeat levels with new lock-and-key transformations (and unlockable powers for them) to find 'hidden' areas to collect collectibles for various NPCs or new abilities. This leads to the gameplay ""loop"" of doing a few new levels, getting to a plot roadblock, and backtracking to solve it.The world of Shantae does, however, make up its merely good-but-not-great gameplay. It's hard to not have fun in the colorful world filled with its genuinely likeable characters, humor, and music. As a entry-point into the series, you meet most, if not all, of the series's cast of characters and the humor isn't too reliant on referential in-jokes.Perhaps the most disappointing thing I can say about the game was the fact it was a Kickstarter game with more ideas than they hit stretch goals for, and it shows. Some characters are introduced and summarily dealt with in an incredibly unsatisfying manner, especially with a late-game *lack* of boss battle that can only be truly described as a ""blue ballsing most foul"" when it's presented and solved in the span of one cutscene.In the end, I can still recommend Half-Genie Hero and would recommend you try Pirate's Curse if you enjoy the world, which is the best part of every game in the series."
,Recommended,253840,31527337,Posted: 3 May,all,cyborg mermaid,"Flip, this game is adorable."
76561198040444895,Recommended,253840,31520488,Posted: 3 May,all,Cesar Cavatelli,"Great game, improves on a lot of aspects of the Shantae series, and doesn't overstay it's welcome. Unfortunately the amount of backtracking is just a bit too much, especially when it is tied to VERY specific transformations that are largely useless in other scenarios. It isn't perfect, but it is a wonderfully fun game to just turn on and play.pros-Great art, music, and interactions-Good, simple, pick up and play gameplay-Mostly fun level design tied to the game being rather easy/forgiving, but still fun to explore-Not to long, easy to fit into a busy schedulecons-Some transformations were largely useless variants of similar others-A bit too much backtracking tied to the overabundace of powers, too many puzzles only utilize one power when thegame could have similar length and greater depth by combining usage of multiple powers in puzzles and removingthe more useless powers-The sliding segments aren't especially fun and follow the annoying old game design of having to do the wholeslide perfectly or start it completely over. These segments strip away the core mechanics of the game for alackluster spectacle segment-The bonus mode awarded for completion is pretty lameSorry if my review sounds critical, I just really want these games to get better so they can go from GREAT to PHENOMENAL! If they can focus on that pick-up and play fun and do away with the little annoyances come next entry in the series, they'd make something truly spectacular."
,Recommended,253840,32354615,Posted: 11 June,all,SillySixPin,"I just beat the first mode of the game, and it's a little short but has a lot to with fun platforming. The levels are challenging and rarely difficult but very often straight forward. This game is awesome! Beautiful and pleasant sprites and art style, Zero political agenda, challengingly fun levels, and interesting power ups and transformations that unlock new secrets on past levels.The only bad part is that only the kickstarter backers will get certain cosmetic items while others will become DLC, but without the backers there this game wouldn't exist. Wayforward is a good developer which is saying something in today's ominous forecast of terrible developers, they deserve it as much as their game deserves to be enjoyed."
76561198045901526,Recommended,253840,33727406,Posted: 22 July,all,konkon0322,"Come for the mermaid queen,get much more than I need,10/10 would fap"
76561198041933273,Recommended,253840,33747802,Posted: 23 July,all,Nick,"I already played and beat this game on a console, but I just had to pick it up on my PC as well because its that good. The music is the best in the series. The graphics look better than they ever have, and it still has that silly Shantae sense of humor. The only drawback about this game its a little more linear than previous games, thus feels a little shorter.But other than that, buy and play this game. You will not be disappointed. :)"
76561198002942681,Recommended,253840,33796055,Posted: 25 July,all,EXIA,i realy like the idea where you have to use the many transformations that shantae have to get through her world with.+great soundtrack :)
,Not Recommended,253840,30486088,Posted: 12 March,all,Gnome Child,"When this game came out, I gave it a good review. But in retrospective, I can't. This game is not good.Being a kind of fanboy of the series, I was SO excited for this game, which might be the reason why I hate it, but I willtry to explain why, and give context compared to the previous games in the series. I'm probably gonna be really harsh here, but these are my honest feelings, K?(I AM ONLY REVIEWING THE BASE GAME, NO DLC)Story:The story in this game, is BLOODY ATROCIOUS. It mostly consists of random chores Shantae has to do, fighting some evilwhile at it. There is no more character development, and in fact it throws the charming character development of the main villain, Risky Boots, out of the bloody window. In fact, this game has so little refferences to the previous games, that it is pretty much a reboot of the series. Each area that Shantae goes to has pretty much NOTHING to do with the overarching story, and is pretty much pointless padding. So the story sucks, but what about the gameplay?Gameplay: Its average... The fighting and spells are pretty cool, and the dancing works, but I do prefer the dancing from the GBC original. Instead of the world being linked, it goes for the Pirates Curse style of having a hubworld and some form of transportation to get from level to level (A feature which I was iffy about in TPC). Unlike the cool Zelda-type dungeons from the first 3 games, this game THROWS that out the window, and we just have.. A level.. A level with a boss at the end. Pretty much not even a Metroidvania anymore. Also the game relies on insta-death spikes more than ever, So that sucks.Graphics: They are great! It's the best part of the game. The has the whole hand drawn on 3d environments look, and it is really charming and adorable. The character portraits are adorable, and the reward pictures are my favourite in the series.Music: Its good. There are about 4 or 5 really catchy songs IMO, and the rest is ok music and like, Item get or level complete jingles, ect. My favourites are:Counterfeit MermaidsDance through the Danger.Other notes:From what I have said, this game might not seem so bad, and yeah, if your new to this series, give it a try, I guess. But its nowhere near the REALLY GOOD Pirates Curse, or even the GBC original. Despite me waiting for this game for about a year, and being really hyped for it, it took me like a week to complete it, as this game feels like SUCH a drain sometimes, it just could not, hold my attention for more than like, an hour. Thinking about replaying this again actually makes me sick, despite replaying The Pirates Curse, like, four times. I reccomend getting the Pirates curse. I hope the DLC can salvage this dissapointing mess..also please don't kill me. Thanks."
76561198146322996,Recommended,253840,34095048,Posted: 7 August,all,Sol,"The game is nice. Story's easy to follow if you played the last games, gameplay is smooth, music is tight as hell, and every character is just a joy to listen to and watch."
,Recommended,253840,34071359,Posted: 6 August,all,Red,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a fun and beautiful game, yet when compared to the series' previous titles it falls immensely short.The levels are very short and the game would be a good 4 hours long if it wasn't for the sheer amount of backtracking that pads the game out for the most part. The gameplay is simple yet enjoyable, and the amount of collectibles to find will make any Banjo-Kazooie fan squeal in delight. Unfortunately, previous Shantae games do what Half-Genie does only better in almost every aspect.I will RECOMMEND this game, but ONLY TO DIEHARD FANS of the series."
76561198032895903,Recommended,253840,34084116,Posted: 7 August,all,nildex.jp,"Innovative platform gameplay, colourful and charming art, great music, get a controller and re-live the pinnacle of action platforming."
76561198056643983,Recommended,253840,29174117,Posted: 10 January,all,embrr,"After getting all the acheivements (which is fairly easy) I felt a review was needed.Having not played any platformers for a while I found the shantae series on steam and 1st bought Pirate's Curse since it was on sale to see if I liked the series which was a quick yes. I then proceeded to buy this one and had an amazing time playing it. The art is fantastic, the characters are memorable, and gameplay is smooth making combat flow really well. Some of the things you can get are op and eventually you figure out you can bypass some levels with certain dances. There are not a whole lot of levels and they are pretty linear and require some backtracking, doesn't bother me but to some this may be the reason not to buy the game.The only downside really is how short it is.Here are some times I got with playing:1st playthrough (100% eventually): A little more than 6 hours100% Speedrun: 3 hours 34 minutesSpeedrun (74% and hero mode): 2 hours 5 minutesThe good news is they plan on making dlc so I'll just be waiting for that.Overall a very solid game 9/10Depending on how good the dlc is this may go up"
76561198073154646,Recommended,253840,34045504,Posted: 5 August,all,Lord Tridax the Blood dragon,"Shantae Half Genie HeroI must say I remember seeing the other games in the past but never bought into the series then this pops up on steam and I must say it hooked me from the trailer so I bought it and truly it is a marvel the graphics is pristine and polished, the gameplays fun and entertaining, the characters are well made, and the enemies are hilarious. I am fairly good at platfomer games and this one was indeed a challenge and I would recommend this game to anyone who loves those types of games it truly is a masterpiece.I hope to see more on steam in the future I would gladly buy them if they would be this good I have no doubt that they would and wish the company way forward a prosperous future."
,Recommended,253840,34014262,Posted: 4 August,all,ExileNZ,"After playing Risky's Revenge and Pirate's Curse, I had to pick up Half-Genie Hero and this is possibly my favourite in the series. The controls are simple but refined, the visuals are gorgeous, the music is catchy as all hell and the game knows what it's aiming for - pure, unadulterated fun!The overall look is vibrant and crisp, the aesthetics are fantastic as always and the character design manage to be fun and sexy without crossing the line into sexualised. Shantae herself of course mostly wears her genie's outfit (a.k.a a bunch of ribbons with delusions of grandeur) and the mermaid's wear little more than seashells, but you're not going to find any panty shots or gratuitous boob close-ups here.RR and PC were a little more open-worldy, even metroidvania-esque at times, but while HH has a simpler level structure you're unlikely to ever get lost, with a couple of artifacts available from the get-go that let you duck in an out of levels as needed. The dancing transformations make a return and while they'll never be a seamless as the Pirate's Curse controls they're very well streamlined, especially the dancing.Story-wise it's an odd mix, being something of a soft reboot. Basically they've kept all the stuff that's useful (Shantae good, Risky bad, Rotty misunderstood and her brothers aren't trying to kill you)  but there's sadly no trace of the surprising depth given to Risky or her relationship with Shantae in Pirate's Curse. Maybe these things will be re-explored in a sequel but for now it's a little more black-and-white.In any case, great fun, highly recommended and bonus points for bringing in Christina Vee on the vocals."
76561198353120584,Recommended,253840,34159746,Posted: 10 August,all,ttax540,"HOLY HELL,this game is amazing. The main game's story is lacking then the other three past game...BUT,since its an episodic story (which I dig) its ok. The gameplay still is the same but faster with some upgrades atached to her. I love that IF you have strong thumes like me you can spame the HELL of the attack key/A or X you are a devine being.I wished the other DLC will be released. Now on 8/10/17 the Risky DLC has bien activated but not buy able.I can't wait till the other characters are released. Anyway,this game is recomended from me a vetrinarian of the Shantea franchies. So buy this game,it has ton of replay content and its amazing.P.S.-Shantea is 16 years old................SHE'S MY WIFU,DONT BOTHER STEALING HER."
,Recommended,253840,34219691,Posted: 13 August,all,WaryDemon i guess,"best game 10/10babes, other babe is playable, and ♥♥♥♥ing HD"
,Recommended,253840,34225629,Posted: 13 August,all,letfireraindown,Great game!  I loved playing it!  I bought it when i saw the Recording for the Speed Run from SGDQ 2017.
,Recommended,253840,34223015,Posted: 13 August,all,Zetrois,"Good game, good stuff, I wanna party with Bolo."
,Recommended,253840,34200932,Posted: 12 August,all,TheAngelOfRoses,"WARNING! BEFORE YOU BUY MAKE SURE YOU HEED THE FOLLOWING!Due to the immense quanitity of God Tier Waifus in this game: Make sure you have at least 69 GB extra on your hard drive for when you inevitably download every peice of good fanart you can find on the internet. Then bring 60 boxes of tissues for when you eventually break down at 3 in the morning and start adding ""Rule 34"" to those image serches and realize you're all alone in your parents basement hugging your custom made Tuki body pillow sobbing to the eargasmic soundtrack that is the work of Jake Kaufman.You'll thank me later if you heed these words...."
,Recommended,253840,34483358,Posted: 25 August,all,[TT] Daikaiju,The penultimate culmination of the franchise! Here Wayforward's vision reaches full form and we're all enjoying the fruits of that labor. A fun and funny Metroidvania with lots to see and do
,Recommended,253840,34520211,Posted: 26 August,all,XenoGenic,"Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a Realitively short game and 100% a run isn't too difficult either.While the stages may feel short, the game has had a massive Graphical and Sound upgrade to it's previous sequels.The songs in the game are quite rememberable and so are the characters.The boss stages in 1/2 Hero are that they really aren't like the previous Sequels, there's no thinking of how to get the opportunity, no use for the Transformations to take it down, it pretty much doesn't let you take on what you've been using to get through the stage, and use it against a Boss fight, It's more of a ""Bash em till they are done"" stratergy.The voice acting and overall quality of the game is outstanding, the Sound is crisp, the Music is amazing and the little bit of detail in characters are honestly amazing. This is one thing which alot of games fail to do and is have a sort of Mood scene music, which 1/2 hero does extremely well.+Excellent Music which is rememberable+Upgrades from the sequels are Impressive-Stages fall a bit too short-Bosses aren't very well thought"
76561197993583269,Recommended,253840,34632789,Posted: 31 August,all,Traxton3000,Great action platformer game. it have good humor and the story is simple to follow. the difficulty have a good pace after how good you become of the game. if you miss a good 2D platformer then i sure will recoment this one.
,Recommended,253840,34660107,Posted: 1 September,all,ArtificialRaven,"Excellent game if you like classic 2d platformers. Plenty of secrets to find and there's a couple different difficulty modes that  add replay value. Smooth art & animation with limited but perfect voice acting. Bouncy music that'll keep you amped throughout the game. The Pirate's Queen Quest DLC was pretty fantastic too although I would say $10 is asking a bit much for a DLC I beat in 3 hours.I can find nothing negative about this game except maybe....it's not a metroidvania like the previous Shantae games, this one is trying to be different. But since this game is so well done I wouldn't necessarily say that's a bad thing in context of the game."
76561198033476856,Recommended,253840,28505224,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jay,"I feel so glad i finally had a chance to play this. I can definitely recommend it.For those that ask, is it like Pirates Curse? Yes and no.While 1/2 Genie Hero keeps the goofy Characters (friends and foes alike).- I think the major difference to the prequels is:No more ""Zelda like"" Dungeons where you have to go back and forth collecting keys to unlock doors.Instead each world has stories when you visit them. The developers made it a nice touch that almost every world is a bit different when you visit them a second time and the mainstory bypassed them.- The Graphic is a pure collection of ART XD- The Music is good too- The Gameplay is good. Controlls are easy, but in my opionion the game should also have had a hard mode. Its way easier to beat than the former games.Ironically the game seems harder to me in the beginning when you only start with 2 heart containers... later you easily upgrade to half demage and collect like 10 more Heartcountainers. Only in Bossfights you can run into trouble of losing all energy then.- That aside there are lots of items to search for. Stying true to a metroidvania like game you can only reach certain upgrades and items after you got something else at other places.The Main story (including collecting all sidequests items) can be done in around 6 hours of a first playthrough."
76561198032515216,Recommended,253840,34617645,Posted: 30 August,all,Thunderbird,I really like it Shantae half genie hero is one of the best platform game i think :D
,Recommended,253840,34591826,Posted: 29 August,all,★Ztar Lux★,"Although not as enjoyable as ""The Pirate's Curse"", still an enjoyable metroidvania that I recommend to any platformer fans.~What I liked about the game~The new art-styleSome of the BossesThe Humor (Don't call it Poop Toot.)The characters as alwaysSome of the buyable magic are fun to mess around withThe MusicSome of the transformations can make for good puzzles~What I disliked about the game~The final boss extremely confused me in the first playthroughTransformations slow down the gameplayWhile the Magic is fun, it felt gimmick-yA bit too easy (but hardcore fixes this issue)The invinciblility bubble is way too Overpowered~Conclusion~Dispite the issues, this is a fun game to go through with good humor, a nice artstyle, awonderfulsoundtrack, and cute characters I want to hug and be friends with.Rating:7.7"
,Recommended,253840,34569863,Posted: 28 August,all,Merondesu,Very nice I enjoyed playing this beautiful♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198343565994,Recommended,253840,35013196,Posted: 16 September,all,ralleyne16,"The game is very fun overall and the puzzles are challenging. I did find that the game would freeze many time on my laptop, however."
,Recommended,253840,35032683,Posted: 17 September,all,ObsidionSkies,"I wouldn't put 30+ hours into a game that was poorly made. Metroidvania style gameplay, music by Jake Kaufman, a lot of returning mechincs, like transformation dances (main game) and Pirate's Curse gameplay (DLC), with some new addtitions, tons of easter eggs for fans of the Shantae series, and good humor and characters. Outside of Hard Core Mode, the game isn't espescially hard but you'll have fun while you're playing it. If you've not played any of these games yet, this is a good starting point."
76561198049502568,Recommended,253840,34940838,Posted: 13 September,all,Zero [ Aux ],"Rating: 9/10Easily the best graphics I have ever seen in a platformer. Fun and simple. The $20 valuation is too high, but I strongly recommend this if it's on sale."
76561198282685406,Recommended,253840,35174965,Posted: 24 September,all,吃饱等着饿,"We Need Chinese! 我们需要中文！NPC's tips are very important when you don't know what to do in this game.If you want to complete the task, you must talk to NPCs!So,I finished all the collection in this game by Chinese Pirated version!!!However,if all is translated into Chinese, I'll buy the DLC.(Above content translated by BAIDU)"
76561198052573268,Recommended,253840,35430756,Posted: 2 October,all,Owlucard,"Genie's in a half shirt, Genie Power!"
,Recommended,253840,35193232,Posted: 24 September,all,AntiGravityMaster,why do I have to actually type out a review can't I just give it a thumbs up and say I like it
76561198051264306,Recommended,253840,35503406,Posted: 5 October,all,TheHamBro,"Another great entry for the Shantae series, and just like the previous entries before it, it changes things up a bit from game to game.  The formula is different this time around, but the same Shantae feel is there more than ever.The Good:As always, the music is fantastic.  In fact, I would go as far to say that this is the best soundtrack in the series.  Absolutely phenomenal.  And of course, it wouldn't be Shantae without the humor as I've found myself laughing at it's silliness.  Although I'm a sucker for pixel graphics, the change to a semi 3D/2D cel shaded graphic art style was very pleasing to the eye.  Its colorful, and alot of detail was put into character, level design, and animation.  Everything felt smooth.This is where WayForward changes things up a bit with the formula, Half-Genie Hero insteads goes the route of something akin to Mega Man, where this time you play through a level and less of the Metroidvania layout.  Now, I will always prefer the Metroidvania approach for this series, however despite the change to it's structure, it's still very much a solid platformer and I did not mind the change at all.One gripe I've always had with the Shantae series was it's difficulty, in that every game was on the Easy side.  The initial reviews for this game all seem to point towards the same issue at release.  I firmly believe the best way to play this game is on Hard mode.  Yes, it was frustrating at first, and yes I died a lot.  But it was incredibly challenging when it came to platforming and bosses.  Magic and the animal transformations where crucial for me to survive.   However, the more upgrades you get/find, it does mitigate the difficulty later on so Hard mode doesn't stay frustrating for long.The Not So Good:The manner you acquired new dances felt rushed.  Whereas the other games you happened on some fountain/genie/whatever that teaches you a dance, it was absent here.  Is it minor?  Yeah, probably, but I very much missed stumbling on some set piece to get a new dance.You will revisit the same areas again and again to progress the storyline.  For me, this wasn't a huge deal, as I loved going back to listen to the music and appreciate level design.  But for others, I can see this as getting tedious.  There where a couple of quests where I had to farm an item from a certain enemy, and again to me, felt rushed and unimaginative.There are no dungeons/labrynths in this one,  and I very much wished they included them.  Yeah, each level is great and well done, but it doesn't beat stumbling on a labyrnth in the open world.Hard mode, although great, sometimes felt cheap.  Very early on in the game, enemies will one shot you and the enemy placement can be incredibly aggravating.  Sometimes, in order for me to survive through a level, I had to farm for items/hearts/magic jars.  Again, to me, not a big deal but a deal breaker for others.Overall:What a fantastic game, truly a great platformer.  Despite it's flaws, I was willing to overlook them because of the carefully crafted game WayForward put together.  If you are a fan of  sidescroller/platformer/Metroidvania/whatever genre, pick this one up.  I think you'll enjoy it.After playing all of Shantae games, this is how I would rate each series:1) The Pirate's Curse2) Shantae (GBC)3) Half-Genie Hero4) Risky's Revenge"
