user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,254200,23730877,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Gangnam Style,"I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYMORE.This game used to be fun.  Key is USED TO.  If you played in earlier versions you will understand.  Every new patch he changes things to force players to do things his way.  Things that are(were) fun are being nerfed all in the name of because you are not playing the game in his vision.He has removed the ability to craft things manually and now force you to make these one-off machines because these are 'new machines'.  So now players need to make a production chain just to make some of these infrequently used intermediate items instead of allow players to craft by hand which many of has only a single purpose.Not even considering previous nerfs, the current nerfs already announced include the inability(or limited) use of the grapple so they will not work in certain areas as well as the inability to smelt anywhere but on the surface.  AND NO... CC Furnaces does not count as that requires a separate PAID subscription to patreon to access currently.  And the newest nerf announcement of limiting the amount of ores you're allowed to carry so you have to play the game as he sees fit.The nerfs aren't even the largest issue.  The attitude of the developer is just bad.  Many of his replies on this very forum are just condescending replies.  So instead of discussion he would routinely just reply ""You do know there's a machine for that, right?"" or the ever helpful ""You have read the help files, right?""Fundamental changes should have been done from the beginning.  The game has been in Steam's Early Access since 2013, but waits til NOW to make some of these changes.  Which brings up the final point.  All these changes are always justified because of 'serious discussions with other players and we feel it's for the better...' type posts.  These are usually the hardcore players who sit on his daily stream and chats.  These evangelical players are not always the best gauge for tuning and balancing and you will see them defending the developer tooth and nail for these changes on these same forums.I fully expect many of them to vote down once he tells his stream viewers but many things needed to be said.  IMO if you are interested in logistics and think this is factorio in 3D, you would be sad.  If you wanted a sandbox game, this is not it.  If you enjoy survival, there is only one single aggressive mob in the entire game.  And he's stationary.  99% of your deaths will be because you fell or you stood in fire too long.... or you stood in cold too long.So if you're wondering about the great number of hours put in, I've played this since v1.  And reading this last round of nerf announcements has finally made me take a step back and reevaluate the game as a whole.  It is no longer fun and for the past several patches this is the direction it's headed with no signs of changing.  And so unfortunately I can no longer recommend the game anymore.I'll re-evaluate the game in some more patches down the line and see if it feels like it's getting better or worse."
,Recommended,254200,18122294,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Devlah,"Greetings dear reader, and thanks for taking the time to read my input.  Before I proceed, I have a suggestion; Do the following:Step 1.)On the Store page for this game, where it tells you whether the reviews are Positive, Mixed, or Negative, click on that (It says mixed for me right now, but there's no telling what it says for you).Step 2.)You should see a Heading that says ""Helpful customer reviews"".  Observe the filter.  I suggest you click on ""Negative"".Step 3.)Read a few of the negative reviews.  I read about 6 of them and noticed a trend.  See if you notice something as well.Step 4.)Now, keeping everything you've read in mind, go back to the main store page and scroll down until you find the link on the right that says ""View Update History"".  Compare the content of all those negative comments with what you see now on the update history.Now we may proceed.Did you notice a pattern?  A trend?  My observation was that it appears that the bulk of the negative comments on this game consist of individuals who do not comprehend the meaning of ""Early Access"".  I say this because, before writing this, I did those above steps.  I read what they had to say, and compared it to what the game is now, as of this writing.I found all of their arguments invalid, because they failed to understand that what they were playing was a work in progress.  Their complaints are/were all worded in such a way as if they were reviewing a finished product.All too often, we see detractors whine and complain saying that ""Early Access"" is an ""excuse"" for their poor quality.  I suggest that people who make this argument are either trolling, or lack the intelligence to comprehend what it is they are saying.The entire purpose of Early Access is to allow the community to support and be involved in the direction and development of the game.  If you expect a game to simply spring forth, fully developed with all features intact and no bugs to speak of, then you aren't looking for an early access game at all, but an ordinary full release product like any other of an endless list of games elsewhere.  You cannot influence a game that is already finished.This game was very rudimentry when it was first made available to the public.  Some basic block placement and a creative mode.  That was IT.  Early reviews claimed it was a ""Minecraft Knock-off"" and ""Boring"".  This is why I asked you to read through all the negative reviews.  Because if those people were to say those things about the game now,  any reasonable person would wonder if those people were even playing the same game.  Remember this when someone says that saying ""Early Access is a cheap excuse"".  Because those people obviously lack the reasoning to understand how this system works.There are few games on Steam that I have seen with the level of developer interaction and update frequency observed on this game.  Look at the discussion threads.  You will find that the developers actually engage in conversation with, and consider the input of the players.   That interaction is the POINT of early access.  We as players get to influence how the end-product turns out.  You can't do that with a finished game (barring MODs of course).I have no way of knowing what your experience with survival sandbox games consist of, but if you're reading this review, there's a strong chance that you are not new to it.  If you are new to it, then you are fortunate to arrive on the scene when you have.  The genre has evolved quickly, and it is continuing to do so.This game is still early access as I write this, and that's why I wanted you to follow the steps above before reading what I have to say.  I hope that ultimately, if you do decide to purchase this game regardless of it's state of development, that you will be pleased with the outcome.I myself enjoy this game.  I have watched as new features are added, changed and removed, tweaked, or radically altered.  Ultimately, only you can decide if you like it or not.  But I hope that you'll be able to make a more informed decision whether you want to invest in it's development.  Or if it's done by the time you've read this, only you can decideif it's worth your money.My humble opinion is that it is/will be.Here's why (took me long enough didn't it?) :FortressCraft Evolved takes the basic block-based voxel genre and adds automation, tech trees to research, and ever increasing risks and rewards for exploration.  Furthermore (depending on the difficulty setting) you'll find complacency to be ill advised.  There are threats looming on the horizon and youcanlose.Some of the more rewarding technologies require exloration into hard to reach areas, requiring you to upgrade your survival suit in order to acquire them.  Some of these areas require an investment in infrastructure and defenses.  Whether you are playing single or multiplayer, you'll find the whole thing challenging and rewarding.Again, this is just my experience having played the game from very early development until Early Access 1.20.I have no regrets."
76561198028797999,Recommended,254200,20451998,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lord_SilverStone,"How best to describe this game.  Take the technic mod from Minecraft and make it 100 times better.This is one of those games that are pretty simple to figure out, but as you progress it gets a bit more complicated.  Mainly this game is all about logistics.  Getting resources transported from your mine to your base so you can smelt it and make new items and do research.  All while defending your base from aliens that attack you if your base threat gets over 100%.  If you like a game about logistics you will love this game.  At first it starts off very slow and you manually do everything, but as you progress you start to automate.  It is when you get to the point where you start automating everything where it can either be a whole ton of fun or a logistics nightmare.  You have to make sure you have enough ore coming in to feed your smelters.  So you are always looking for new veins of ore to tap and send up to your base to be smelted.  Plus having to figure out how to get power down to your mine and also keeping a nice design of your base.One thing to remember is you can just about move anything except for the CPH and the research station.  So don't be afraid if you build your base one way and want to change it later.  I have done so many redesigns to my bases because I didn't play far enough ahead and had to tear most of it down and rebuild it.I am not going to do a Pro's and Con's list.  Because it is still in early access and things change almost on a daily basis.  Also remember that this game is early access and things do change.Overall it is a very enjoyable game and I have put in tons of hours into it and I am looking forward to new things as they get added so I can implement them into my base design.I do recommend you run the Bleeding Edge beta if you are planning to play it because it has all the newest stuff in it.Also the Dev is really awesome and have talked with him several times and he loves input about the game.  I stream this game and he has watched my stream several times and has even helped me out a few times because I didn't have things setup properly and he walked me through it.  He talks with others in chat in the stream and answers questions people have.  This is the first time I have actually seen a dev actually watch a stream of their own game and ask for feed back from those watching and from the person streaming.My overall opinion of this game is grab it.  It is ton of fun and you can also play with friends (just gotta open up a port on your router).  One of the few games out there that is truely Co-op."
,Not Recommended,254200,32099071,Posted: 31 May,all,Saika55,"With every update I hope things will get better. And still, several months after playing, every update just makes me want to play this game less and less. And that bothers me, because I got several friends of mine to play this game and now none of us touch it anymore.I'm just going to list a few things this game introduced that just took away from the experience of playing it.-Okay I don't even think I need to explain the new landscape. I know it supposed to be an alien world, but the cold survival in the forest feeling was much nicer than the now framerate eating color splash it is now, especially when the colors don't mix on the ground correctly. Also you can still get tree trunks, despite there not being trees.-This was awhile ago but this game actually had music, good music! It was in the original fortresscraft and while it had bad syncing issues with the time of day, it was really good, it added atmosphere. Now we have ""ambience"", which was actually introduced as the new ""music"" and when I first heard it before reading the patch notes I genuinely thought it was a sound glitch. To anyone wanting to play this game, you can turn it off with CTRL+M. I recommend doing that.-The amount of instruction pop ups in this game now is absurd, completely and utterly absurd. within less than 60 seconds of beating the tutorial I am hammered with a step by step instruction guide that you can't turn off, that constantly plays a notification noise whenever you do anything. Remember when you could explore a survival environment at your own pace? Well the game now thinks you're going too slow and will continue to pester you until you do something.-Add on to the above. Arther, will, not, shut up. And he will sometimes say things that the instruction pops up are repeating to you as well, over and over, until you do it. There is apparently also now a noise for when ARTHER gives you some of his power, which is nice, if it didn't repeat every 3-4 seconds because you lost 1 power from being cold.-Using the scanner still sometimes results in the scanner echo noise taking much longer than it should to stop, meaning this, combined with the ""ambience"", creates an unpleasent ringing sound in your ear for several minutes.-There still isn't any notification if you take damage from something, such as your burning ship, or if you get shot by a slime thats too far away to make the noise. So you may just randomly die if you don't notice your health bar going down.-The game once again enforces very strongly on a two hopper, 1 smelter design despite the fact I have used, and proven the use of, a more efficient use with 1 hopper and a filter. This wasn't an issue until ARTHER had a notification pop up for when you have an add/remove storage hopper attached to a smelter. I am not sure if my method even still works however as I wasn't able to tolerate my most recent playthrough to the point where I could get a filter. I have brought this up in the forums in the past and was promptly disregarded.This game is just not player-friendly. I understand that new players will need help with some things, I do, but you need to understand that some people like to figure things out on their own, or play their own way. And this game no longer allows you to do that. You have to play it a specific way or the game will annoy you constantly until you do. The visual aspect of the game is now dead. The music is gone, and unless your preferred playstyle is exactly what the game wants, it punishes you for playing it.And I feel bad for posting this, since I know the developer puts a lot of work into the changes they do, and they are very active in the forums. When I first saw the dapper support DLC I was almost willing to buy it just because of how much I respected the developer. But I was hesitant to get the Frozen Factory DLC because of how I saw the game going (I never bought either), and now I'm regretting buying the base game. It just isn't fun anymore.This game has never been as fun and enjoyable as it was in Early-Access. Regardless of all the content they put in. And its reached the point of being unplayable for me."
76561197960814951,Recommended,254200,18979622,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kioku from Negotiations,"Find a copper vein. Mine it.Find a tin vein. Mine it.Start digging deeper.Find an iron vein. Mine it.Realize being a gopher is a foolish task. Set up conveyer belts.Realize you're still being a damn gopher. Set up laser energy transfers.Realize its about 3am, or whatever your equivilant of way-past-bedtime is. Continue digging deeper.Edit below:Notice these annoying bugs attacking your Power Hub. Shoot them.Realize that your pea-shooter sucks, and so does the spiderbots. Build Turrets.Why aren't these missiles shooting anything? Aren't those Heavies large enough targets?Build the Orbital Energy Transfer contraption. Gawk at its size and requirements.OH GOD THOSE THINGS ARE HUGE! Oh hey the missiles are shooting at it.Keep digging deeper."
,Recommended,254200,17469377,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The original slothy bastard,"Oh boy this game was a bit of a turd when i got my hands on it last week i believe. It was rough, a lot of things didn't function properly and I was confused as hell. Went to the forums and almost 1:1 the dev was posting back and talking, on all the forums I checked. Big ups for that.What about the game? Well its minecraft style construction and world building but that's where the comparison ends. You extract ores to creat ingots to create new machines to support your lazy butt because the name of this game is automation. There's been more than once where I just sat back and let my machines work to produce some ingots i needed or research modules. This game has some serious depth to it and with all my hours I have in the game, they're all in ONE SAVE. Last game I played that let me do that was Dark Souls. So Yeah this game deserves your attention. It doesn't look the best but the gameplay is fulfilling and there's tons to work towards. SOme crack head said one of the end game items was a 20 hour work, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 50 hours in and i ain't got it. I just finished the last of the tech tree so now I get to build the fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥i researched. So pick this up because its worth your money and if you're having issues ask the dev because i've had full conversations with the guy. He's really cool and helpful. He takes your complaints and suggestions into considerations.They fixed more bugs than i can count when I started this game. I love it."
76561198035968042,Recommended,254200,19001026,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,bearbarry,"Well after only 900 hours into this game I think its time to write a review. This game SUCKS my time. I can't stop playing it. Every time there is a couple of new updates (at least once a week) I start a new world to see the new stuff. I have yet to finish it. Something new will come along and some of the stuff on the old world just isn't as good, so start again. Every time I get a little bit faster and a little bit further along but I just like to try to build all the items and see how they work. I only wish that you could download all of the different versions to really see how far this game has come. The developers are on the forms constantly updating. The only problems I have ever had with the game is trying to run an old version after a major patch and then some items mess up. So what, start again and see all the new stuff. My favorite part is that I don't have to finish the game to play it. It's not linear. Do what you want. Have fun, mess up, start again."
,Not Recommended,254200,26360745,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Same Bacon,"(TLDR at bottom, if you don't want to read it all.)As far as I can tell, if you read the most helpful negative reviews, you'll find everything I would have said myself (lack of game presentation polish, business practices, rude developer and rude close followers of said developer). Even the ones that are a little aged at this point still ring true in a lot of ways.A lot of people compare this game to Factorio for its similar logistics puzzle/mining and refining automation premise, and to Minecraft because they both have a ""blocky"" world that you can dig around in, I guess. If you liked Factorio, then I feel that these are the main differences you should be aware of before you try Fortresscraft out:-While Factorio is much looser in how it handles player progression (It's there but you don't really have to follow it very closely), Fortresscraft has a far more linear progression path in general. Sure, you can expand your mines, or your filter systems, or anything else when you want to, but the developer has a very strong vision on what he expects you to be doing at X point in the game, and the game is made to remind you of what you should be doing at any given time. Constantly. You may like it, you may hate it. I grew to dislike it, and you can thankfully turn some of it off, but not all of it.-Unlike Factorio's two dimensional world, Fortresscraft incorporates a third dimension into gameplay. This is probably where the Minecraft comparison comes into play. You can build into the sky or dig into the ground for what looks like far longer than it would take to hit any sort of world border, but you should know that there's nothing in the sky (that I know of), and that after a certain depth, there isn't really a point in digging deeper (that I know of).-Fortressscraft is far more complex than Factorio. Sometimes this is interesting and adds some fun to the equation, but there are other times where it feels like needless padding of gametime being moved onto the player. There are a lot of machines that craft one item, and only one item. Some of these machines aren't very used either, just collecting dust until the off time you want it to craft whatever it crafts.While the differences between the two games are largely subjective tastes that you may love or hate, here are some cons that you'll see in many other reviews:-The UI, while often displaying a lot of information to the player, is often unintuitive in how it displays this information, and in my opinion can be quite ugly. It also often lacks basic convenience features found in many other games, such as the more common stack management keybinds. Be prepared to click and drag your items a lot.-Progression is slow for anyone new to the game, or anyone not interested in busywork. There are many systems in the game that function at a snail's pace until you sink in the time and effort to expand your mining or logistics systems considerably, and it often feels like an artificial means of padding the game's gameplay hours for marketing purposes. While some of the information is there, a new player is probably going to have a rough time learning the game's complicated and often nuanced systems. The in-game documentation can help, but seems to often be written from the perspective of someone who already knows the nuances and doesn't really see why they need to be explained, in my opinion. This attitude shows in bright colors if you try to ask for help on the forums, and that's not really just in my opinion. More on that below.-While there are some very nice and helpful people in the general community, you're going to get very familiar with the same gaggle of people who seem so passionate about the game that they come off as passive aggressive, snarky or downright rude. A quick browse of the comments in the review section will show you about a dozen of them. Unfortunately, this attitude is often demonstrated by the developer himself. If you're coming in expecting baseline respect and consideration for you as a community member, or even as a paying customer, you should prepare to be confused and disappointed, especially if you have any questions or constructive criticism of the game. Replies include ""Maybe you just don't have the IQ for this game :)"" and ""Well, it was obvious to me, so I don't see a problem with how it's presented"". There's a small book that could be written on this point, but I won't get that deep into it.TLDR: I don't really want to rant any longer, so I think I have a nice summary of my feelings about this game. In a word, I feel it's all about patience. The game was fun to me after, and only after I was patient with the game's unpolished presentation, the unituitive in-game help system, the pretty steep learning curve that's partially caused by the lacking tutorial/in-game help and the deplorable help often received on the forum, the clunky control scheme, numerous naggings to do exactly what the developer expected me to do in the game, the abysmal way I and others were treated as community members and customers by the developer and his followers, knowing little to none of the concerns or criticisms of the game would ever be taken seriously by anyone not paying into the developer's Patreon, and finally, the clear financial infleunce the developer's refusal to get a job to support the game has on the game itself. The game is still definitely in early access, and being ""released"" was to get more sales. It means absolutely nothing for the game's state. There's work done on the base game still, but the game's clearly going to be sold in DLC parts now. Frozen factory is a huge part of the game and it's looking like there's another DLC release coming soon. No game should be unfun until I'm patient with it and the aspects related to it for a number of hours.Finally, to the four followers and the developer who are undoubtedly going to thumb down and debate this review in the comments like children, I'm just going to tell you now that you shouldn't bother. I have the IQ for the game. I know how to play. I muscled through the crappy tutorial and the crappy UI and watched video after video teaching me what I should've been taught in game. I loved Factorio, so this ""genre"" is for me. I actually enjoy the idea of a more complicated, more content rich Factorio in three dimensions. What I don't enjoy is how this idea was implimented in Fortresscraft. There's too many valid criticisms that are just being ignored, and often openly ridiculed for being provided.Fortresscraft could've not only been as good as Factorio, but it could've easily been better. It feels like such a wasted effort to me, and the fact that Factorio has over 10 times as many concurrent players than FC is completely understandable, not to mention an all time peak that crushes FC's. That's not even mentioning that Factorio has a standalone client off of Steam and it's only been on Steam for a relatively short while, so it's even higher than that.But hey, I'll just take the wise advice I've seen given on these forums. ""Haha. That's great. Please by all means take your attitude elsewhere. We have no need of it here."""
76561198173106006,Not Recommended,254200,22927350,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,SAS.UK™,"I bought this game in early access because I thought it showed promise even though it was a clear Minecraft and Factorio clone and the developer has had very public arguments with the creators of Minecraft over the issue, I was wrong. Since then it has degenerated into the mess that it has become today, an unfinished hodgepodge of ideas found in other games with no clear direction, no character and no fun. The mob graphics are shoddy and the loot system is incredibly weak. Players consistantly complain that they find progression to be awkward and the game has no real aim or endgame amongst other flaws in basic game design which prevent them from working through the messy research system but the one-man-band developer refuses to accept their concerns, maintaining that his design is flawless, and original of course, so they walk away having wasted their hard earned cash on a bad clone. This game should never have left early access at it stands and shouldn't really even be on Steam.I asked one of the devs why there were no building blocks available in the survival part of the game and they told me... and I quote from Skype...  ""I can't be bothered to write the recipes""  I later find that they're selling the survival game blocks into the game one by one to Patreon supporters as though they're a commodity.  I've never heard of anything so stupid.  A voxel block game with no voxel blocks until Patreons 'buy' them for the playerbase?  What a joke.If you're considering purchasing this game you should know that even though the base game is unfinished, the developer is now concentrating on a paid expansion pack which he intends to sell for $8 (subject to Valve approval). If you buy this game now you will not be able to use the resources you see ingame unless you pay an extra 8 bucks for the expansion. No, he didn't tell the rest of us that either and while comparable indie games like Space Engineers and Factorio are a huge success with 1,700 players ingame consistantly without this kind of failed-game pay-to-play mentality, these guys are either too lazy, inept or don't have the brains to see past their own short-term pockets and even though this game has been on Steam for years, are attracting less than 500 concurrent players ingame and trying to make up for the shortfall in popularity/profit with useless paid DLC. I'm all for buying good DLC for a good game but the game has to be finished and popular first.  God knows how much I've paid for Payday DLC but those guys deliver content.I'll move on to content after the next round of developer downvotes.The biggest problem with this game is it's developer's attitude. A very rude guy who doesn't listen to players, is struggling to earn a living from the game because of that and is now begging for money in his stickies on the forum with threats that he will stop development and go & find a job if the game continues to fail.The developers were also begging players for positive reviews a few months ago because the game had a red 'mixed' review tag, now each time a negative review is made he sends over his 50 cent army to falsely manipulate the Steam rating system and argue with the reviewer, incredibly obvious because the same names appear in the comments section of each negative review and they are mostly using fake, private profile, Steam level zero accounts. The same fake steam accounts are also being used to pump up the positive reviews for the game. Steam really should do something about it because they are cheating customers. People from the publishing house with financial interests in the game no doubt and it certainly doesn't help that a steam moderator is involved with this game's development, also fairly despicable that the same Steam moderator is fully aware of and allows this kind of manipulation of the Steam review system, time for Steam to remove him I think.Now for those who don't know, the developer's previous job was working in a limited role on Borderlands 2 which obviously didn't include game design. Most if not all of the 50 cent army downvoting this and and all other negative reviews for the game have only Fortresscraft, Borderlands 2 and a couple of other free games in their limited Steam level 0-5 game list. What conclusions can you draw from this? The developer's friends from his previous job who've been gifted copies of Fortresscraft are defending him? Or the developers friends have been gifted both Fortresscraft and Borderlands 2? Either way it sounds like they're cheating Steam and their customers to me.  2K Games employees too, that should be interesting.While the game developers and other financially or emotionally interested parties keep sending the 50 cent army here to downvote my review, abusing the Steam rating system I'll remove their abusive remarks and downvotes by posting it again, they just keep reminding me of more flaws in the game to add to the review & that way it will stay on the recent review list forever until they learn to accept genuine reviews with genuine ratings from genuine customers and stop manipulating the Steam rating system and cheating Steam customers."
,Recommended,254200,17625871,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,peanutthegreat,"Don't be fooled by the current mixed reviews, with the latest update this game is finally actually playable with tons of finished features to keep you going. If you enjoy Minecraft with the buildcraft or industrialcraft mods you WILL enjoy this game."
,Recommended,254200,9977432,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Al Iguana,"review of 1.9 EAOK, it has blocks, crafting, and mining. That's where the similarities end really.My daughter plays Minecraft, she plays it for hours. However, whenever I sit down to have a go, I get bored after about 20 minutes. You dig. You build. You dig. zzzzFortressCraft is much more immediate than that. Your power is running out, you're going to freeze to death, so you need to organise. This forces you to think stategically, about power, about distance, about supply lines (and presumably, in the future, defending them from other players). It kind-of feels more like a RTS, but with blocks.If you're used to other Mine games, this one IS even more complicated. But part of that is due to a very alpha GUI, things aren't as obvious as they could or should be. This will be fixed!for example, bringing up your inventory, you have a bunch of blocks. What are they? no idea, a mouse-over tooltip would be nice :)Also, I'd rather you only had things in  your toolbar that you actually owned, it's too confusing with *every possible thing* being shown, yet you can't use 90% of it. Again, early access, these things are to be expected.One thing that is immediately ""wrong"" with the game - shelter. If you build a ""house"" over your base equipment, put a torchfire or two in there, surely it should be warm enough inside that you don't freeze? What's the point of building a ""Fortress"" if it doesn't have any benefits lol :)I absolutely recommend this, if you're a fan of Voxel miners or even RTS games. I see a bright future for this game, because unlike others, there is actually a game to be played, a point to it all. (you can, of course, go into creative mode and just build pretty stuff, but I kind-of don't see the point of that unless you can then turn the world into a survival one for you and your friends. No doubt that's coming too eventually).Buy it, try it. If you don't get on with it, try it again the next update. and the next. It's going to be a good one :)"
,Recommended,254200,24874251,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Compugasm,"I play every 4x/base building game that comes out. In almost every game, I find myself wishing that X would be automated in some way. Such as, hiring bots, employees, or machines to do marketing, sales, shipping... whatever the task happens to be in the context of the game, and I'm invariably let down every, single, time. No developer has ever gotten this workflow right. In fact, some even argue that too much automation takes away ""work"" from the game. I've hand delivered X item to X person 100 times now; Why do I have to keep doing this same damn mission over and over Elite Dangerous? I literally can't hire a space mailman to deliver packages? I gotta do it myself? Jesus.Thankfully, FortressCraft: Evolved has none of that grindy crap and they did automation properly. I spent a 1100hrs playing this game. I've been on Steam for 6 years and never bothered to write a review before. You need to buy this game.The entire purpose of this game is to automate production. You build a machine that poops out other machines, which poops out crafted items. Automate all the things!! In one sense, that does make it feel like Factorio, and it has blocks like Minecraft. But boiling this game down to simply those observations shows how little you actually understand. FortressCraft has snap-to production building like Big Pharma and tower defense like Clash of Clans. Unlike Minecraft, there actually is a goal to achieve in FortressCraft. Quite simply, this is the best game of 2016 and I doubt you've played anything like it before.If there were any downsides to this game, I'd say it will take longer to win than you think it will. You will lose a few times because you don't know how much power all the guns take. So, you try to half♥♥♥♥♥it and get power. But, then you find out you need 10x power you though was required, and your production chain is a mess. So, you have to rip things up and move them around. Some  people don't like ripping everything up and redoing their base design. But, that's part of the experimentation and learning process everyone goes through when they play this game.The ""winning condition"" is to power the orbital transmitter, and the expansion goal is building a machine that will drill down to planetary magma. Pro Tip, you can not power the damn thing with just 10 generators you started out using in the beginning of the game. Don't be ""that guy"" who complains the game is taking days to power the Orbital Transmitter because you are using coal you found in the beginning of the game.If you find yourself complaining FCE should build products like Factorio, then the problem is that you are not automating properly. See, as long as you have the technology in Factorio, you can build products without setting up the proper production chain, and that's cheating. In FCE, you need to place the wire maker down, and supply it with copper, or you will have no wire. No Factorio style cheating here. What I'm getting at is that the game isn't badly designed. You are simply being lazy and spolied. If you can't be bothered to place your own machines and conveyor belts, then you can just go play any LEGO game where you mindlessly click on some self assembling blocks and be done with it.Additionally, the limited graphic style of Factorio means it's all 2d. But in FCE, you build 3 dimensional. This creates interesting tasks to do for people that like to do things ""just so"" in a quest for perfection. The most inefficient automation is always better than manual effort, and multiple solutions will all work, so don't worry about perfection. The thing to remember is if the game feels ""tedious"" then you're not automating enough. Like if you find yourself shooting enemies with your pistol, that means you haven't built enough gun or missile defense. So, stop trying to gun down bosses with the god damn pistol. If all those guns you made drain your power, then guess what? Yeah, the next thing you need to do is build more power. In fact, it's the consumption of power that drives the game foward. More power creates more enemies, which require more guns, which creates more loot drops, used in machines which requires more power, etc.There is enough stuff to do that you shouldn't be sitting there watching machines tick away. That's means you're wasting time. Yes, that landscape clearing machine does work slowly. It's supposed to. You're not supposed to sit there and stare at it like a tea pot. Give it power, and go do something else for ten minutes. Mine more coal, research something, harvest some crystals, and by the time you get done with that the base will be clear. This is what makes you fell like real game progress is being made. You will literally be absorbed into 10 things going on at once before the sun comes up. If you're bored because ""things take to long"" then what you need to do is multitask.Unlike every other ""something-Craft"" game, there is no ""build order"" to follow by rote memorization, or a plan to spend your power efficiently. Such as; make 10 tin, then make exactly 2 hoppers, then make 2 lasers... No no no no. This isn't StarCraft. Consume all the power you can. When you run out, just build more generators. Build thousands of missiles, burn hundreds of coal a second. Consumption. This game is a consumption simulator. It doesn't matter that a quarry is less efficient than an excavator. Because the whole point of this game is to build all the machines, power them, and have them do stuff automatically! What I said will take the average player 100hrs before it finally clicks, ""Oh, build lots of everything. I get it now"".The developer made sure you can play the game ""to the end"" without needing the expansion. The thing is, much like a Star Wars movie, you've just watched Star Wars, and your NOT going to see Empire Strikes Back... are you crazy? You have to see Empire! So, in that sense, Frozen Factory is a ""must have""."
76561198181148186,Recommended,254200,32265231,Posted: 8 June,all,NoTruePunk,"Very involved game, not a light play. Great for creating networks of things, connecting things to other things, and just generally finding interesting ways to solve problems. Great if you've played factorio or modded minecraft. The scale of the world and your enemies is formidable, and the initial discovery feel as you acquaint yourself with the world is nice. Lots of things to scan, cute/weird/terrifying creatures to discover... Each step up in attacks are surprising and daunting, but the game is never (too) punnishing for failure. Defenses are a sort of sandbox tower defense minigame which integrates into your automation well. I highly recommend playing without spoilers.There's a SHORT manditory tutorial. Any handholding tells you what you SHOULD do, you don't actually have to listen to it. So it's not forced. /missions to disable if you do not need it.Updates sometimes involve balance changes. This is great as it adjusts progression to account for new features and mechanics, but may change how old bases work on new versions. Balance changes are intended to be used from start to finish, and when played as such you shouldn't ever notice. Aside from having to adjust old setups like this, older saves are forward compatible in my experience. There are technical workarounds which take around 10 minutes for using old balance with new features if you want to update, but don't like the balance changes.Most negative reviews are indev problems from people unwilling to use existing workarounds, as the game is still in development. If you don't like being involved in bug reporting or workarounds for technical/gameplay issues then wait it out, then come back and check it out when it's more polished. It's absolutely enjoyable and playable as-is."
76561197981330540,Recommended,254200,23362607,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jonathan,"EDITED - AFTER 500 HOURS OF PLAY TIMEThis is not an easy game to review.  And I am not a reviewer.Played a full game on Rapid/Plentifull settings.  Took about 350 hours.  Was awesome.  I'm mid-way in a coop game with a friend and I just started a new world, solo, with slightly less beginner-friendly settings.  Still love it.  Still discovering new strategy.This is the most addictive+long lasting NON-MMORPG game I've played.   Ever.   Over the course of the last 30 years... !First, I want to give my 2 cents about the comments from some reviews about ""the developper"".  It seems that some people have some problems with some aspect of the game, report it to the developper, who refuse to fix it... and then down-vote the game.4 things about this :1- This game is pretty ""elitist"".  It's slow paced, strategic, atmospheric... not easy and not for everyone.  It can be quite punishing at times, but also very rewarding.  Some aspect that do not suit some players are there on purpose because the developper (and the targeted players) love it this way.  It's not lazyness.  (Not the way I see it)  Exemple : there is no ladder to ease vertical movement.   You have to deal with failing hookshot.... or build/manage elevators... or, later on, teleporters are jetpacks.  A ladder would just make it all too easy !2- The developper (a single guy) actually reaches a new level of customer support/interraction, the way I see it.  Not only does he spends time on Steam forums and comment/answers on many posts, but he develops the game while streaming near-100% of it, while interacting LIVE with the payers.I actually posted some questions in the forums (for the general public ! I was not targeting the developper at all !) the DJ (the dev) actually answered 3 out of 4 of my questions himself ! Kinda awesome.3- Some people complain about ""core parts of the game are locked to supporters"".  That is not true.  Developper gives early access to the patches he is working on to the early supporters so they can TRY (and help debug) the UN-COMPLETE, ""IN PROGRESS"" patches.  But they get no bonus materials ""in game"". Except maybe a few more ""skins"".  Nothing ""un-fair"".So yeah, he may take decisions that you do not like.  But..... that's too bad !4- EXPENSION PACK (FROZEN FACTORY) : Some people complain about ""DLC"" and its price.  This is not a ""DLC"" as per now-days definition.  This is an EXPENSION PACK, like in old times.  The game alone will give you 100++++++ hours of game play.  When you're DONE with the base, you can optionally buy the expension pack to reach deeper layers of the game.  It's a full fledged expension pack bringing an additionnal 50+++ hours of gameplay !  And the expension pack content ""begins"" after the base game ""end-game""...  (and obviously it's not ""free"" since the developper needs to... you know... eat !)Now, the game.A cross-over between Minecraft and Factorio.  That's what it triies to be, and that's what itis.  With some features that differ from both games.  It has its own identity.Part 1 - Compared to Minecraft :The ""surface"" of the world is no fun to explore.  You space-ship-crashed on a desolated, icy planet.  The surface is very rough, with huge mountains and huge holes and caves.  But it's a single biome.The exploration is more vertical.3rd ore begins to spawn under -180-ish.4th around -300-ish.6th around -400-ish.... !(the max depth is like, -2^64 (or -10 quintillions.... or infinite, basically), but for now I think there's nothing new under -2000)And you will find HUUUUUUGGE caves to explore.The games allows some nice little twist to instantly build whole lines of block and such, which can allow you to build a 50x10 plateform in about 15 seconds.  This is nice.This game is NOT centered on building random, useless strucutres for no reasons.  Materials are ugly and the planet is somewhat dark.  Even during the day, you never get a beautifull sun that will make your structure shine.It's all about being functionnal and automated.  GEtting your ressources manually won't work.  You need to build machines to automate the ressource gathering and transformation.Which  brings us to :Part 2 - Compared to FactorioSimilar yet different.I LOVE Facotrio.Factorio is ""all about building your base"".  No exploration.  No digging.  Just gather ressources, and build.In 15 hours, in Factorio, you'll have a huge, top-tier base.Since Fortresscraft has a whole ""digging"" and ""exploroing"" part and you have to deal with the 3rd dimension, it'll be much slower.In 15 hours if played on ""casual"" settings(default), you'll barelly have time to automate the extraction and transformation of the 1st tier of materials... !Factorio is somewhat linear and never felt overwhelming (to me).  What you first build will be used to build the next tier, which will be used for the next, and so on.  Your first building are never rendered useless and you always grow from what has already been done.Fortresscraft allows more freedom on those aspect and can sometime feel overwhelming !  So many possibilities !  And news building CAN make older ones useles.  So spending a lot of ressources on early stuff CAN eventually feel useless...A bit more hardcore.... not a bad thing : I'm just saying.Edit - I triied the ""faster"" mode.  Extractors can hold more ores, power is abundant, receipies requirement are divided by 4... I did in 2 hours what took 20 hours in my other game.  This is good news for people who are in a rush.  The difference in pacing between the various game settings are huge.So yeah, I give it a huge thumb up.It's cheap : if you think it's your kind of game, please do try it."
,Recommended,254200,28732012,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mkmarq,"FortressCraft Evolved has the automation aspect I wished existed in other voxel-based survival games I've played.The dev is also committed to releasing regular significant updates as long as he can afford to, both as free updates for all players and paid DLC aimed at players spending 100s of hours in-game.If you like factorio, minecraft with automation mods, and/or infinifactory, then you will love FortressCraft Evolved!"
,Recommended,254200,26718575,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,form,"Well, since the single developer kicked me from the discord channel today and announced that he hates me and called me an antagonistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I figured this is a good time to write a review of the game.1. Game design seems like the dev did try to cover many bases and be thorough.  I left the game several months ago and came back a few days ago, and a lot of tech has changed dramatically and there are many more buildable structures.  It has become much more complicated in a matter of a few months.  I.E., you might have to relearn a lot of things if you leave and return later.  The overall concept of the game seems to be focused on automation, which is expensive short-term and time saving long-term, as in many automation games.1.25. As someone else has said recently, this game's progress is very linear compared to games in a similar genre.  They also said it better than me when they described the dev's forcing of a set pathway based on his vision of how the game should be played, and how relatively inflexible progress is in this game. Some changes/nerfs that have been implemented have forced that, for example making underground smelting extremely impractical or non-functional.  It forces everyone to do things one way: The dev’s way.  I have often thought that the dev doesn’t want anyone to do anything he didn’t originally plan on them doing in his game.1.5. Automation elements similar to factorio include building ingots from smelters, heavy use of conveyers, and eventual (much later than in factorio, except research-fueling parts) automation of building components to build higher tier products.  This game uses storage hoppers as the primary transfer device instead of inserters in factorio.1.75. There is a tech tree and research, probably continually getting updates along with the tech.  I've never had any major issues with it, but the components for research were very simple several months ago and are probably still the same.  It's the volume of resources needed and the power consumption of a research lab that limit research speeds.2. Music is not very good IMO, about on par with Empyrion for that.  It's adequate.3. Game seems generally stable, not many crashes.4. There are still some multiplayer glitches (such as doubling items) mostly related to delays, lag and bandwidth oddities that result in items not being picked up promptly, objects not loading visually correctly/delaying being shown, etc., plus IMO the game demands pretty high bandwidth from users when doing multiplayer servers with large bases.  Maybe he's corrected this, but I doubt it.5. The game has what I would consider a pretty rudimentary tower defense system.  There are flying enemies (insectoids) that surge at intervals and attack your central hub, originating from 4 directions at approximately 90-degree angles away from your hub where there are hives or overminds (or whatever he calls them).  There are no pathing considerations, excepting that I think they do not go through original/unaltered naturally-formed mountains.  Otherwise, they travel in a straight line from source to target (hub).  There is a spiderbot utility NPC which can be used to aid in tower defense and now has several upgrades to damage and power reserves, etc., and I believe your personal helperbot also has a basic gun upgrade.  You have several tiers of turrets and a range of consumable missiles to defend your hub with.  Defense of the hub involves destroying the enemies before they can inflict enough damage to bring your hub down to 0% life.  The enemies drop items, mostly inert items that can be recycled later in the game, and a few items that are useful (perhaps now even critical to building certain things) and drop rarely.  The dev long ago told me that he didn't believe in the philosophy of losing progress through enemies destroying your base/etc., so that philosophy affects how the tower defense is played.  Today, just before banning me, the dev told me that pathing calculations for a 3-dimensional game like this would result in unreasonable amounts of calculations, probably especially for an online multiplayer game, so that's why enemy pathing isn't implemented to go around your buildings/etc.  The enemy spawns increase in frequency, number and tier/HP based on something called ""threat,"" which I believe is affected by how much power you generate (and possibly other factors I don't recall).6. The game IS steam-compatible for public servers, but right now there is only one public server (and another one for patreons) and AFAIK it has stayed that way ever since public servers were made available.  The dev says at present there are about 140 private servers, but the central communication hub for the game (discord channel) doesn't have more than 1-3 of the servers' users/admins on it usually, and one of them is the public server owner.  Private servers and password-protected servers are not listed in the server list in-game, so it makes it feel very quiet.7.  Last time I made a large base capable of charging OET (several months ago), I had significant framerate drops in the above ground world running the game fullscreen on a 1080p display on my i7-4930k @4ghz, 16gb 1600mhz ram, GTX770 graphics card, Samsung EVO 840 ssd in Win7Pro, medium settings.8. The dev has a massive chip on his shoulder.  He is sarcastic, rude, and verbally abusive if given the chance.  He has the potential to be very helpful, but your words have to conform to a specific format for him to be receptive enough to give helpful information without also being extremely rude.  He and I do not get along, mostly because I have differing opinions and express them freely.  The dev does NOT like (and in my opinion doesn't comprehend) impulsive initial impressions of things, although his own highly reactive manner (like putting a 9-volt battery to your tongue) suggests that he bases his opinions of people and their statements on knee-jerk reflex responses, very much like most people with a persecution complex.  He would disagree that he is very intolerant of other opinions and feedback that differs from what he believes about his game, and he would disagree that he is unfair to many people, but in fact he is very clique-ish and only tolerates certain types of feedback, his methods, etc., from an established group of people.The easiest way to get on his bad side is to say ""this item/equipment/etc. isn't very useful,"" at which point he will almost always highlight how invalid and wrong you are, then sometimes demand to know why you feel that way so he can tell you that’s wrong too.  Today, he accused me of disagreeing with him about pathing being too computationally demanding for the enemies (which I did not disagree with, I only stated that there was no pathing and it results in a more simplified/limited tower defense system).  It didn’t matter that his accusation was provably false.  I asked him not to talk to me because all we do is argue, and he used it as an excuse to ban me from his discord. He stated that a number of people had blocked me in the communication, which while possibly true does not change the fact that he was the only person I “sparred with” in the entire time I was talking, and then only because he always reacted to everything I said because I have opinions that don’t often conform to general views and I defend my views as vehemently as he forces his.  It takes 20 minutes to prove yourself correct, but only 2 seconds to be wrong in his eyes.  You are guilty until proven innocent.If you are very fresh, he will tolerate you briefly.  However, if he doesn’t agree with you almost immediately, he absolutely wants to believe you are wrong and will push that personal agenda.He is, at once, the single most important aspect of this game and its biggest detriment because of his extremely thin tolerance of other views.  I recommend the game, but the dev is not a nice person."
76561198037854382,Recommended,254200,15693580,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gawag,"Update3: Some of the points mentioned here have been addressed with multiple updates. I've not yet seen everything from the new stuff so some things may be outdated.This game is voted more negative has it should be. It's quite interesting and plays like a big Minecraft mod but without some of the normal Minecraft features.Things that could be better:- needs cables. Using batteries as a replacement for cables for small distances is expensive at the beginning and also quite inefficient. The laser energy transmitter are bad for diagonal stuff. There should be something like cables for medium distances.- there are hostile creatures by now which have several issues. The hitbox is often weird and they often glitch into blocks. It's not clear what to do with the big ones like the worms and this giant thing ""overlord""(?), some kind of information system like Navi/Phi/Midna from The Legend of Zelda would be great that give some hints after trying some things out or doing a research project about them after encountering them, like ""Oh seems like they are not affected by your gun attack, maybe ...[hint towards what could help against them, I still have no idea]"".- lack of reasons to do stuff. You are only playing to produce more ressources to build more machines to produce more ressources... (minecraft and other games are having the same issues though) [this has been a bit fixes with the attack waves but those ""calming stations"" can be used to stop attack waves completely]-- feels like there should be more survival in there. There's only energy and temperature, build a solar station and you are fine forever. Needs food and the need to hunt creatures and build farmes. Creature breeding would be nice too, they could give ressources needed to craft stuff.-- there could be more interesting stuff deep down. Like stronger creatures who need better weapons. Like Minecrafts nether or ender world. The ""goal"" of the game could be to get super deep to the strongest creatures and best materials, build the best equipment and fortify a base in the hostile environment. [this is kinda the case by now, there are hostile enemies and things deep down which I have not yet seen everything of]- the weather and ground level. It's snowing all the time and snow everywhere, that's depressing. Needs some sun and grass or sand or other variation. [this has been slightly adressed by now but it's still a rocky and snowy desert]Update due to good point from from WolfWrag:The development seems really slow considering it's not much cheaper than Minecraft. I thought it was free or cheaper, maybe I got it cheaper due to a sale. It seems to be a side or hobby project of like one developer. I don't know how many people bought this game so it may be a bad ratio of invested time vs. earned money for the developer. Though even the full price is relatively cheap compared to normal/typical games (thought even Minecraft costs ~20€ I think). I played a lot so my ratio of playing & ""had fun time"" vs. price is still super good, especially compared to those triple A games for 70€ where you are finished and bored after like 20 or 30 hours (or even after a few minutes). So I would still recommend it for people who like Minecraft and want something different with a different focus.Comparing it to Minecraft is also a bit harsh as Minecraft was a much bigger success, has a higher price, has/had more developers and was developed over several years until it was like today, as most people know it. I joined Minecraft in Alpha or Beta stage and that was much more buggy, unfinished and had less features as FortressCraft has now. FortressCraft could add more stuff like survival with farming, animals and maybe something like the logic stuff with Redstone in Minecraft and it would be quite comparable to Minecraft feature wise (both would have stuff that the other hasn't but the amount would be comparable)."
,Not Recommended,254200,18866685,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Zen,"'We'll fix all the playability issues after we make enough sales from our full version release.', said no developer twice.I still don't recommend this game. The developer has now declared that it is finished, and all he'll be doing now is fixing bugs. Here are the remaining issues I have with this game:1. Consistent UI for machines. This one tripped me up repeatedly. I'd go to a hopper and press E to interact with it, because E opens the UI for pretty much everything else in the game, but the hoppers have no UI. Honestly it makes more sense to use T to Toggle the hopper settings, instead of Throwing selected item on toolbelt into it. Would be Consistent to have a UI for the hoppers, see exactly whats in it, then you could pull specific things from it.1a. When I finally started tossing iron in, I would have to press Q repeatedly to get everything out of the smelter feed hopper. Then drop the iron in, and if I dropped in anything else, it would randomly select what to make next. So I'd have 1 iron bar, and then a bunch of copper and tin. Although, it's indicative of not random, but a LIFO type system. Last In First Out. Since copper and tin were already automated to that hopper.... So in order to get JUST iron out, I'd have to rotate a belt, empty the hopper, put the iron ore in, wait for the iron ore to finish processing, then rotate the belt back, and drop stuff in again.2. Mobs pathing through solid objects. Got a nice recording of a slime inside my CPH and also inside the crafting machine. Can't shoot it there.2a. Kinda got lucky on my base placement, although at the same token, unlucky. It's been a while since I've started a world and had my base nestled at the foot of a mountain on one side. Because the last time that happened, I had to DIG OUT a mountain side, because the green balls of wasp vomit? poop? were flying out of the mountain side at my CPH. Once I dug out enough, I found 2 wasps just chilling inside the mountain, shooting at my CPH. Like solid walls? who cares! we don't have the programming to respect solids. With the slime just willy nilly oozing into and out of my CPH, I'm going to have to assume that nothing else respects solid surfaces either. Arther sure as hell doesnt.3. No display showing how much charge arther has. At least he's no longer holding a digital sandwich board, cracking jokes, but it's impossible to figure out how much charge he has now, except with a charging station I'm told. It's nice that his text now shows up over your toolbelt, but the sound is a bit obnoxious. Reminds me of an old NES game, where when the characters talk, it would make little blip noises with each character... like Zelda.4. Arther upgrades still reside in your inventory, and same with suit upgrades I'm assuming, since pressing S in the inventory screen opens a screen for suit upgrades that looks clearly incomplete. I made Arther's power core, why the heck does it live in my inventory? Why doesn't it go to it's own area? IIRC, you can take arther's power core out of your inventory and put it into a storage box. As long as you pick it up before you log out, and it's in your inventory when you launch the game, Arther counts it as having it.5. Still wish there was a compass. The holobase does seem much better somehow, and there's these red arrows in it, no idea what those are about.6. Logistics Hoppers, the white ones, although they still didn't spit things out as fast as a Large storage hopper, you could use them to empty a mining drill and send the contents onto a belt. Now they are slower some how. The point of the logistics hopper was to get the ore out of the drill and into transport. Now there's no choice but to stick a storage hopper on them. Which also seem slower in their dispersing speed.7. New Issue. The automation machines, the stamper, the extruder, the coiler, and PCB maker, used to just zip right along. Since they updated the recipe for laboratory pods, to use 1 PCB per three plates, for a total of 2 PCB to 6 plates for each lab pod... I would build a belt turntable, put a hopper on top of it, stick conveyers on each of the outputs, 3 sides leading to a stamper, 1 leading to the extruder, coiler, PCB maker, have the belts meet at the bottom and move up into a second hopper at the same level as the first one, so you could waste less resources and make lab packs... The whole build occupies slightly more space than the New and improved Behemoth of a CPH. But seeing as the speed of those automation machines is excruciatingly slow now, it causes a backlog, throwing the ratio's off. That's when I decided I'd had enough FCE for a while.The early game of FCE is Excruciatingly slow. Now with the improvements to the speed of the automation machines, it's going to be EVEN SLOWER...What FCE feels like to me: Solitary Confinement.When I shut the game down, I don't feel like I'm leaving FCE, I feel like I'm escaping.I'm really happy I got two copies at such a cheap price, but to be honest, unless it goes F2P, I'd leave this alone and spend your allowance on a game that was made by a developer that cares more about giving you a quality game, rather than how much money they get for making it.I will delete comments on this review at my discretion. I'm tired of being harassed by FortressCraft Promoters for expressing my opinion. I'd like to lock it so no further comments can be made. But apparently I don't get that option. So if you love FortressCraft Evolved, write your own review and stay off of mine."
,Recommended,254200,29036716,Posted: 5 January,all,GT500,"This Game is a gem that not enough people know about.   This is NOT a minecraft game, do not let the voxels fool you!If you like an game games like Factorio, Industry Tycoon, or any supply chain game were you start with nothing and you need to design infrastructure to make more and better things in order to make even more items.  You do all this with an endgame of course which I will not ruin.Be warned, that this game has a learning curve due to the sheer volume of things you can do.  If you are stuck, there is a great community to help guide you along.    If you are an intellect that loves a game with a challenge and  has over 200 hours of gameplay, this is for you.Note: the Dev has been doing Monthly releases updates and new content.  The dev is very active and even live stream his development sessions so that you can interface directly with him.If there is a problem, it would be fixed quickly.Please disregard some comments of crashes recently, this is due to a bug in the Unity engine and there are work arounds posted and release candidate patches to fix the problem.  These fixes will be in the update release at the end of the month or you can get them sooner if you do not want to opt in."
,Recommended,254200,16806487,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HimmyJendrix,This game has quite a few negative reviews and i have to say not all points are justified.I really enjoy this game (i only play on survival) and it's a verry good spin on the many voxel block games out there first off it's not focused on being creative as in making big castles etc ( i guess you could but there are other games that are better at this) Where this game shines is in optimizing your base you're building a huge factory/mining operation and everything needs to be powered by different means which makes it a little of a puzzle game in my opinion.people have commented on the fact that the tier 1 takes too long and it's too hard to get to tier 2. I have to say i love starting over and beginning from scratch I actually do so after every bigger update (even though it's usually not even necessary).other people have commented that the development is too slow or non existent and although it may seem like this the last few months if those same people would follow the twitter they would see what the devs are really working on and at this point that is mobs and battle this is not a small task so the smaller quick updates may be gone for a while untill this is done.I'm not saying this game is perfect yet (far from it ) but isn't that what the early acces warning is for.Too many people ragg on the early acces games giving negative reviews for things that are bugged etc that comes with the territory. People pay money for something and expect it to be a fully functioning completed product even though there is a big blue warning saying EARLY ACCES. Guess what i just bought a house thats not even finished building yet and i'm not at the construction site with a big  sign saying this company sucks my house doesn't have a roof and the toilet doesn't flush etc. same thing.
76561198000574093,Recommended,254200,19741915,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Trippingghost,"its like they took factorio and minecraft and merged them together, so much fun!"
,Recommended,254200,17352735,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Nekochan,"Its an awesome game, gives you a more industrial view of voxel games as opposed to the typical ""build stupid pick axe, mine till you upgrade stupid pick axe"" games.  The devs are very responsive to the community and often respond within a day or less.Edit - as of releaseStill awesome, still a lot to do, a lot of improvements have been made to give you a more ""isolated"" feeling like you really crashed landed.  The difficult of this game can go between easy and holy crap stop it hard so I think thats a good range for both new and old players to voxel type games.  I can literally lose a weekend to playing this.  As to the rumors that it's buggy, unfinished, or abandonware.  The dev believes in complete transparency, he announced a feature lock on what would be in the release, and even slipped in some extra goodies in his spare time.  There are plans to add even more features beyond the hundred or so game hours you can easily sink in to the existing ones.  As for the bugs, this has far less than pretty much any AAA title on its release day (lets not even bring up every bethesda game ever), most of the so called bugs are not bugs, they are misunderstood features or someone feeling butthurt for being stupid, those that are real bugs, usually get patched within a day or two and eventually cycle up from the bleeding edge version to the mainline."
76561197971362464,Recommended,254200,19390227,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,kb,"Think....Minecraft meets Turret defense.The game is pretty solid in the minecraft department. It has all the fun and creativity of minecraft, but takes a lot of the tedious repetitive things out. There is also a research system, which works pretty well.I've focused most of my time into building my base, making my mining operations efficient, going deeper underground, and where I'm at, I find that the balance of unlocking research, upgrading mining systems, digging deeper using automated methods...etc, its a pretty solid game.Another bonus, if you check the forums, the dev is pretty involved in helping the community out and explaining things and looking to improve always. I'd give a 9/10 and I'd recommend to anyone who enjoyed minecraft even a little bit."
,Recommended,254200,28268435,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,5Andysalive,"Its a very nice 3D version of Factorio (+minecraft). I know it isn't exactly like it, but it has just VERY strong Factorio vibes to it.  Not as complex in the long term maybe or maybe it is... (and not as polished yet) , but thats balanced out by the 1st person perspective and the 3rd dimension. That makes things much more interesting, immersive but also nicely confusing.  Walking THROUGH a messy (first) factory is a greater experience than watching it from far above.  And of course there is the 3rd dimension thing.  It goes DEEP. Setting up a little base in a huge cave 500+m underground feels good but is challenging due to the balancing issues.There isn't really a goal and target though. Maybe thats why it's going for somwhat more micromanagement.It  adds a strong Minecraft part to the thing, which makes it different to factorio.  But thats the world, the blocks, the digging (though MUCH faster) and the mining. The crafting on the other hand thankfully feels much more intuitive, much more Factorio then Minecraft(+Tekkit&co)Some balance decisions are a bit questionable. Like the first real ore smelter being so far down the research tree. You're stuck with the 1 free one for a long time and can't even move it for a long time. Also wrong choices in research can get you seriously stuck (Suit heater&Toxic filter!).Especiall since you see no tech tree. Only google tells you, what you need for what later on.Not going into too much detail but generally crafting end research gets too grindy later on. But can be adjusted by editing xml files with an text editor.Also due to all storage systems being (imho) seriously undersized, it remains despite automation, more manual and demands more micromanagement in the longer run.With the little tutorial, ingame help, trial and error and not too much google/youtube, its not too hard to figure out how things work and get something going.Once you know the basics, and (like in factorio) with the first conveyor systems and automations it gets more complex, more interesting. The first attempt will never be great. But you learn from it.But thats not a con for me if some balance is kept. Thats part of the charm of such a game! As it is in factorio.It doesnt need a longe step by step tutorial to the perfect facility for me. Although i would have appreciated the information that conveyers simply transport stuff vertically as well. Its mentioned nowhere.Thats VERY helpful to know if your miner is at -170m. Also that new torches are made automatially from coal in the inventory, when placed and don't need to be crafted with a recipe. Its literally the only item that does this and thus not expected....The world/game creating options have several parameters suiting new players. Like keep inventory on death. I can't possibly imagine doing the deep game without ""dying back home"".Maybe with much more experience.Prize wise, especially with the expensive Frozen Factory DLC (which isn't necessary for new players!), its probably worth, waiting for a sale. But if you liked factorio and look for something  kinda similar but in 3D AND can forgive a few rough edges, its really worth it (maybe at reduced prize).Just don't hit it with expectations like for a 40€ AAA game. That's silly.PS: It runs stable for me, native 21:9 support, Graphics not amazing but nice enough. Lighting at times can be annoying. But overbright pipes have been fixed in recent update. Steam workshop support (though not that much content). All is well on the technical side.Can't tell about multiplayer though. Also mods disable Achievements. Which is the single most stupid idea game devs ever came up with.PPS: There is no Steam or game option, to change language. So its only available in english.PPPS: Warning: This game is as time-eating as Factorio. Everytime you look at the clock its two hours later then you wanted to stop playing."
76561197969715965,Recommended,254200,23623074,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PhearFactor,"Great game.Objective is to mine ore to be able to build faster more powerful equipment to power and mine deeper. Eventaully the game becomes a defend your base type game with waves of flying insects. The bigger your base becomes the harder the waves get. A lot of the fun is figuring out how to make your base more efficent by building more ore transports and researching new tech and then upgrading your base.Game is updated almost every 4-6 weeks for release buids of game but there are also bleedign edge builds that are updated multiple times a week.This is a great casual game. Great for kids.If you are still on the fence, watch some videos on youtube. Thye may look very complex but it really isn't too bad and the game spoon feeds you new blocks so you don't get too overwhelmed too quickly.Some of the negatives of the game is sometimes it seems you are waiting around for ore instead of doing something fun. You could always be making your mine shaft bigger but in the begining you don't know how much space you will need. There really isn't much guidance after a very short tutorial. Also, if your base gets killed, it is no big deal. It repairs itself, So there isn't a real reason to defend it. Of course that might not always be the case since the game does get updated often and there is a large DLC being created that should be out this year."
76561197970775054,Recommended,254200,18987060,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,StormDragon,"Wonderful automation game, played many hours during both Early Access and Release. Developer is consistent with updates fixing bugs and adding new features."
,Recommended,254200,20451232,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Daedalus2112,FortressCraft Evolved is the love child of Minecraft and Factorio.  It's done beautifully well.  It gets daily attention from the developer. adding new content and making improvements.  It's incredibly stable - nearly 50 hours of play and no crashes/issues.  It's definately worth picking up.
76561198064811539,Recommended,254200,19293390,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Arctic The Wolf,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game deserves a review. I absolutly adore this game and has tons of wonderfull ideas and features with literally constant updates. So lets get into the game. What is it? You could say its minecraft but in all honestly...it kind of isnt. It is its own unique game with tons of unique blocks and features that I would love to have in minecraft, that not even modded minecraft can offer. So lets get the good and the bad in the game listed in a nice little list. This is a little lengthy so if you dont want to read all of this and want to know the short versionSHORT Version: Its a good game lots of features and updates, little bugs, if there are it gets fixed pretty quickly, dev streams and listens to his watchers. Also they look at feedback and love to get feedback on the game.LONG: If you want more depth here you go.PROS:-It is constantly updated on a daily baises. There are new features almost weekly and when they did a poll on their twitter, literallythe next day there was a solution and was implemented within a pretty short amount of time. A day or two before it was in the game.-Bugs are quickly addressed when reported and usually will have a patch in a decent amount of time, depending on how game breaking it is of course.-Multiple tiers that you work your way through as you go deeper into the world.-Researching those tiers. The deeper you get the more Research points you get (RP) The more blocks and flora you scan the more you unlock.-Replayability. Theres a lot of replayability in this game and with constant updates and a lot of features being planned it is always a new experience. (Especially if they add the planned features like space)-ARTHER. An amazing little robot that you can dress in a top hat, eye monocle and an good looking moustache. Love it! Though hes really useful ingame with status updates and back up power if you run low.-Much more to list that would just make this ungodly long.-Multiple game modes that are pretty fun ranging from hardcore and rush mode one or two others that I cant think of atm.CONS-Not everything is implemented yet. Some stuff is in there but it hasnt been properly fleshed out. (Though this isnt in early access, it still technically is because of a lot of reasons that you need to game developers point of view to understand. (Which the dev actually explained to us in a stream in depth which gives you a big understanding of the gaming industry. Like the top games make 90% of the money. Even though fortress craft is in the top 500 for steam games they still struggle, so even though this is the con section, I highly suggest if you buy the game you buy the DLC with it to help support them))-Things can be a little difficult to piece together, even with the handbook, so it may take a little bit of time to figure things out or do a little research (Again its being fleshed out and the handbook is still unfinished so its understable)-Your kind of stuck in spot defending the same area. Now Im sure they have plans to change that especially when they plan to implement space, so for right now your kind of defending your castle.Honestly Im just prying cons out of anything I can just to make this seem fair, but there really arent to many cons. If you cant launch the game then talk to the dev. They'll try to help you. Trust me, they want to help you and expand their player base. You can listen into one of their streams and their ideas and viewpoints are really nice to listen into and really put time into their game. It is a bit of a tedious game so it takes time to make things but once you get the hang of it you will surely have fun. This is truly a fantastic game and you should give it a chance. I would honestly even say that this game should be valued way more then 10-15$ for the amount of work they put in, so its a pretty good deal for a game like this."
,Recommended,254200,30368788,Posted: 7 March,all,Gabeux,"If you like Factorio or Minecraft with tech mods, you must buy this.If you don't know what I'm talking about, but you like Automation, Logistics, Production, Multi-tasking or games that can actually feel alien, hard or challeging, then you should try it out.Although the 'FortressCraft' name may make it seem like another one of the infinite Minecraft clones and knock-offs, the only thing it shares with Minecraft is the voxel-based world. A bunch of other things can resemble modded Minecraft, however, it's still unique and easily stands on its own.FCE is all about exploring and finding resources, and getting machines to exploit those resources for you. Instead of spending most of your time manually digging and mining, you'll spend your time actually thinking, planning and implementing solutions of all kinds, expanding your base and coming up with cool machine designs and setups to do boring work for you while you run around using your time where it really matters.I've first played FCE years ago, and now that I came back to it, it's much different. There's a lot of improvements, from visual, to technical and gameplay improvements, which really makes it all an even more solid experience.If there's one thing I would complain about FCE (and how it changed), is that some things take insane amount of resources to craft. Indoubtly those were (re-)balancing attempts, but I'd prefer more sensible requirements.I'm still barely on the mid-game, though, so I can't give a proper, full review on its balancing and wether such high requirements make sense.To be really concise, FCE is not for everyone. So I do recommend you check videos out if you can.It can be time consuming and it will make you think about solutions and designs when you're away from the game. It might make you draw setups in notebooks. It might make you want to stick solar panels wherever you can.The developer, after all those years, still works on the game. Which is why I'll be buying the DLCs soon - it's really admirable to see someone working on something for so long after it's release, without it being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t features or updates.There's something satisfying about striking the earth, exploiting an alien planet's resources, and using said resouces to murder the innocent creatures that lived there before you.Become an Evolved FortressCrafter today.PS: I should mention: This game has the most cool, fun and satisfying ""grappling hook"" I've ever seen in a videogame yet."
76561198057347503,Recommended,254200,25456896,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,masettisc,"I'm 53.  I'vw been a gamer since pong was first invented and then when Atari was mind blowingly cool.  This is one of the best games I've ever spent money on.  If you like to think, plot, plan, explore and execute then you won't get more for your money than this game.  I have more than 100 hours in this game so far and I feel like I'm only scratching the surface and yet I've acheived so much.  AWESOME JOB!!!!!"
76561198086049506,Recommended,254200,22777659,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sealgkor,"After about 100 hours pure playing time, I can definitely recommend this game to all those who liked/loved Factorio or similar games.You are stranded on a foreign planet, but somehow a small friend called Arthur and a giang spider-bot survived the impact (or you built them after the crash, I don't know). The world looks like Minecraft, but feels more realistic, and your task is to gather ressources and build up a working factory (not like a big plant, but several small pieces put together to smelt, craft, shape, improve, research many things you find on the planet) so that you can finally be rescued or something (don't know, I didn't came so far yet). But (same as Minecraft, Factorio and similar) you are not alone on this planet. The more you proceed down the earth (or however this planet is called) the more you attract some kind of insectiods, which will visit your factory from time to time and check if you need anything (like terror and death). They seemed driven by a higher intelligence, and yes there is something like that. Either somewhere burried in earth are some huge globbing eyes hidden behind a undiggable wall of ... don't know what, looks like the stuff from the Alien-Movie. Those ""Eyes"" send small creatues to steal ressources from unprotected conveyors to reach with their ugly arms after your factory. The other ones are vastly huge, four-headed, brain-thingy, glowing ... things. Well, you will recognize once you see them. And, I don't know wether I was day-dreaming... but I think I saw something like that worm from Star Wars that was hidden inside that asteroid trying to eat the Falcon...Conclusion:Quit your Job, break up with girl-/boyfriend, close windows and doors, headphones on, uhm... maybe VR if you have  and buy the game. You will not regret (as long as you belong to the above mentioned target group) !"
76561198053778085,Recommended,254200,20335699,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,HazzMatte,This game is great. Fans of modded minecraft should really enjoy this game. This is what minecraft should have been.
76561198026779731,Recommended,254200,31470539,Posted: 30 April,all,Samfucious,"It's like a cross between Minecraft and Factorio, which are both games I would also recommend. I'm hooked!"
76561198062366951,Recommended,254200,19141183,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,eggymatrix,"I'm now 30 hours into the game and only played singleplayer, I have to say that after KSP it is the best game I played in the last 5 years!It is still in development, and I think great work is being made to gradually improve the game while still providing an excellent game experience in an unfinished game.I love the automation possibilities the game is offering, and it just feels right in terms of balance: the time it takes producing resurces to automate things forces you to pay attention to things like defence and backups to your existing mines.I recommand this game to all those people that like to use their brain while playing!"
76561197971416060,Recommended,254200,16756521,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tekk,"So, i'm about 60 hours in and i must say, i recommend this game.Fortresscraft Evolved is an early access game, and as such it has it's kinks (not that many though), but the content so far is great, and over the past few weeks that i have owned the game, i have seen a lot of development activity and content added.I also think the developers show great transparancy, through detailed patch notes and the ability from the player side to choose what build you want to run, as in you can choose to run the stable version, beta version or bleeding edge if you want to be up to date with the newest of the new developments.*update*I'm at 90 something hours played now, and entheusiasm has not faded a bit, i'd just like to add that;It has been my experience that the devs, to me, seem very open to ideas, but also eager to resolved issues and bugs, i've not had a single bug report or feature request that hasn't recieved attention from the devs yet, seems to me that the developers are very active part of the community."
76561198059641737,Recommended,254200,17666759,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sevrin,"This game gets worse reviews than it deserves. Keep in mind this is an early access game guys, it's not complete don't expect it to be.The gameplay is pretty decent, it's all about automation and machines. A skilled player could make some truly complex machinery which would be super fun. It's minecrafty but unique, a great play for minecraft fans who are tired of playing the same game all the time.I personally find the identifying blocks and researching things to be very entertaining and satisfying."
76561197964097628,Not Recommended,254200,21837528,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sidetrack,"Let me start by saying that this game IS FUN.  I have played for many hours(although a lot of that time was spent afk... I tend to forget I have games running) The basic concept of the game is great, gather resources, build massive assembly lines, defend against attacks, all to save yourself when you crashed on a freezing planet.  So then why the negative review?The game appears to be a released title but upon deeper investigation (after I had bought the game, stupid me) I realized that it was still in Alpha/Beta but the developer wanted to make more money so he ""released"" it on steam.  The game has missing icons/textures, wonky AI, and is still has a MASSIVE list of features to be added, bugs to fix, and balance issues to address.  I havn't encountered the game breaking crashes/bugs others have reported.  IF I WANTED TO PLAY EARLY ACCESS I WOULD BE HAPPY.  The game is being updated and features are being added.  The negative review stems from the fact that it is not a complete game even though it appears that way at first.Oh, also the dev has stated that he is breaking the game into several expansion packs.  So you only get part of the content for your initial purchase.  However he only recently decided this(or made it clear).  I can understand wanting to get paid but it is sneaky and dishonest to publish an unfinished game and then charge people more money if they want the finished product.  If all this were clear on the store page I wouldn't be writing this review(and would probably be fine with it... although i would have waited until the game was complete before considering purchase).  The sneaky way it is handled is what bothers me.So FOR NOW I do not reccomend purchasing this game.  When it is finished (provided it get's there, i've had baaad luck with early access titles, I will rewrite this review."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,254200,22398450,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,SamuraiJones,"I hate giving this game a negative review, because I really like it. But I've a simple rule: Games that are incomplete and not marked early access get the thumbs down.There are many resources with descriptions like ""not implemented yet"" or ""has no use yet, but will soon."" There are big mechanics of the game (losing a base assault for example) which don't do anything. The game is quite playable and enjoyable, but it's not even in beta yet.Alot of people were complaining about this game, and honestly I think it was because they didn't understand the mechanics. I remember one guy complaining that generators don't work underground so you can't go very deep... i guess he didn't see all the power transmission devices? But then, blocky games with ""craft"" in the title are clearly targetting the minecraft audience, and I think this game requires a bit more maturity to understand.The game really is pretty good, although a bit rough around the edges. I think the game could use a rebalance to make resource management less cumbersome. Specifically, late game components (mk III lasers for example) take quite a few resources to build. But hey, it's an automation game so that's perfectly reasonable, you just need to build more mines. The problem is that if you build enough mines to keep those your factory making those at a reasonable pace, the storage of resources becomes a nightmare.In my situation, I've got two or three machines making late game components, and my storage facility (which is really big btw) is either completely empty, or overflowing to the point where my transit lines jam up. I'm constantly running up and down my mine to turning drills on and off so that my storage won't overflow, becase honestly (and here's the important part) it's easier to turn them on and off then to make a storage facility large enough to support the flow.I often see the developer on the forums asking things like ""what would you like to see?"" I'd like to see cheaper storage and transport in the early game (so you can ramp up faster without all the waiting for tin bars), and higher tier transport and storage in the late game. Just something as simple as a ""super hopper"" that's expensive but holds 1000 resources would go a long way. A faster transport system then the tubes would be nice too (or maybe mk 4 lasers and more powerful matter-movers). Just something along those lines.Anyway, that's my take on it. I love the factory games, and this is the best 3D one I've found, although it still has a long way to go. To those who like the automation aspects of this game, do make a point of looking at Factorio though, because it is the best IMHO."
76561198022310020,Recommended,254200,19029592,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,micromil,"Do NOT be fooled this is NOT a minecraft ripoff, although it is a blocky game.This game is about base automation and defending that base from hostiles.There is an aim and end too this game. Not just dig dig dig.Yes it has blocks and looks a bit like those other blocky games, but it is not ""just another rip off"".This game is about-resource management-strategy and proritisation-energy management-logistics-efficient layout-organisation of your base.Then there is the tower defence side of things too.Pro's-process automation-runs well-active developer-developer engages with the players-developer is passionate about the game-Survival and creative modes-generally better graphics than many other blocky games-Need to think differently to get the hang of automation-Strategy-Good for an indie game-Co-op Multiplayer-Ongoing development of new features-Ore scanner - I love the ore scanner!!!Con's-Need to think differently, can take time to get head around automation-Tower defence may not appeal to everyone-Not perfect (but no worse than a lot of AAA titles I have bought)-Can lose hours of your day without realising-Some mobs are a little annoying-Some animations are glitchy-Learning curve can seem a bit steep, until you change the way you thinkNOTE I have not had the pleasure trying the multiplayer so I can't comment on the state of it but it is present."
76561198050274307,Recommended,254200,19083753,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lazen99,in a very short amount of time this game has sucked up 60+ hours of my life. So far time well spent.
76561197993432028,Recommended,254200,28566814,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Myrianne,"I've been around a long time and played a lot of stuff, so hopefully this statement will have some gravity: FortressCraft Evolved is easily one of the most engaging, intellectually stimulating, enjoyable experiences I have ever had with a game.  No caveats.  It's not just good ""for a game developed by one guy,"" it's good period.  On top of that, it's backed by a strong and helpful community, and a dev that engages with us on a daily basis to take in feedback.  Depending on how you play it, it is also extremely challenging, in a way that, rather than testing your ability to move and click your mouse as quickly as possible, tests your ability to problem solve.As I'm writing this, I'm noticing that the price for the game is $4.41 (base), or $13.90 (with all DLC) because of the winter sale.  That's insane.  At 576 hours played, that's a little over $0.02/hour.  I guess they say the best things in life are free... or at least close to it."
,Recommended,254200,17597736,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cough medic,The game concept is brilliantthe game its self has amazing featuresthe machines are all awsomenot much of a hostile envioment to mefun to build stuff on10/10
76561198108572225,Recommended,254200,17612082,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mustafar KinTukhi,"Fortresscraft Evolved. This game to me has become (evolved) into a game that compares to the likes of minecraft except in my opinion it has become better and is constantly improving.  With the likes of HMKAGM, myself and a few others who are in contact with DJ the developer we are constantly advising on improvements for the game and subsequently the game is constantly evolving.  If you like minecraft I am 90% sure you will like this game, give it a go. It is the 1st game I have ever given a review to as it is the 1st game I have found that warrants it.  5 star rating all the way Keep up the great work DJ."
76561198009011400,Recommended,254200,23650133,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dendavid,"There is just one thing i can say, THIS GAME IS GREAT.Several reasons:1) It's a voxel game based on automation and in 3D with nice grafics.2) The dev is commited to the improvement and upgrading of the game.3) The dev streams a lot about what he does and is community friendly, he even responds on direct questions in the stream (haven't found another dev doing that).4) The game keeps evolving and so does the dev and the community.5) The game also has a lot of pottential, especialy for an indie game.6) The game has nice levels to work to (killing the overmind at the top, going down to the cold caverns and defend your base against the growing ""creep"", what will the lower levels bring??? ;) )"
76561198117391036,Recommended,254200,29238158,Posted: 13 January,all,DustBust,"2017 UpdateIt still amazes me that 1 Dev built this game...This is not a game you pick up and spend a few hours and get to see most of the game, the base game, start to finish for a ""new"" player could easily take 150-200hrs (learning curve, experimenting) You will have a massive ""factory"" style base with tower defense action by the time you are done. Its quite amazing setting up new, efficient production capabilities within this game.You could compare this to Factorio in some aspects but it definitely takes it own spin and style.Cons:- Not friendly to new players - The first 75hrs you put in, you can probably do in 20hrs in a second attempt- Early Grind - This actually turns off 80-90% of the players from the last statistics I saw, it sucks, I still hate it but its a new game grind that the Dev keeps in this game for some reason.My biggest gripe to date:It's still being tweaked and updated with expansions (your probably wondering why thats bad)...Well, its a one man team and for me, optimization took a drop following Version 14/15 and we have an expansion on the near horizon. The lag spikes and issues get more apparent the larger your base gets, he has released performance improvements in the past few updates but it still doesn't feel that it is helping much. This pretty much made me shelf the game.Recommendation: Its definitely worth every penny. Just be prepared for some issues mid to late game until he has more time to focus on them."
76561197960452136,Recommended,254200,15799098,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Xeteth,"Note: This is an Early Access review and may not reflect the finished product.After spending aproximately 170 hours in FC:E I feel that I am able to give a fairly accurate review of the current state of the game.FC:E basically has two modes to play in; Creative and Survival.CreativeThe game looks and feels very similar to many other voxel based games out there - notably Minecraft. However, FC:E stands out from the crowd due to the rather powerful tools that are available to the player. The various tools that you are able to use allow you to make very large and very intricate creations. Copy/Pasting sections of the world can be done very quickly and the ability to create your own blocks using the ingame workshop function allow a level of creativity that has not really been seen in such voxel games previously. I myself have not spent a huge amount of time in creative, however from the limited hours I have put in it became clear rather quick that those who enjoy the freedom of making anything they want will really benefit from these tools and this level of freedom.SurvivalHere's the mode that has stolen a huge amount of my time. In basic terms the survival aspect draws many of the gameplay aspects of those in Minecraft - mining, resource management etc. but here's where FC:E does it differently. A huge focus of FC:E's survival mode is based upon automation and logistics, creating large transport, mining and power networks to build a base and gather resources.The blocks that exist in the game all have useful functions and although can be a bit daunting at first, are quite easy to use and options for creativity open up once you get the hang of things. If you've played anything like the Feed the Beast modpacks for Minecraft or Factorio then this is the game for you.Current state of the gameAs far as I am aware the engine for this game was built by the developers themselves, allowing them to tailor it to suit the needs of a game like this. It's definately not perfectly optimised, but I have certainly seen worse and the development team are constantly working to improve on this as well as fix bugs, this is to be expected in an Early Access game.There's a decent amount of content in the game to allow you to spend quite a few hours building and creating what you want. The development cycle is quite fluid and the creators are quite active on the forums, responding to questions, asking for feedback, addressing issues etc.Mobs and combat are the next big thing to come, which will add quite a bit in terms of gameplay as you will need to defend your base and resources.Multiplayer in Creative is complete and as far as I'm aware pretty free of bugs. Survival Multiplayer is currently in a working condition although there are some bugs still to be ironed out, but as mentioned previously the devs are quite open and transparent about this and work on this is constant.Overall I believe this game is a steal at it's current price. Judging from what is already in the game and what has been discussed as the future of FC:E on the forums I really think this game sets itself apart from all the Minecraft clones on the market."
,Not Recommended,254200,14940027,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,bfarr87979,"Brilliant concept and tons of potential, but has failed miserably.Bought this game over a year ago. Nothing has changed. I saw the devs update less and less. Then Nothing. Then almost Months later come back screaming ""where not dead!!!!."" with no updates since then or anythign else done.Its my assumption this game is dead.Sure, some fun things to do in creative, but i bougth this for survival. And so its unplayable. So many bugs and glitches. You dig a hole and the wall disapears or you fall forever. Dig a deep hole to mine. No simple later to climb your way back up. Just that grappling hook which is ridicously stupid since you will grab a wall and will just fall instead of holding onto the ledge to regrapple to the next higher area.No enemies even though they sit there. You can't find any specific ore, or be able to access the ones you need.The robots or other tech to help you gather the resources don't work and create a really big irritant.I spent majority of my time running between sites trying to repower them so they could work a little more.Then you die by freezing to death. Go underground Freeze. Search for deposits, Freeze. Lose your energy, Freeze. No way to locate your base? Freeze. Repower yourself and end up burning yourself Alive.Speaking of which, No compass or way to find your base again! Yes the map is small (which is another issue), but you can't find your base, because everyhting looks the same.The map is small and you can't find any materials you need. I kept digging and digging, not a single material i needed (Lithium) *cough* *cough* could be found.I thougth this game would feature defend you minning base or somthing cause aliens will attack. Nope....And oh yes the UI.... Looks like a kid in HS made it. I mean its bad. Majoirty of the items in your inventory don't have images. Half the items don't work. and when would I make more than one item at a time? unless I'm in creative mode where I'm just messing around.At that point its boring to me. Sure maybe for you artsy ppl this is great. but for me its a waste of time and I find no entertainment out of it.Overall, A great concept. But executed so poorly and lacks so many updates. it is the worst game on my steam account."
,Recommended,254200,29683075,Posted: 3 February,all,itsstockiswear,"One of the few games were countless hours of planning truly pay off.  It makes me think of time as a resource.  It  provides me with the keys to allow me to automate my operations.  I'm the kind of player that will build and break down something twenty times over to squeeze every ounce of efficiency out of it.   Fortresscraft rewards this kind of attention to detail.. Just when you think you have it figured out and the resources are rolling in, you go deeper in the world and find more challenges to work through.Dev is active, honest, and smart.  Community is helpful.  Game is patched and improved very often.  If you are the anal, obssessive, and detail oriented gamer that I am, you need to go ahead and buy this game."
,Recommended,254200,29132508,Posted: 8 January,all,Styphal,"TL,DR:If you like complex games that make you think and experiment and don't mind a little rough around the edges gameplay/difficulty curve typical of a one-man development studio, you'll most likely get your money's worth out of this title.An interesting and fun take on a survival, factory building, and tower defense game. After crashing on a frozen planet, you're forced to bend that planet to your will in an attempt to destroy the native life threatening your very existence. You'll dig deep and unearth the resources to build ever more complex machines and the defenses to protect them. Don't let the voxels used in the game fool you, this is not a Minecraft clone even though there is a creative mode available. The real draw is survival. If it's too difficult, you could always bring a friend as FC:E is also multiplayer with both local and dedicated servers available!This is a true indie gem written solely by DJArcas who streams most of his development and is accessable via Steam forums. This title has come a long way since it has come out of Early Access and now has a full expansion titled the Frozen Factory, which further utilizes the chilly methane gas filled caverns found hundreds of meters beneath the surface of the planet. There is another planned expansion that will focus on even deeper layers near the planet's ""core"".DJArcas is also toying around with bringing VR to FortressCraft: Evolved. You can't do much except for touring your factory in VR, but it's still pretty neat. You do need a pretty hefty PC to run the game without VR, and enabling VR makes this requirement even more paramount.Most of the negative reviews are from veteran players that are upset about ""recent"" changes to the game that force you to*gasp*build machines and production lines (a.k.a. play the game). These changes include not being able to carry unlimited amounts of ore in your inventory and being unable to smelt ores underground. This is done to force the player to utilize the plethora of machines and automation at their disposal to accomplish these tasks and craft their factory. I'd like to reiterate that these negatives will have no impact to new players of the game as they haven't been spoiled by these shortcuts. This is akin to the players complaining that there is now fall damage in-game and now have to work around it (yes, this also happened). If you absolutely have to cheat, FortressCraft: Evolved is also Steam Workshop compatible and has mods available that basically enable cheating."
,Recommended,254200,18307604,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fash Fiatalember,"English is not my native language so sorry for my grammar!Do you remember redstone from minecraft? Well this game is all abaut ""redstone"" then"". You crashland on a planet and youre only hope is the matchinery witch was left intact. From witch you can start to rebuild. From a few scrapmetal to a sprawling industry! At first its a bit hard to get used to the mechanics but once you feel  confortable with it, the real fun begins! Not to mention the native aliens witch see you as a threat as you strip the planet from its percious minerals, so build youre fortress build defences expand youre economy become the planet's new ruler!Cheers from Hungary"
76561198118220680,Recommended,254200,30937824,Posted: 4 April,all,wmcferren,"This game is MineCrack Cocaine. If you like Minecraft, use caution. You'll be googling nearly unsolvable questions regarding highly automated infrastructure in about 40 hours.Then you'll be sleepless, hating you life in about 80.Then your friends will genuinely be concerned about you when you show them the sprawling minig facility you've created using the same amount of time that you could have graduated college with."
,Recommended,254200,19009087,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Mithious,"I love this game so much I started helping out with it for free! (take this as your conflict of interest disclaimer).Seriously though, be prepared to put up with some (many?) rough edges but there is a lot of fun and play time here for your money."
76561198031196482,Recommended,254200,23840469,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zalieda,A hundred some odd hours later....Hold CRTL when you click to craft conveyor/pipe or whatever.. make 25 at a time.. dur.
76561198042396991,Recommended,254200,18261991,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Gaza9422,"This game is great many hours of content and if like myself u like to post on the fourms the game developer actually reads ur posts and tries to help you in any way he can. The game has a little bit of a slow start but the early game play has been worked on alot since i started playing it and now i have over 300 hours of game play experiance i feel its time i did a review. the game has so much content that even with my 300 + hours there are still things i havent seen or made yet and its only making me want to play it more to unlock/ proceed further. i love the new DLC pack and have made Arther very ""Dapper"" and if u are new to the game please check out youtube as there are a few youtubers out there who have made lets play series designed to help u learn the game and show u come of the capabilities possible with this game. i truly recomend this game and have bought 5 coppies so far for myself and my friends."
,Recommended,254200,24556932,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,neekz0r,"You'll see a lot of people complaining about how this ""used to be fun"", and upset because reasons. To sum up:This is a game about automation; they are upset that they have to automate. This game has always been about trying to automate things and, yes, forcing automation, because it makes the most sense. How many people here can build a plastic gizmo by hand? How many people here, if given that task, would go buy a 3D printer to do it?If you are a new player and don't have the expectation that you can carry around 70K worth of ore in your magic pouch, then you'll find this game fun. If you are a new player and expect to have to automate things (and protect them!) then you'll have fun."
,Recommended,254200,19024693,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Disodium,"From the brief time I have played this game thus far it is a great game!It has a great concept and hopefully continues to evolve over the next few years as the developer hopes!The sad thing here though is that 'out-dated' negative reviews are killing this games progress as reviews do not expire as a game evolves.I think the review system on Steam is flawed in that respect as it does not retire reviews after a certain period of time, especially if the devs fix the issues, instead if a game has a rocky launch(as this did) it is forever doomed with that mark on its name, even if the dev fixes the issues.Looking at the negative reviews a lot of the negative reviews are from a long time ago before fixes etc and some things claimed by some users are no longer valid.That aside,Gameplay wise, this is a voxel technology/research game.You need to build systems to power your base, and research new technology to progress.If you enjoy tech mods in minecraft, this is definately worth a look.In my opinion it is very generously prices.. I have paid a LOT more for games I have played a lot less off.This being said, and I will update this review in a week or so after I clock up some more hours.For the time being, I love the concept and how the game plays and want to support it by adding a positive review!"
76561198134039911,Recommended,254200,18357467,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Akrian,"This game wasted so much time of my life but i can say it was worth it. I played it since early stages and seen it evolve and I can say that devs are really working hard to make this game aversome. There are of course bugs, but they not game breaking, and you can easly ignore them.What i feel playing only survival mode that it's Minecraft on steroids. You get building gun that has VERY long range, infinite world with no bottom and TONS of things to craft. And its not simply digging a few blocks and just making them into some items. You need to use machines to mine ore and coal, power it up and get ore to smelter to get bars for stuff to make. You need to research new machines and tools, and some research proyect requie several machines setup and TONS of power and metal to get.But the best thing about this game is building automation. You can set up a mine, connect to storage, to engine, load with coal and just come back for ore later. Or you can connect conveyor belts and your ore is transported to smelter, power mine from some sorts of power that is supplied by coal from other mines and your mine will work by itself until it runs out of ore. You can sort your materials, set up complicated structures and watch how its nicely work by itself.The only think that it's lacking is info how things work. You get short toturial, but basically you need to figure out how each machine works, and there are few dozens of different machines.This game is great. Maybe not perfect, but it's something I've been looking to play for a long time."
76561197998407343,Recommended,254200,18221110,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Huene,"This is set to replace minecraft for me as a primary always return to game, Fortresscraft Evolved handles all my logistical needs and deserves much more visibility than it currently recieves.I am a survival player and while I saw this a while back at the time it was a creative game.  The survival element is perfectly executed for those who like the playstyle of modded minecraft.  If you looked at Fortresscraft Evolved in the past I'd recommend giving it another look.If there was any room for improvement, I would say that a dedicated server would be a welcome feature. and as soon as it is available, (preferably for linux) it will sit up there with my other 3-4 hosted games."
76561198129025806,Recommended,254200,29287839,Posted: 15 January,all,simtropbuggi,"Crafting, exploration, tower defense: these are just a few of the features of this amazing game. And after 1000 hours I can tell you this game gives you more for your money than most.An extensive in-game help and mission system help to shorten the learning curve to get you automating and growing your base. You can even create a dedicated server and play with friends!Modding support offers a custom game experience that helps squeeze even more enjoyment and challenge out of the game. And the Frozen Factory expansion is well worth the price adding a huge amount of content.And as a shameless plug, if you get stuck on something I have over 300 videos on Youtube going over every aspect of the game."
,Recommended,254200,17682181,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Andreas,"A lot of the negative reviews is due to blind people not seeing the tutorial that is literally right in front of them when they spawn. That being said, this is a good game, with a really nice developer who was live on twitch earlier and answered all questions.Please do not let these reviews fool you, it is a REALLY good game!"
,Recommended,254200,17002155,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Decced123,"In a nutshell review, Early July 2015:Strong RecommendGameplay hours: at least 20+Beta version updates happening weekly or better - very activeDevs active online and taking feedback, adjusting bleeding edge beta almost dailyFor now, it is a mining game: you'll have the most fun if you enjoy building an industrial town/machine and gradually automate your mining operation.Depending on how much you like to tinker, there is at least 20+ hours to get to current endgame (quarry), but that can easily extend as you learn to use the various components to achieve certain things you thought couldn't be done. A lot of the core fun is to figure out a way out of these challenges.Work has just started on PVE, you might want to avoid the Bleeding edge version of the beta until you master the basics and stick to stable or standard beta until you know what you're doing as they are tweaking things and adding stuff continuously."
76561198023119043,Recommended,254200,32762526,Posted: 25 June,all,Nrg,"I don't think this game gets enough credit, although it may get more than it needs at some points. In my opinion, it's a complex game of manufacturing. With recent updates, it changed from being able to carry your raw materials, to having to automate. That itself presents a engineering challenge. Otherwise it's a gem, that should not be overlooked if you enjoy harvesting and games that have a linear progression of complexity. End game is a prime example of how intensly you should have your setup as fine tuned as possible. Major issue with the game ""system"" is early game you may have your infrastructure setup, but it will need retuned just to push forward with the higher demand of resources/power. If that sounds intriguing and you can handle the blocky world, this game may just be that gem in your inventory."
,Recommended,254200,18992985,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Nialscorva,Awesome game about automation and building systems.  Extremely engaged developers with a strong vision and far better than the old negative reviews indicate.
,Recommended,254200,9930739,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ZanyScum,"Update: Version: Patch 72 years later I am playing again and just have to change my review.This is now a really good game. You harvest, you have technoglogy and there is so much to do, I have yet no idea what IS the endgame.The settings for survival make it so, that you really can play 10 hours and are just starting to play this game.You gather resources to get more resources, that is still true. But now you get so much info in game, you really don't need a wiki or forum for a long time.You get a super cool elevator, so you don't have to walk all the way up and down.Everything is simple to use but but you have to think about it how to use it best.The game is just pure fun.I was always looking for a Tekkit-Lite (MineCraft mod with technology) alternative. This might just be it.I love it, that the destroying of blocks is so easy, that the building is so easy, that you have no ""realistic"" ground where you always fight to get it nice looking. Here you work with cubes in MineCraft size, the difference is, everything is fast and looks good and there is so much to do.What I saw and what makes me wanne play a lot more but I  don't have the resources for it yet:- Defense turrets- Spiders- Threat scanner- Power storage- [...] (I have researched not much yet)And this is just the beginning. This game is now so good.If you like MineCraft-like games, then this is a must have.Really, this is not anymore a nice-to-have, this is a must have!------------------------------------------------------------ old -------------------------------------------------------------------old: version 1.80dMine to be able to mine moreFortressCraft Evolved is a nice game.I did for sure not see everything about it, but I tried survival, did many things the wrong way,got LOTS of help in the forum (1 troll, but lots of nice helpful guys) and had lots of fun and frustation.I have to say, the frustration came from me reading the guide, which is a kind of tutorial, wrongly.I was just to stupid to understand the guide correctly.Nevertheless, that WAS my experience and it WAS frustrating.You are in a cold environment and your armor can only keep you a living being if you give it energy.That is easy enough, because you have a starting base.Then you start to gather ores to smelt them into ingots to create thingies which help you to gather more ore.That is it, it seems, for now.In the internal version (like betas for other games, via Properties-beta) you can get a newer, perhaps less stable version of the game with more features and bug fixes and new bugs.Perhaps the game has a target, perhaps you can have lots of fun, but I did not come to that point.This is an alpha version.And it is currently already fun to play.Building is REALLY fun!The game is easy to play, you can have some fun.I really hope for it to get ""faster"" or just telling a new user like me better, why he should bother to gather more ores to be able to create machine which allow him to gather more ores.But currently it is just not enough to keep me playing.I will for sure start it from time to time, because it is even in the alpha state fun to play it a bit.But it is for me no 24/7 game. By far not.If you are bored with your current open world building, mining, crafting game, give this one a try.It is not yet very good, but already good enough to be fun for minecraft fans."
,Recommended,254200,19373468,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bash Brisecul,"Saw this title go from Mixed to Mostly Positive in about one day. This it the devs baby, and it shows with the amount of love it gets. If you're a fan of Minecraft and Factorio, this is, well, Minecraft and Factorio. Dig greedy, dig deep."
,Recommended,254200,28842862,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ja-senpai,"although the arguments about a lack of certain improvements and the amount of issues the game are true, I find this a very enjoyable game, especially with multiplayer survival. There is plenty to do and many ways to do it. recommend this game even at full price. and support the dev!"
,Recommended,254200,18976943,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,lethern,"Minecraft with machinery, improvements, many stuff to discover and build.That can even grow up to.. tower defense? Yayhttp://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/391045911813749636/7B2CB4233CB10C1D5C83037224C8E596D2A6A98F/(in details: good assist in digging and building, few tiers to research. Build machinery to do the hard jobs: dig, store, transport, shoot, up to big machine fortress)"
,Recommended,254200,20302188,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Brok3n,Love the game..... It's always exciting to get a game that you actually have to work through a serious tech tree to make progress.  I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge.-Brok3n
76561197975569523,Not Recommended,254200,25579662,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,CrustyCadaver,"PROS-Has a good chain of progression, so you can't just build the best stuff right away.-There is always something to do, usually a long list of things.-If you like building complex logistic networks of machines, you'll like it. It's funner than it sounds.-Spiderbot is awesome, buggy, but awesome.-The ""Build to"" function is incredibly usefulCONS-If you don't like building complex logistic networks of machines, you'll probably hate it.-It locks up a lot and needs to be restarted.  This happens at least once an hour.-AI is really stupid.-Lots of clipping issues.-There is no pause, so if your base is under heavy attack and you need to go to the bathroom, you can't pause the game.  You have to exit the game completely.-Help file doesn't give you nearly enough information.-Inventory sort by type option makes no sense at all.  If I sort by TYPE, I would expect all of my ores to group together, all of my bug parts to group together, all of my machines to group together, but it just seems like the sorting is very random.-The organization of the crafting menu is very odd. It desperately needs a search feature.-As you progress, the game gets buggier and buggier until large chunks of the level just won't load at all no matter how long you wait.  At this point the game becomes unplayable, which is really frustrating since I was getting close to beating the game.OVERALL IMPRESSION-Overall I really enjoy the game, however I wouldn't recommend buying it until the bugs are fixed.REQUESTS-I would like to see hostile monsters in the underground caverns to make exploration more exciting.-Lower the volume of the power storage cubes by at least 50%. That constant hum gets annoying after a while.-Make the smaller enemies attack you if you get near them.-Make it so you can delete the ship wreckage, maybe with the level 2 build gun."
76561198018195133,Recommended,254200,15905211,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,torrentula81,"This game gets regular updates but man does it take forever. You might as well check in every 3 months to see a few new things added. What they do add is nice but once you have played the game, content isn't being added in fast enough to keep playing.Right now it's1 collect resources2 automate resources3 make more efficient resource collection4 wonder what was the point because you don't actually do anything with it in the end.Overall a good game, worth a buy, but it's a play and forget kinda game."
,Recommended,254200,19795030,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[VG] ERROR_TK,"""this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; I thought to myself after standing around being confused for about 10 minutes. but after watching a couple videos and getting familiar with the controls I found this game to be rather enjoyable. If you like building automated factory lines and exploration you will love this game."
76561198012061129,Recommended,254200,26330251,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,pHredric,"This game isn't for everyone, that's a fact.The game is mostly about resource gathering, processing said resources and the infrastructure between. The game is slowpaced, it WILL take time before you have everything set up as you like it and even then you are very likely to rebuild it later as you figure out better ways to do things. It will require quite a bit of thinking ahead and possibly a few world restarts once you reach a point in your current world where rebuilding everything is just too much of a hassle.Each restart will be much easier than the last though as you learn more tricks. What took you 2 hours before, may now take 30 min and when you have played for quite a while not even that long. The time it takes to do stuff is usually down to player skill, be patient and you will get a lot from it.If you do decide to stick around for the first 10 hours, you are very likely to play at least a 100, and that is without the DLC Frozen Factory (have a look at the positive reviews, most have well over a hundred hours play and still haven't run out of content). For 13 euros this game is definitly a bargain.A common complaint about this game is that it feels like Early Access with all the updates. Do note that the game has had a working end goal for well over a year and hence can be considered complete. The larger part of each update is also available for free, no paywall here unless you've already spent said 100 hours and want at least 50 more. There are a few bugs, but hey, you just spent a dinner for two and the bugs will disappear at the end of the month.And lastly as I said this game may turn you off quite quickly, please have a look at lets plays before you consider buying and if you do, you won't regret it."
76561198008592149,Not Recommended,254200,22093369,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,aceman1012003,"Wow, where to begin with this game. Let me first start with my opinion. I love this game. However, I can not recomend it as of yet. I spent 24 hours of game time as of the time I've written this, and I still don't really have a clue what's going on. It's advertised as a tower defense mincraft clone, but I've never played minecraft, so I'm not really sure if it is. I really like the idea of having to dig to find minerals, the blocks you can remove, the things you can research, but I don't like having to search outside the game or go through a million other steps to get a general idea of what I should be doing.Let's start off with the 10 second tutorial. It sucks so bad, after the first time I booted the game up and watched the unskippable (in this day and age, really?!) opening scene, I had no real idea of what to do or how. Sure, there is a help menu that gradually fills up with more information as you need it, but isn't the point of the tutorial to teach you what you need to know? There's no real explination of day or night, no real explination of what you can craft, and nothing tells you what you're research unlocks until you've already researched it.Now the community is great, and all the answers can be found someplace, but to me, that takes time away from the game. It's advertised as a tower defense, but it's more like a base defense, eventually. I'm not going to get into the nitty gritty, but this game needs a ton of polish before I can actually recommend it to anyone. The learning curve is HUGE in this game, and I'm still finding things out the more I play, but if that's your thing, feel free.Update: With the new patch that came out, I truly do love this game more. I still can't recommend it though until it does some serious polishing. No game ever should keep basic things away from the player, and that level of transparency is exactly what this games lacks. It's also unbelievably slow. I've been playing for days and there are still things that are hidden from me and I have no idea what they do until I actually spend the 5-6 hours unlocking it. As a player, it's truly the only reason I keep this game thumbs down.Update 2: Got back into the game and tried some new things. Things ran smoother since I now know more, but the game still has so much information withheld from the player, even after 100+ hours I still haven't tried everything. It's simply too time consuming to be fun anymore and with the recent patch, there seems to be even more steps and buildings to build to do what you were able to do before without those steps and buildings. I haven't ever had the chance to charge the beacon and win the game even once. This game is dead to me, and I will not change my stance on it."
76561198015037026,Recommended,254200,23933893,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Skipper Goose,"Very deep crafting and logistic system. Overall well thought out progression and balance system, but there are lulls at times.UI/polish needs work and interaction with hoppers is unintuitive."
,Recommended,254200,8825340,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Yurek,"It's a good game for the price. It scratches the itch of a building game.However, it has a lot of bugs a glitches, has no tutorial at all, and most of the features that make it really cool are difficult to figure out and find. It's almost as if they don't want you to know how to do some things.I don't understand how it has been in development for so long and yet seems to be worse than the xbox version.I know most people will say ""it's not finished"" but I purchased it on xbox years ago and it's not any better now so I think it's safe to say this is all you're getting. It's not a whole lot, it's confusing and buggy, but still a good building game for the price."
76561197970836449,Recommended,254200,18692243,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,sbryan1,"After 150+ hours I think I can say : this is a great game! I am a veteran of Minecraft, FTB, MITE and various other custom maps and challenges particularly in survival mode. FCE is similar, but different, to all of these and is centered around your base. You get most of the tools you need from the beginning, and from there it is up to you to build your base around the ore you find, and to automate it. Automation is really cool - you can do things the hard way, yourself, or build a conveyer belt and laser power and it does it all for you! You can just stand there and watch it go, and I often do! After a while you will have to deal with mobs too, so base defences come into play. There is a tech-tree for you to discover which unlocks a lot more of the game, and the ""limits"" are not what you are used to - there is no bedrock, you can just keep going and going. Super-dig and build-to-me features are ""wow"" as is the x-ray vision mode, grappling hook and jetpack.You might think that after all those hours I have done everything there is to do in this game. Well, I have played out a few worlds but no, I still have plenty of things I want to try.Even though there is Witcher III and Fallout 4 (coming), I'm already calling this my ""game of the year"". Stick with it and you will find it great fun. Sure, it is still in ""early access"" but this is already better than a lot of fully released games. What are you waiting for? get it now!ps. I am in no way affiliated with the devs, I am purely a player."
76561198031441716,Recommended,254200,17654138,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[NOPE] Sigvar,"This game is HUGE!!!The evironments are massive! If you can explore a whole map then you are not human.Survival mode is a challenge.When you get into this game you run the risk of addiction. Cave after cave call to you to just take a quick look, only to find another cave, another look. You will have to build up your equipment so you can travel further, deeper, longer To find more and more of value to support your growing need to expand and upgrade.I highly recommend this game!Edit:A year later and the game has only gotten bigger and even more involved. The developer is very active. Live streams on Youtube as the developer works on the game with input/participation by the users. This game just gets better and better. You couldn't spend a better $12.99 on a game."
,Recommended,254200,18037512,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,xxApvxx,"Weather you are a minecraft fan or not this game is alot of fun. I personally really enjoy the concept of having a base and a power supply to manage. Beyond that the mobs are really cool, and the crafting system works great especially for automation. The more I play the more I learn and the more fun I am having. Really looking forward to playing this game for a long time to come."
76561197969700844,Recommended,254200,19516346,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jarii246,"If you think this is a Minecraft clone, you are sorely mistaken. Though the properties are similar, there is more to this game than it seems."
76561198089861498,Recommended,254200,17820491,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Somon,"If you've played (or are familiar with) Factorio, then Fortresscraft is your kind of game: Only this time you can dig down to the center of the planet (literally) to gather the ores you need.The Dev seems to be working on this game 24/7 since some updates/bugfixes are happening on almost a daily basis.There are still things that need further polish though, but even in its current state I've had a lot of fun so far building conveyor belts, exploring caves to locate ores, makeing sure my base had enough power while slowly digging down deeper and deeper .."
,Recommended,254200,19045514,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Parthon,"I played this game for 10 hours, then I got a bit lost so I started over.I played this game for 20 hours, then I got busy and had to stop; when I came back to it I forgot where I was, so I started over.I played this game for 15 hours, then a new content patch came out, so I started over.I played this game for 15 hours, and it's still as awesome as the first time I played it."
76561198086007218,Recommended,254200,18977335,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,HandoftheFallen,"this game just sucks you in and makes you want to keep playing. Honestly I hope the dev adds so much more, especially with space/orbit stuff. If I had any capability to do so I would put as much money in as possible to help make this game even better and help the dev in any way"
,Recommended,254200,26366234,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,schmerz,"One week after purchase, 115 hours of gameplay. This is my life now.  Enough said."
,Recommended,254200,29614112,Posted: 31 January,all,Spooky Hands Jim,It's more of a 3D factorio and less of a minecraft game... actually pretty fun
,Recommended,254200,17631361,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,FordGT90Concept,"Like Minecraft with massive resource deposits and automation.  Beware that it takes some serious time commitment to get that automation up and running but when you do, it is a beautiful thing."
,Not Recommended,254200,22868995,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,metasynthetic,"Slow, tedious, not worth your time.Does the idea of taking 6+ hours to achive even basic automation which you could accomplish in Factorio or modded Minecraft in under 30 minutes appeal to you? How about 2 hours to be able to safely explore away from your base for more than 5 minutes at a time? And that's in what this game calls easy mode - ""Casual"" mode it literally say is for people with jobs and families. (Who is the target audience, then?)Every upgrade and machine will cost more resources than it should, and perform below expectations. The game's basic generator can only function in the shallowest biomes (not enough oxygen deeper apparently), and even then it will decline to near 0% efficiency before you reach the next layer. Said layer will freeze you to death in under a minute until you build a suit upgrade... using ore from the layer below it. Everything about the gameplay feels like it's punishing the player.Apart from the mindbogglingly slow gameplay: The graphics are generally unappealing - it tries 'realistic' textures which don't look good in voxel games in my opinion, but I will acknowledge that's subjective. The surface is ugly as sin - you will never go exploring looking for a pretty place to build an outpost, because none exist. The 3d models are passable for an indie game. Animation is barebones.The sound design is decent, the effects get the job done, some of the (brief and intermittent) background music is nice.I didn't notice any bugs whatsoever, so good job on that.Much of the flavor text in item descriptions includes the author's attempts at forced humor, which I found grating.I actively played this game for about 15 hours, with several more afk idling while waiting for automation to process materials. I did my best to give this game a chance, I kept waiting for it to become fun, and it just never did.If you're one of those GregTech-type masochists out there, you might enjoy this. (I don't understand that either, but to each their own.) Anyone else, avoid."
,Not Recommended,254200,13375670,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Brodaty,"No.Just no.- Devs (I think there's only one dev - Adam Sawkins)are making FortressCraft since approx 2 years. We can see that on their Youtube channel, FC videos are 2 years old or more. After this long time FortressCraft is still in early access with lack of most interesting features. I'm wondering why this game development is so slow when the original FortressCraft was sold and earned milions $... Or maybe they lied about FortressCraft success?- Game is still in early pre-alpha version where we have ONE world that looks similar every time we want to create it again, why to the♥♥♥♥♥♥there's always snowy biome?! Every new game starts in the same way, the same world, the same origin.- Lack of block, there are maybe 40 blocks in whole game-The original FortressCraft was one of the best-selling Indie games of all time.Maybe it was... but this one will be dead soon, only 300 reviews in one year. 100 of them are negative. People are not intrested in making ripoff of ripoff again.- Unique survival mode based on... well... nothing, because there's nothing hard to do. You as player, you are not forced to defend yourself using weapons, walls, shields, cannons or something. Game isn't challenging. The main difference between survival and creative is simple - there's no flying mode and you have to craft stuff. That's all.- You can achieve all avaible stuff in this game in just one day- There's nothing much to do, devs should play Factorio for some days and look how factory-based game should work- There's no in game tutorial which could teach new players how to play this game, there's just some info what cartain block is doing, without example."
76561197995142404,Recommended,254200,26009310,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sarxis,"This has everything that I loved about Minecraft, and so, so much more!   All of the mining, building, and challenge multipliied times one hundred, with a sci-fi veneer.A slight learning curve, but if you really like the building and mining aspect of the great survival games, then this game is for you!"
76561198023977962,Recommended,254200,28907983,Posted: 1 January,all,Lingbao,"At first I was lost and didn't know what to do. I couldn not even automate single things, like tin and copper extraction. But Then I read a bunch of tutorials and watched some playthroughs of other people playing. After I understood the basiscs of the game it became really enjoyable. I now know how to automate basic resource extraction. Time to learn the rest of the game. It is very fun to learn."
76561198036042834,Recommended,254200,29084482,Posted: 7 January,all,Yoshitsuna,"The game is great, runs smoothly and is updated regularly.It's a cross between minecraft, factorio and a tower defence. You will spend tens of hours exploring the world to find ore to mine and creating all the infrastructure to bring it back to your base and process it into usefull stuff.Pro:- hundred of hours of gameplay- good variety of transport system (for the materials, not you) with good set of rules allowing you to make complex automated production line- multiplayer works fine and if you have a few friends who like this type of game a dedicated server is a blast.- the developpers are very present on the discussion page of steam and the comunity is very welcoming.Con:- the tutorial is very basic and can leave many player confused on how the game works but after a few hours it will all make sense ( press ""h"" for the help menu and look for the starting guide for all the commands)- some bugs but not often and nothing gamebreaking, usually restarting the game fixes everything."
76561198037347892,Recommended,254200,29100272,Posted: 7 January,all,chuck,"Game is great. It has all the things that i like bundled into one game. Factory like production, defense, survival, openness, plus random generation."
76561198015235219,Recommended,254200,29617121,Posted: 31 January,all,bogie13,"A fantastic game if you like building huge systems and machines. Worth every penny if you're a fan of games like Minecraft, Factorio, Cities:Skylines, etc."
,Recommended,254200,34359575,Posted: 19 August,all,H2ODestroyer,"I do love this game and have spent countless hours, developing the best conveyor systems and finding the best ways to combine the machines. But I must agree with some of the other reviews, that the engine is terrible and causes FPs drops and weird missing objects in the world. Also the start for beginners can be confusing (I was confused as well when I started the game) and there has not been significant progress in the development of the game lately. I know the creator had an accident, but if a game feels unfinished and (for a longer period of time) doesn’t see any development, it soon starts to fade into vacuity. That would be a shame for a game with that much potential.It is a great game in which you can spent countless hours, but it has flaws that need to be fixed."
,Recommended,254200,28337869,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,KirkWS,"Ok, I love this game, it has great gameplay and a steady preogression all of the way to the end.  I am on the fence about recommending it because of how buggy it is, which I will explain later.The Good:Gameplay consists of a voxel based mining simulator with base defense elements. There is a heavy emphasis on automation with mining rigs doing nearly all of the mining.  If you are smart, it shows in the machines and networks you build. You can build incredibly complex machines to do things like assembling rockets and feeding them into your rocket launcher, or you can build the rockets and hand feed each turret's hopper.  FC inspires you to be creative out of necessity.  I bought the expansion pack three hours into the base game, 117 hours and I'm just at the front door to the expansion pack.The Bad:If you aren't smart, this is going to be a really hard game.  Some things aren't intutive and are missing, like more of things sometimes/always going north from a hopper or energy source but no big compass. Which means that some configurations only work when the machine faces a certain direction. I would also expect at least one entire base and save file to be lost due to god know what becausebugs@fortresscraft.comdidn't respond at all to my email. You will lose so much progress.  Don't make any huge works of art.  I found a way to get items from my broken base's save file so I could finish my review.  Also, you can only kill 3 types of enemies with your gun. Using your gun is a hassle. The grappling hook is so cumbersome and frustrating to use, because of how you get caught on things and dropped (down a mine shaft).  Also the BFL is completely broken or has unlisted usage requirements. And the Laser Borer kills you even when it is turned off.The verdict: Get it, there are bugs. Lots of bugs. The base I lost was a one refinery, two turbine dump.  The base I have by end game has 7 refineries and two towers of turbines. (It also has hedge mazes and a cabin.  Because it takes 30-40 minutes for the end of game weapon to charge and you have to fire it 4 times minimum to beat the base game.) In the end, the gameplay is solid. 90% of it is trying ot figure out why something isn't working. Is it the supply line? is the ore exhausted?"
76561198043268694,Recommended,254200,21598993,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Nedrith,"<new review because things have changed heavily in 2 years>Highly, Highly recommended game especially if you enjoyed modded minecraft and/or Factorio.  Why?  Becauase this takes the best of both of them and puts it into a really nice game.  Developed by a really great guy who is both always improving the game and always listening and responding to comments.Since my last review on march, 2015 it would take too long to list all the items that were added.  Even since the first paid expansion, Frozen Factory, was released it would take too long to list all the things that were added to the base game for NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE.   This is free content that doesn't even require the DLC that was released after the DLC.  The entire tutorial system has been changed, a new robotics system is being worked on, induction chargers ect.  Just to give a little idea of how much the game has changed, there has been 14 content patches since my review(16 since exiting early access) each giving new quality of life features, new machines, new mechanics along with a major expansion.  Each patch has a public beta that updates every day or every few days with balance changes, bug fixes, ect.It is a game that can take as little or as long as you like.  On the easiest settings a 50 hour game is possible.  on the hardest settings alone, you are probably looking more to 200-400 hours even more with the expansion.It's a game where you can design things as simply or as complex as you like.  You can for the most part play it however you like.  Don't want to setup complex automation, it's possible to do everything without using some of the advanced stuff.  Might not be as efficient but still possible.Without a doubt if you like automating stuff, if you like to add some base defense to that automation, and if you like the thrill of going up a 400m mineshaft using a grappling hook at high speeds this is the game for you.  It's a game where in the 50-200h of playing you can always find something to do!<old review follows>Let's start by saying that this game is still being heavily developed despite being out of early access.   Some of the newer stuff doesn't have icons but besides that the game is basically 100% completable in what constitutes a pretty decent end-game that can take 50-100+ hours to get to, with additional difficulty settings for pretty good replayability.The game does a good job of combining a minecraft style sandbox with tower defense.  It takes some of the slow and annoying parts of minecraft and removes it and gives the player a lot of tools to assist them with common tasks such as building.  building 50 blocks in a straight line in survival mode is very convienent, not to mention no wait on breaking a block and protection mode from breaking multiblocks.  The grappling hook is quite fun to use and makes grappling up a verticle mining tunnel a lot of fun.  On my 4 year old computer the game runs smoothly even with a lot of stuff going on.Overall when buying this game remember some developers wait until they have everything that they can possibly do to the game done with before exiting early access, this allows them to make excuses for whatever bugs are in the game.  This developer has done a great job at leaving early access and releasing a very stable main build along with a constantly updated bleeding edge build.  The game might not be as complete as some other games that have exited early access, but it is stable, there is a lot of fun things to do, and my biggest complaint about the game is that $12 is just way too cheap.  I would of gladly paid $20-$30 for it possibly $40"
,Recommended,254200,17682475,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cr0ss0vr,"Loving singleplayer survival aspects of the game, great concepts, great gameplay.Multiplayer with friends with decent internet is totally fine (even though it may take maybe 0.3 seconds to get a player position update) but nothing too extreme, you can still tell where people are and what they're up to. Just need a bunch of people that actually want to spend time building a base\factory thing :(Never really did much with creative, so i cant comment on that...Multiplayer's backend could do with some work... I mean, it works fine but not with people with absurdly bad net. I'm not really sure what can be done though, not even the RightShift + F3 option works for him, which sets the update packets extremely low. Im sure this is just a problem with his net, but other games with procedural gen work alright..."
,Recommended,254200,17683886,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheWired,"What a game it works well but... it is a very complex and unfinished game.now don't get me wrong most of the gameplay is done, but there are a few bugs and most of the documentation needs to get done. and trust me, the documentation is always the last thing you tend to do. it can change and become outdated rather fast, so why would you write something about how something works oneday then change it the next?needless to say the game is fun and adicting. it is right up my ally and i really wish this was a total conversion mod for minecraft... but it is not, and i don't really care.for the most part the temerature mechanic is broken. it is not very realistic, and i can't see temps going from 100 degrees celcious to -5. granted it is not unlikely, as a fire in the dead of winter kinda works that way, but you can still feel the heat from a few feet way. then with enclosed spaces, especially underground that heat retains and continues. so if you have a heat source you undergound it should heat better than out in the open, i don't see this happening. it seems that the code does not diferenciate between materials and how enclosed something is. i built a building heated it, and the differance of temperatures was not really that great from when it was not enclosed.then there are the graphics issues. i want less bloomnow i may sound like i am ratting on it, but i really do like the game, I recommend you give it a try especially is you play minecrat the way i do, with the goal of automatinge EVERYTHING."
,Recommended,254200,17690392,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,redgolpe,"This game made an incredible jump forward with the latest patches and it's now basically finished: I suggest you ignore comments posted before middle August. The game has incredible depth, it plays a lot like Minecraft but its main focus is on automation so if you used to install 240 different industry mods on Minecraft, this might be just the game for you."
,Recommended,254200,18355697,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Marquiz,"Bad news - if you came here for a minecraft clone you migh want to turn around.  Good news - this game has much more to offer that you might thing after first few hours of gameplay. You will struggle at first and than have a lot of fun especialy with your friends. It's all about automation. Even more than about building your base.Almost infinite world (1 lightyear?!?!), fantastic performance, multiblock machines, quarry, robo-arms, conveyor belts, laser power transfer system, jet turbines... if all that makes you think ""oh yes!"" than this is a game for you.It's being updated up to few times a day (bleeding_edge version of the game) and there is a tone of new features planed down the pipeline.Another thing worth mentioning is developer. He is very active on a forum and if you want something to be change, something doesn't work or you have an idea that might be interesting go to forum and give your feedback."
,Recommended,254200,25622773,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GeneralXTL,I loved Factorio and i REALLY love this game. Can't put it down. Im more than 30 hours in and still feel like im at the very early stages of the game. Lots more to do and enemies to kill.If you like automation and base building this is the game for you.
76561198110042524,Recommended,254200,20692652,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,a Crazed Wizard,"I love this game.Minecraft style world filled with factory building, power building, laser power routing, base defending, and ore collecting/smelting .10/10Reliable developer, makes on average 20 updates every month. I usually check every 2 days to see whats new. New machine blocks, new weapons, new systems, new additions to old machine blocks, truly meaningful updates.No micro transactions, no BS, just a real game.If you have any interest in this style game, buy it already."
76561198007299358,Recommended,254200,30843106,Posted: 30 March,all,Ithnann,"Thought I would finally write a review.  The game is awesome, but if you are looking for a quick experience where you can play for 15 minutes and get some good loot this is not the game for you.  The game can be boring for the first few hours as you get your base set up and start getting resources in. So if you are writing a bad review with less than 2 hours in the game because you wanted to make sure you could get a refund within steams limit you are missing out.  Sure the game is not polished yet but content and updates are constatntly being added.  I had my doubts when I first started as well and it took me more than .4 - 2 hours to get hooked but as you can see with my time spent in game I have gotten my moneys worth."
76561198076186894,Recommended,254200,16248604,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,mccj2002,"fortress craft is intersting. there is a lot of playing around with power, ore gathering, building, temperature change and stuff. they give you a few basic machines and torches, so you can easlily last if you prioritize. upadates are kinda slow, but they are getting quicker, although i think they should have made a ton of updates long ago.pros:- in-game help guide for noobs-changing of temperature, power usage, power gain, etc.-lots-o-machines-exploring in caves is a must, or you wont get far.-upgrades!-easy-to-use power exchange sytem.cons:-only 1 way to die-no hostiles-no health-no challenge really-upadates are hard to come byyou try it out for yourself. if there was a neutral button, i would have been pressing it"
,Not Recommended,254200,32034305,Posted: 28 May,all,Cyrus,"Not sure whats gone on hre, but its not the game I put over 130 hours into a year or two ago."
,Recommended,254200,17705517,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Twoshrubs,"Wow.. What a cracking game this is!I was abit unsure as I have burnt out playing modded minecraft over the years with my son (Aye, I'm a mature gamer). This game is not like minecraft, it takes abit of getting used too when you first start out. It took a few resets and a couple of videos to figure things out.I started off on Normal difficulty instead of easy and you really need to work to keep everything going at the start. The game keeps you busy as there is always something to do but even when things start getting automated you still find yourself running around like a loon on the next project.I love building up my automation really slowly and planning thing out, this game allows you to do that.. even tho I am a real life automation engineer :DPlayed a good 20hrs atm and have no regrets about spending that time with this game... loving it!"
76561198129037979,Recommended,254200,15423957,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,jerimie.b,"Very interesting game. I can't wait to see where they progress with it. I still love Minecraft, but this is nice for a change. I dug 6023 blocks deep before the heat killed me. I wonder how much further the core is? Looking forward to next update."
,Recommended,254200,17840121,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Suvaril,"So far I've quite enjoyed this game. It's kind of like minecraft with tekkit/buildcraft type machines, but with a focus on creating vast automated mining operations. it's not completely polished yet, but it's got a lot to offer. I'm glad I found this gem."
76561198035537734,Recommended,254200,31004640,Posted: 7 April,all,Bäume,"Basically Minecraft with techmods without all the weirdness that comes from Minecraft with techmods (pickaxe into nuclear reactor, what?).It is very addicting to automate everything, but this is not all. This game has also tower defense elements, as you have to protect your base and certain buildings from regular waves of enemies with turrets and proper logistics, to keep them working.Sadly the game also has some drawbacks. Especially the depth of the map is annoying. Just getting from T1 to T2 ores needs you to dig hundreds of blocks down which also means you then have to create ways to transport energy down, ressources up and a way for yourself to get fast up and down. And this game has actually four tiers. There are ways to make this easier, but those arrive quite late (e. g. a quarry that digs a 3x3 shaft down so you can immediately use a elevator).Also the tech tree is quite weird at times. For example, it takes hours till you are able to use mincarts and when you have them, you simply don't need them anymore.The game has also some technical issues. The UI is ugly as hell (and feels like it is done for a tiny resolution) and the draw distance is quite low. Also items on conveors are invisible regulary.Other than that it is a fine game if you like fiddling around with machines and automation. It is better than Minecraft with mods in that area."
76561198092496411,Recommended,254200,17972792,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Aparantis,"(This is a long description, skip to the pros and cons below if you don't want to spend much time on my review)My initial impression of the game wasn't great, which was largely thanks to the greatest difference between stable and beta branches in a game I've ever seen.   Once I opted into the beta, and selected some easier difficulty options, I found a game that was somewhat similar to some of the tech mods for minecraft, but with far more depth and coherence.   But this game, unlike minecraft, or most other mining games for that matter, requires you to build infrastructure that mines and processes for you, rather than you mining yourself.   The early mining process requires you to locate a sutible ore vein, plop down a ore extracter on it, stick a storage hopper on it, and dump a bunch of power into it, and leave it for about 10 minuites before coming back, recharging it, and taking the ore to refine.However, every step of that process is automatable, from the very start of the game.   Progression gives you faster, more efficient ways to mine, and automate the mining devices, while encouraging you to dig deeper to get access to more valuable ores, to research and build more advanced and effective machines.Pros-Advancing tech keeps you building and modifying structures-Tower defense aspect adds mid and end game goals-Scanning and visual tools lets you quickly plan out the most efficent way to set up and debug structures-All the information needed to progress can be found in game, no immersion breaking forum trips needed-Large difficulty range-Multiplayer (Still buggy, will likely be improving with time)-EXPLOSIVES that you can make as powerful as you have power for (maybe not so great in multiplayer)Cons-Not much in the way of a wiki to look up information for optimizing setups, particularly base defense-Single threaded- hard to run unless your computer has relatively good single thread performance (I have an AMD 3.7 GHz processor, and I have to run it on a lower graphics setting to avoid framerate drops)-Mob difficulty tends to get grouped- if you want things to fight back, you also have to deal with ore eating mobs that spawn on your conveyers.-Falling too fast kills you, makes it somewhat hard to go down mineshafts, you have to spend a fair amount of time building and navigating stairwells or platforms-Some dead spots while waiting for materials to be mined or refined"
76561198035033892,Recommended,254200,18868488,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Shadow,"This is not your friends Minecraft clone, It is so much more!In Survival mode, this game is about exploration, research and resource processing and automation.For such a small team there is an incredible amount of content.The game is always being improved and enhanced.The Devs teams reads the forums and takes feedback very seriously in regard to improving the game!If the Devs like your ideas they say so, if they think there is a reason not to make a specific change they will explain why.Very few Dev teams can say the same!"
76561198199993711,Recommended,254200,19215850,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,theinventor1012,"Excellent game, it is very similar to minecraft besides it has more features in some aspects of the game. First it has many machines, power which powers these machines, and the world is really deep. I think there is no limit as I haven't reached the bottom yet. Additionaly you can automate things like mining, and much more. Overall if you like minecraft and other games like it, you will proboly like this game as well."
,Recommended,254200,17791681,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Fostenel,"Great game if you enjoy automation and factory building!  The game focuses on pulling resources out of the ground, and automating the process.  There is also a fun base defence aspect where the threat increases depending on how big your operation is.  The game allows and encourages you to really scale things up to a massive operation with tons of defences.This is completely different game then Minecraft, but it is very similar to Minecraft with industrial and automation mods.  The key difference for me  is that it's much more cohesive and balanced then slapping tons of mods on to Minecraft."
76561198040560528,Recommended,254200,18850577,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,kuragon,"Caution:  You may forget you own other games!     I have 6 other new games (some big titles) that I bought right before seeing this one on sale.  That was a few weeks ago and I haven't even installed them.  In this game, there is always something else to explore, some cavern to go splunking in, or that next attack you need to prepare your base for.  My favorite part is the fact that this is a giant open world puzzle game that takes constant tweaking to optimize your setup.  There are some unpolished areas and annoyances but the developers are responsive and put out an impressive amount of work for the small team they have.  I can't wait to see what the next patches bring.  This game is well work the price and I have not regretted buying it.  I can't wait to see where the future takes it."
76561198025477688,Recommended,254200,28080934,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,◔◡◔,"After finally charging the OET, I feel like I can write a bit about FCE. I nearly gave it a thumbs down, but I think, overall, it deserves a recommendation. Most say it's a combination of Factorio and Minecraft, but it largely reminds me of Power Towers, a TD custom map that involved defending your base with towers that needed to be routed power from power generators. I enjoyed the grand majority of my [thus-far] 150 hours in FCE, despite ignoring the missions most of the time and playing my own [undoubtedly slower] style. Even not on sale, it's easy to get your money's worth out of FCE, with plenty to see and do. If you don't like busywork, there's plenty of tools for automation to build a base limited only by your imagination [and PC specs]. My biggest complaint is lack of polish, including user customization; for example, the music is ofttimes just whistling tones, just begging to be turned down or off [there's no setting in the options to adjust only the music volume, nor a setting to disable music all of the time - it must be switched off every time you play] - just little things like this that drive home that this is an indie game that needs some more love around the edges. Dev seems to listen to the community and continues to add content [even as DLC - which costs more than the base game?!? - it's an excellent value]. In-Game handbook and wiki seem to be incomplete/out of date, but I think there's some focus on improving this coming up [why the official wiki doesn't have info built directly from in-game data beats me]. I only ever played single player, so no comments on MP.+Gameplay+Style+Fun factor+Value-Lack of polish and easy-to-find answers-Occasional community hostilityOverall: 8.5/10tl;dr: If you like base management, defense, mining, and don't mind indie quirkiness, there's no reason to not check out FCE. You could watch for a sale price, but it's well worth the everyday price."
76561198047814876,Recommended,254200,26349170,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,thegattis,"Incredibly fun game, has a lot of features to make you always want to play just a few minutes more! Incredible that only one person made this game! Definitely would recommend 10/10. Try to buy it while it is cheap! $3.24 on sale now!"
,Recommended,254200,15512607,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,JamesJB,"First off I say to the developers drop multy play and finish survival and other stuff first. Survival is NOT finished.The game is cool,I do like building and mining.Survival is fine but there really is no point in building defences there is no monsters no danger like in survival Minecraft.The constant fear of freezing to death is very annoying,make sure to bring lots of torches if you want to explore and mine,everyone says upgrade your suit but its kinda hard when ya have to find the minerals to build the stuff to upgrade your suit. Most of the minerals are very hard to find except for the basic ores or if you do find them you don't get much of them,so its hard to upgrade your suit when the ores ya need are hard to find.The graphics are nice.Over all the game is cool but its still in early development hopefully they fix things.I reccomend this game but don't expect it to be a clone of Mincraft,feels unfinished."
,Not Recommended,254200,25878127,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Techerock,"Unfortunately I used to have a positive review for this game, but that view has changed in the recent days when I come to think that games that have great potental and then choose to only offer improvements in their game with DLC.Fortresscraft is only like 1/2 completed and you would think that this game is full release I think not. There is no Teir 4 or 5 ore useage in the base game which is a complete let down.I will not be supporting this game development further."
,Recommended,254200,22780474,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,PerfectXtreme,"If you enjoyed Minecraft or similar games, you will feel right at home here.  FortressCraft adds a lot of machine building, automation, factory design, and ""tower defense"" elements.My only complaint so far is that most of the game is underground (all the mining and exploring).  However, you have to build most of your power and automation on the surface.  This basically means you'll spend a lot of time figuring out ways to ship ore to the surface.   Not a bad thing really just got a little annoying after a while for me."
,Recommended,254200,17737337,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Rook Lubster,"Great game, with great potential, and frequent updates from the devs. Most recent update has made it for more noob-friendly. Not a finished product but still a great way to waste several days of your life, there's nothing like snaking kilometers of conveyors through caverns taller than the depth-limit on minecraft, all so you can sit back and watch your machines dutifully smelt exotic ores while you sit back and have a cup of tea."
,Recommended,254200,17752514,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,hybrid1969,This is surpisingly good fun and can be a challenge. Still in very early stages but if you can get it on a deal i totally recommend it.The only CON i would say is it can be confusing at times and you will end up on Youtube looking for playthru's for help and so it definatley needs some kind of Tutorial or fully explannation of each piece of equipment in game.
,Recommended,254200,19372586,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bibleman777,"9/10 For gameplay 100/10 for price. Game has infinite replay value and costs less base wise than most games like it by over half.Alright I started playing this game in early acces around patch 4. We are know on patch 10, beginning work on 11 soon. The game is fantastic. I found this game on the featured part of steam one day and thought, ""Hey I like modded minecraft, this might be fun."" I had never heard of games like factorio, but This game introduced me to that as well. Both of these games are similar and while  Voxel Games tend to be considered a minecraft copyright just due to popularity,  these are not that similar in gameplay. I consider this game to be much more mentally challenging than simple despite using a cube world generation (which actually makes the game much more enjoyable when compared to non-voxel games like Space engineers which does share some similarity to a vague extent with this game).The game starts you off with a nice tutorial introducing basic concepts. An ingame help entry is available for every block, machine, and item you see in the game. The game tests the players' ability to create well balanced logistics systems, mining operations using automated technology, and tower defense skills.I never understood what big meant in a voxel game till playing this one. Minecraft worlds are 256 blocks tall. This game's first cave systems is found at -256. World's currently include content that is fully implemented all the way to -2000 meters down. 10x the depth of minecraft and 100x the content. There are around 11 different resources that need to be automated and all of them come with unique challenges involving their logistical transport. some are so far down that cargo lift elevators are needed to move 1000s of items at a time from deep underground to the surface for smelting. The game takes the logistics fo factorio, the easy to grasp gameplay of minecraft, combines them into a 3d world, adds unique challenges and mobs, throws in a bit of towerdefense early game, and a VERY UNIQUE enemy later with the first DLC that adds literally the same amount of content as the base game alone. These all combine to create what has been one my favorite games of all time. It's still updated almost daily on the beta branches and a new patch adding tons of content comes to the stable mainline every month.The 800 hour reviews that don't recommend the game simply have salt with the developer who I have never had an issue with and I've given him proably 50 ideas that have been shot down with logical reasoning as to why they shouldn't or can't be implented. Love the game, love the devs, and love the cost.I honestly don't see any downsides, and the game comes with over 12 different difficulty combinations that you can use to fine-tune the challenge to your liking. 200 hours seems like a lot for a full playthrough? drop it to Casual mode and you can speed run the thing in around 40. It's not nearly as hard, but it's still extremely fun. And upon completion of the survival mode, alternative game modes are unlocked offering new challenges. There is so much content in this game and even if a few things here and there aren't everyones cup of tea, $13 is not something that anyone can complain about. Call of Duty and other AAA games offer less content for their respecitve genres, less community interaction, and most of all, MUCH less balancing of implemented features based on player feedback.Buy it. Just do it. Thank Me later. And if you honestly don't enjoy the game as much as everyone else does, then refund it and say ""I tried something new and didn't give it an awful review on YELP"" No harm, no foul."
,Recommended,254200,18033387,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,InhumanThree1,"FortressCraft Chapter 1 was the first minecraft resembling game on XBLA, in fact, it came before minecraft, and remains the most popular one. I bought this game in early access a few years ago, and it still is in early access. However, it is EXTREMELY FUN."
,Recommended,254200,29673936,Posted: 3 February,all,obetheduck,FortressCraft is a Logistic game at heart with fortress defence aspects in a 3D voxel world.   The longer I have played this game and understood the depht of design and game play the more have have enjoyed it.  It did take a while to learn the game but I believe that recent update to early game mechanic and tips would make that smoother today.
,Recommended,254200,31665994,Posted: 10 May,all,Siro,"Great game.  I'd be underselling it in trying to describe all the various things in it.  The reason for that is that the author has continued development consistently since its release in 2015, most of that released in free updates.  I think we're all a little tired of yearly releases of basically the same game from other developers.  This little gem has basically just gotten shinier as time has gone on.If you're really trying to optimize your dollars spend per hours of enjoyment, one can easily spend 100 hours attempting to complete the base game on the easiest settings.  That's quite a lot of time for a relatively cheap game.  The Frozen Factory expansion then more than doubles that amount of time with respect to the content it adds.  I've spent over 700 hours and gotten nowhere close to beating a given ""par"" time for completing a map.  I don't know of another game that can really boast that kind of play time per dollar without significantly pointless grinding."
76561198007280963,Recommended,254200,16713815,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,vergo1234,I am so glade I didn't listen to those negitive reviews. The game has been updated alot since i got this. just have to turn on bata. the machines are looking better. This just takes some time getting use to once you have the suit heater the cold is no  problem at very deep levels. It is cool that the convayers can move ore straight up the walls. I have not had meny problems with this. There is no lagg or studder as in minecraft. tools do not need replaced. the hand drill can go super long distance. this has great potential. It is a little slow going at first lots of running back and for with ore untill you have the proper equiptment.
,Recommended,254200,17703885,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,barbadicus,I'm enjoying the game so far and really like the sci-fi setting.The dev seems very involved with making a great game.Thumbs Up!
76561198158661762,Recommended,254200,17854386,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,laurean4ever,"I love this game!!!Craft, explore, think and set a layout for automating your resources extraction.Research upgrades for your tools/machines.Improve your layout, continue exploring.Defend your base!!!It's awesome!IMPORTANT: Latest updates have really improved the game!Devs are very active and committed to the game community."
76561198010514219,Recommended,254200,18564954,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,= Mike =,"I really like what you`ve done with this game, and how it´s moving forward. May it never leave early access :-)(http://www.fortresscraft.com)"
76561198018961568,Recommended,254200,33108675,Posted: 1 July,all,Recon One,This game is definitely a ton of fun IF you like base building and complex setups.  The game can be a bit slow at the start if the RNG has a bit of hate for you but all overall it does tend to deliver.  The exploration parts are tempered by the need to manage base defenses and overall accomplishments of base building.  This is NOT a game you sit down at for 20 minutes and then go do something else as getting everything running can take some considerable time.Great game and glad I got it.Overall TLDR:  I recommend this game for those who have the time to commit and enjoy base design and well as complex machine layouts.
76561198008805632,Recommended,254200,18050299,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Siklus,"I've been playing FCE for close to 150hrs now. The major plus points are an involved dev and great community.I have to say this:  It's NOT a Minecraft clone!!!Build a vast empire, fight waves of enemies. The game is as challenging as you want to make it.Buy it!"
76561198108397292,Recommended,254200,9984786,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ssmoot03,"Has potential, tells me to switch to 64bit but cant figure that out since there really is no ""options"" and it needs a tutorial somthing fierce, still recommended"
,Recommended,254200,29838945,Posted: 10 February,all,Grim Reaper,"Don't play this game if you intend to keep a personal life. It will eat your time and devour your soul. You will start dreaming about conveyors and power distribution grids. In a game where you will automate almost everything, you will start thinking what else could you automate next.It's a 1-man-team game so bear that in mind if you buy it and want to complain. Even at the full price, it's a bargain as the time spent/cost ratio is going to skyrocket. It is constantly under development with a major patch coming out each month and a testing branch to test out the newest feature before they're implemented in the main game (experimental so back up your worlds).Active forums with lots of experienced people who will help you out, no matter your problem.So stop wasting your time irl and waste it in this masterpiece of a logistics game."
,Recommended,254200,18348156,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,A+ Malware,"Pros -World is 1000 lightyears in each dimensionCons -Not big enough to make a 1:1 model of the known universeAll in all, a fun game with frequent updates and good performance, and isn't an obfuscated mass of undercooked spagetti code."
76561198031264506,Recommended,254200,34919306,Posted: 13 September,all,Rubus Cockburnianus,"This feels like someone took every working tool in his garage, polished them and put them in a box for sale.They all work. But I don't think grandma's hair dryer fit but oh well.Good game. Plentiful of content. But sometimes feels like im playing an organized mess."
,Recommended,254200,17663734,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,EVIL DR VON TACO「Bites the Dust」,"This game is fun, dont say its a minecraft knock off, minecraft was a knock off it self. This game is fun if you up for the challange, if you judge its graphics, your in the wrong place, this dosnt used java. THIS GAME IS GREAT!"
76561198018395268,Recommended,254200,10037795,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,anttih70,Excellent survival mode.
76561198011992606,Recommended,254200,18997270,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Helpless,"WARNING...This game is so addictive you won't be able to stop....seriously....For a guy who owns 100+ games on steam with over 10,000 hrs of gameplay I am pleased to announce that this is probably one of the best survival games I have ever played.....This game doesn't allow you to travel to other planets like Empyrion, it doesnt allow you to travel to the nether like minecraft and it doesnt have mobs chasing you the whole time..... This game is an INDUSTRIAL oriented game, being an engineer makes it even more fun as I plan my production plan for a certain resource. You have questions like how many extractors I need?, how many conveyer belts per resource? should I create a line of robot arms to selectively pick my ores or should I seperate the belts? What  will my production be with one smelter....how about two...how about a hundred? What would the energy requirement be? Can I fullfill it or should I tech up?....and the list just goes on....Bottom line this game is huge, with thousands of mega projects that you can endorse that can keep you entertained for hundreds of hours.......(note: I just reset my account and I play offline quite often).This game is a must buy for anyone who loves survival games or even if you want to try one....this game is the way to go.For all the guys who write hateful reviews, just ♥♥♥♥ off you minecraft lovers.......This game is for big boys.11/10 Would repel a 100+ Wasp invasion with Arthur."
76561198089057027,Recommended,254200,9980722,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,GuardianNinja12a,"I think that this game can be something amazing, as long as the producers focus on it and put effort in... i think that i could be a good game that people could enjoy playing"
76561198043623032,Recommended,254200,10057651,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,jeffrey,although lacking in some basic features and frustrating to get started with if you can get past that once you get started it is not that bad and fun for many hours
76561198080669967,Recommended,254200,18277183,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DC_DRAGON,This game is amazing with a little bit of minecraft.I SAID A LITTLE. so dont quote and say i said it's minecraft.
,Recommended,254200,10039085,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ItsJake❤#BDAY,HAVE TO GET I IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
76561198052855568,Recommended,254200,18863120,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MyProfile,I've enjoyed this as much as anything else I own.I do enjoy sandboxes and this one goes a long way and then some for its pricepoint. If you're waiting around for Space Engineers to be playable again or you have enjoyed Minecraft in the past then this will be a treat.I'm looking forward to its official release and some new DLC.
,Recommended,254200,19001960,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DrugsBunny,Great game dev needs all the support he can get been following the game for a very long time and its great who cares if its not finished is minecraft finished? Well then my point exactly just means future updates for us :D
,Recommended,254200,24354864,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Fayte,Careful. This game is crack in digital form.
76561198053564254,Recommended,254200,18806579,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,rowenabc,"Have been following this game a long time, glad to see it will be out of early access soon.  The dev team has put a ton of effort into improvements and patching, definitely a rare thing amongst folks in EA.  Thanks guys for putting all the time into the game, can't wait to see full release and beyond.Game Pros:Limitless worldBetter graphics than other voxel engine gamesSurvival/Tower Defense modeConstant patching and improvements with active devsGreat creative modeGood musicGame Cons:A bit tough on older machines"
,Recommended,254200,9788616,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,MygingerguyYT,"Lets come to this alright, This Early Access Game Has Been Around for some time now, it has changed alot, now we have multiplayer after waiting for such time now, im giving this game a 6/10."
,Recommended,254200,9320258,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,spoons,It is Minecraft on Steroids o.o
76561198038904493,Recommended,254200,9607345,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nat20,Just bought this game yesterday and before I knew it I had spent the entire day playing. I can't wait for multiplayer. Much promise with this one.
,Recommended,254200,9665961,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RagingBulk,Fun game to play survival still needs a bit of polish but otherwise very worth the money
,Recommended,254200,9659175,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ᴆᴒᴒᴍ,Has a lot of potential. Looking forward to seeing what gets done in the future. Been playing it since it first came out on the 360. It's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,254200,16278255,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,bvierra,"Excellent game, updates are done quite often and the developer listens and interacts with the community"
76561197983760168,Recommended,254200,8701091,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,steveman0,"FortressCraft Evolved as its name implies is the evolution of the original installment FortressCraft that appeared on XBLIG in April 2011.  Taking advantage of the power of a modern PC with several times more RAM and processing power compared to that of the aging console, FC:E offers a more expansive world than ever before.The game builds upon its success from the console version by offering the best creative tools available in any vox game including:Superbuild - An interface to quickly build geometric structures of thousands of blocks to save time for the detail workPaint gun - Paint select blocks using nearly any color you could dreamDetail blocks - the micro blocks of the XBLIG version have returned with even more flexibility.  Choose from 2x2 - 8x8 blocks in your detail block design to add a finer touch to your world.  The PC version allows a nearly inexhaustible collection so you'll have plenty of options to add more detail to your world.Copy and paste - Take a unique design and reproduce it to fill in your world with color or simplify a large project by reducing it to a set of duplicable pieces by copying and pasting elements of your world.Build2me - Excellent for covering roofs, building bridges, or filling in gaps build2me allows you to place an entire line of blocks from your target all the way to your current location.High graphical fidelity  - Incredible texture resolution, whole array of shaders, and a lighting engine that must be seen to be believed makes an incredible project look that much better.All of these provide the player with the tools necessary to build beautiful constructions of a scale that until now has been unimaginable in a vox game.  In this regard it is a huge step forward from the console version.  As of the time of writing this review the primary missing feature from the creative toolbox is animating the detail blocks.  This feature has yet to return but remains on the roadmap so expect it to appear before the full release.  I highly recommend checking out some of theTop ratedscreenshots to see some of the incredible things players have built already using the engine.One of the most desired elements that I had waited on with the console version was the development of a survival oriented game to make the most of the engine.  That time has finally come as the survival mode has seen its public debut and with only a few weeks of development time it already shows promise for an entertaining experience that will last many, many hours.  The player is dropped into a world where the environment itself is hostile.The early game has the player battling the cold by sustaining a supply of energy to power his high tech hazard suit to prevent freezing to death by hypothermia.  The suit also appears to be designed for heat, radiation, low oxygen levels, and toxic environments so expect to see a variety of hazards to face from the world itself.  As of the time of writing the cold is the only threat.  Although the suit can be heated up by standing on a torch there is no danger from heat yet.  It will attempt to consume energy to keep you cool however.The gameplay centers around the idea of your suit energy being your life and that venturing far from your main energy network is a great risk.  You'll spend much of your time developing a network of power distribution to your mining network which is driven by machines called extractors which collect ore from resource nodes albeit at a slow pace.  This process is slower than the player's own mining ability however it is more efficient and automated as long as you sustain the machines with energy.  Later on you gain the ability to make batteries to store power and provide it to your machines, lasers which are used to move power between batteries, a generator for burning coal to produce power, hoppers to collect the resources from the extractors, and robots to move items among the hoppers.  The end result is the complete automation of your mining operations and the ability to generate and move energy around your base of operations to keep everything alive and moving including yourself!A few other relevant bits about the mode: torches can be placed as a source of light and heat.  They serve as little beacons of safety in the harsh world.  The player is provided with a grappling hook to quickly climb from the depths as the world goes down many light years.  Surival mode currently only utilizes the first several hundred blocks down but will eventually stretch to several thousand meters underground.  The player has a handy ore/cave sensor which consumes a quarter of your suit energy but provides an indicator of the closest ore/cave from the player.  This removes some of the tedium associated with finding resources and just getting about underground.All of this is only after about a month of development.  There is already a list of planned features to expand upon the mode including suit upgrades such as increased energy storage, greater insulation from the cold, upgrades to the ore sensor to identify specific ore types, and more.  The first mob was added to the game which is a real treat.  The details of which I won't provide here as they are more fun to discover on your own. :)  He isn't much of a threat yet but I'm sure that will change as the tools necessary to combat him are added.  In the current state it takes several hours to proceed through the current tech tree and with additional features promising to fill out the game the survival mode is shaping up to be an incredibly entertaining experience that will be even more fun with friends given the natural scale of the game.It is now I should probably place a reminder here of the normal warnings of early access games.  This is an early access title so it isn't complete yet.  Among the features still missing that is probably most desirable is multiplayer.  It is on the roadmap and even in development right now.  The devs have thegame roadmapincluding multiplayer progress on their website where you can keep track of progress if you don't wish to buy in immediately.  As mentioned above the animations are not available for detail blocks and survival mode is only a month into development.  Other areas that still need work include the menus where many options are still unavailable and do not use a mouse interface yet.In the end I guess the question that matters most is: Is it worth it?  If you enjoyed the creative experience offered by the XBLIG version or are looking for a more powerful block builder than you can get with other PC titles then FC:E is already a must buy.  If the survival experience is more what you are after then the answer isn't as clear.  Although the game is progressing very quickly it is still far from complete and there are many features required to fill out the experience.  There is also a lot of bug fixing and optimization needed as so much is being thrown into the game so quickly.  If you absolutely must have the end result then it is worth buying now at the introductory rate which is said to be 40% of the final price and will increase with each major milestone.  If you still are unsure then be sure to check out the forums regularly as new patches are released multiple times a week with fixes and new content.  At the rate the game is currently moving it will be making a big name for itself in voxel gaming this year."
76561198010218518,Not Recommended,254200,16902534,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,twiigss,"UPDATE for this review: Too many things have changed that I no longer play this game.  Not only was it the mobs, but it was also not being able to use generators where we wanted to.  You can have a generator in a game to provide power, but lasers were unfortunately more favored over generators for some reason.  One day, a game will come out, that will be a factory game, no mobs, and no BS, and that is the game I am looking for.  Full automation with no interruptions.In the end, no I do not recommend this game.I have edited this review to show that I was 50/50 on my review, as a full recommendation for the game.  Now, I am 100% dead set, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME.  I have been playing the game with no mob AI and have actually been loving it.  It's a nice change from playing Minecraft all day long.What I enjoy most about the game, is the fact that you need machines to gather resources, mainly your ores, and that you can use conveyor belts to move all your materials around.  I've worked a warehouse job where it was conveyor belt city almost, and one conveyor belt at this job, took 10 minutes to get the product from the machine to me, where I had to sort it with other packages.  So the game in it's current state is pretty wild.  So I recommend it based on how it's different from Minecraft, you can build and destroy blocks from almost any range, and how its got all this factory stuff.  I believe there are mods for Minecraft for factory, but I enjoy playing this game as it offers a much different feeling and gives a different look.Recent changes however will be approaching, and this is where I am undecided on a full recommendation.  Changes will be coming that will give the mobs an AI, meaning they can drain power or screw with your machines functioning unless you plop down turrets.  To begin, alot of items to build are very expensive, and that problem needs addressed.  Another recent change to the game was how generators work.  Before, you could use generators anywhere for power.  Now, generators will only work so far underground, then you are forced to use lasers.  My laser system is getting to be pretty crazy, trying to drag down as much power as I can, and it feels like a never ending battle to even be able to keep power running.  There have been recent game code fixes to the lasers in how they operate.  I personally dislike the lasers altogether, but I'm really trying to give them a chance.The other problem that I have, is that, I would love to just be able to operate a factory, with no interruptions, but that isn't going to be added as a seperate option.  A simple option to start a new game with no mobs, cannot or will not be included.  A few people have asked for this, but all have been given a ""no this is not an option"" answer.  The way indie games are made today, community input is helpful, and when that input is actually used in the game, that's even better, and I believe that indie developers should always keep an open mind about different things they can and cannot include.  What I'm saying is, if the game Minecraft can have a no mob option, come on, it really shouldn't be that hard for you to include it as well.  But I'm not saying that it needs to be included right away.  I'm just saying, it is an option, and it shouldn't be ruled out so quickly.  Once the game gets more closer to completion, then add in the option to turn off the mobs.  Personally, I'm not looking forward to the mobs in the game, because I was hoping to just run a factory.The more you cater to your players and fans of the game, the more they will see you in a better light.  Then, mix it up a bit and change something that players wouldn't feel is too game breaking, or that on a forum, you have ideas and can go over those ideas with your playerbase.  This happens already, but that transparency is what people want nowadays, and the developers have 100% transparency with their playerbase.It's really just the no mob thing.  Never entirely rule something out if it can be a possible option added in later on.  I play Minecraft so much, that I'm getting tired of mobs.  Which is why I have so much play time with this game.  It's pretty much you building and running a factory, but then here come the mobs.It's a good game, and if you like having to use machines to get things done, then you should get it.It is still in its early stages so it will be going through many changes I'm sure.EDIT:  So I'm not really sure what stage the game is in now, but my final ruling is: NO I DO NOT SUPPORT THIS GAME, AND NO, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
76561198111792987,Recommended,254200,9725754,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,The Media Bmx,"Way better than minecraft and any other crafter type game . only problem is i want to play with friends , so hurry and fix that online , and they need to add controller support settings. and fix the return to worlds  button in the ingame pause menu but other than that an amazing game . 16/14.5 gibblets"
76561198113899227,Recommended,254200,22831233,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Spoon_fed_mouth_breather,"Intensely addicting. A fantastic game that can be accurately described as a 3D factorio with a strong mining element. Should be rated a lot higher. Look at the hours played by the people reviewing it, they average in the hundreds. You will lose time playing this game, it's that good."
,Recommended,254200,23302538,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BrandoX,"Good concept. It's fun to build massive machines and conveyor belts. Not a fan of the voxel cube looking games but this has so much more. It should still be in early access honestly, it seems a little unfinished some items do not have icons and I feel like I lost some direction and purpose at this point in time so I got a little bored, but it is a good game overall and fun to play. Tutorial still needs some work. No major game breaking bugs or issues. I will come back in a few months and hopefully by then it will have some boss mobs and more things to do. Developer is very active with the community almost every forum post I've seen has a reply from him directly. If it was just the one person aking the game then he is very talented."
76561198055515023,Not Recommended,254200,24670219,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheQuixote,"This is hesitant negative review, the game does have a lot of potential and has provided nearly a 100 hours of fun game play despite a lot of short comings. And in that sense it's a good purchase. It has fairly unique feel to it and in the beginning the open world mantra of feel your way around to figure out how things work and what your goals are is a lot of fun.In this phase you can overlook a lot of little things, odd interface for dealing with inventories, an apparent disdain for chests to the point of letting you hold 1000's of bars in your inventory. No RPG like interface to hold upgrades for your character ( which are essentially armor upgrades ) so they just sit in your general inventory. Tons of little visual and animation glitches that don't affect the game play. Some odd sound choices like your power storage ( batteries ) making a lot more noise than your generators, which leads to the odd situation where when you run out of power and your generators power up , it suddenly gets quite.But at some point all of these little things start to get harder to overlook and the game starts to change from fun to a grind that will have you leaving it running in the background while you do other things.The big problem is near the end game, the design philosophy suddenly changes from one that provides fun and rewarding game play while designing your automation systems to one of forcing you into massive grinds. You are no longer automating for the joy of designing virtual machines or because you feel rewarded for doing so, but because the game forces a lot of pain on you if you don't.In the end I don't regret getting the game, I had a lot of fun with it for a good amount of time. I do regret getting the DLC and that's about the only recommendation I can make, make sure you complete the first part of game and are ok with how it plays in the end before committing to the DLC ( although in fairness even with the cost of the DLC it was a good value )"
,Recommended,254200,21707783,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dorito Fairy,"Contrary to what people seem to think about a game with blocks, FortressCraft Evolved is in NO WAY a ""Minecraft clone"". It shares nothing in common with MC other than being voxel based.I've sank over 50 hours into FCE since purchasing it a bit over a week ago. The developer is constantly working on patches and feature updates, often streaming on twitch while he's working on them."
76561198035788799,Recommended,254200,21721460,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Rabido,"It's fantastic. Plain and simple. It's like someone played MineCraft and thought, ""Well, this is pretty fun. What else can it do?"" So they dug through mods and found Technic. Then they played that for a bit and thought, ""This, too, is pretty fun. But it wasn't really made for this...I bet I could make something like this, but better."" And so they did.Starting out can be rough, depending on your world. I tried a couple before I found one I was happy with. It will take time.The game is heavily based around automation, so you can continue to dig deeper and find new things, then automate those new things to get it all back to your base. At first, you will have to babysit things. You simply don't have the resources to get things rolling on their own for the first hour, maybe two. Watch a couple of videos on it. You'll see how others do things, you'll get a good understanding of the basics, and you'll have some ideas as to how to set your own system up. It takes a lot of time to really get a lot going on, but if building up to that isn't your cup of tea, then I might advise a different game type. There are several more mechanics at play here than in MineCraft, and pretty much any other game in this vein. It takes a lot of the concepts explored in Space Engineers, removes space, and instead focuses on mining materials and setting them up to work for you.Never played anything else quite like it. As of this writing, the devs have moved to a new engine and made several quality of life improvements. There are more updates coming, and the community that I've interacted with is outstanding. This is a prime example of an early access game taking full advantage of what gamers can bring to a development cycle."
,Recommended,254200,19035692,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,bear,"I can't recommend this game enough. It can be difficult to start out with, and some glitches end up being weird, distracting, and annoying - but it has been a long time since I've seen a game so creative, logical, well-designed, well-paced, and most of all - so well supported. The dev behind this game is an awesome guy, and he is constantly working on it. You can tell, when you start up the game.Well, back to playing."
76561198262840589,Recommended,254200,29554193,Posted: 28 January,all,DrCid,"This game is a lot of fun. It has all the things that i like bundled into one game. Automation, defense, survival, openness, plus random generation."
76561197993199041,Recommended,254200,17976419,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kelg,"If you're a fan of FTB or Technic modpacks for Minecraft you'll be right at home here, automation and machinery galore! If you like your games less complex though this may not be your cup of tea.As I strive for faster mining and processing the efficiency of production goes out of the window somewhat. Resources are plentiful though so it doesn't bother me. The CO2 emissions seem to bother the indiginous life though!I guess I'll just have to line my base with gun batteries and subjugate them :)"
76561198030735744,Recommended,254200,19257627,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,CovertGuardian,"I don't do many reviews but this quirky gem of a game has grabbed my attention.A great voxel builder. Lots of interesting systems to figure out and problem solve with.At only 30 hours in I can't speak much about the end game tower defense game.The fact that it even exists adds spice to the early game...The early game tower defense game is only required if you choose topay attention to it.  You can play hardest core where it is absolutely requiredto win every battle.  Or you can play easy ignore it and let the mobs ""kill"" youcentral core - which reboots in about 2 minutes and your are backto another hours of building...Unlike some voxel/pixel builder games, this one is about setting up a system to do the work,not grinding through the building process yourself.We build new structures, we explore, while we explore - the machines mine, refine, shape and build parts from the ore.PRO: Big world, Interesting systems, Interesting tech treeTech growth comes from an interesting combination of exploring and crafting.CON: Small team, very active development (which are pros) means thatcommunity resources like wiki's stuggle to keep up.While there is in-game help, you can only find out about topics asyou run into them, and the explanations are not complete.If you like to plan ahead you will need to scour forum postsand the guide seciton. The FAQ in the guide section is essential to understandingsome key concepts.  Other steam forum posts contain key tidbits.The lack of documentation combined with all the things you can get thesystem to do make for a steep learning curve (at 36 hours I am just gettingout of the ""early"" game.)  But puzzling out how to get what you want to happenwith all the games systems is a LOT of fun.  You have to work for your techupgrades, but they are all the more enjoyable that way."
76561198023268697,Recommended,254200,24002129,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,daddymanmeister,Excellent for those who enjoyed minecraft and factorio.
,Recommended,254200,10048513,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Crystall,I asked Jesus for FortressCraft to be on PC when I was a little boy.Thank you Jesus
,Recommended,254200,18360754,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,[BT]Havic,Early Game Play Review WarningSo if you did play minecraft and liked the Tekkit Pack you will likly enjoy this game.The only crash i get in this game is when i try to alt tab out when i am twitch streaming with OBS.Now i have been playing for around 40+ hours on a single world and still trying to get used to the research system but this is just due to current lack of wiki info... (Players need to help fix this)1. I think the game would be more enjoyable with the help context menu being full implemented.2. multiplayer is still new and not the best at sync the client to host but you can (Right Shift+ F1 to increase your Sync Speed) this does fix the problem some of the time3. Thats IT reallyI truly enjoy the casual game play and able to play with guild members.Its best with others players but still fun solo.
,Recommended,254200,10014162,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,TheGodOfSiege,"I've had a ton of fun on the Xbox 360 version before minecraft came out for it. Even though this is still lacking items, it is good to see it on the PC."
,Recommended,254200,18331885,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DraterM4E,This is an Early Access game done right.  It is constantly being patched and updated and the developer is active with the community.
,Recommended,254200,19175341,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,neddread,"A voxel based survival / sandbox game with a big emphasis on power production and power usage e.g. every action has a power cost and you must mine and forage to feed your growing power cost. Nice use of conveyor blocks so that you can build vast mining operations to feed your main base and many blocks to craft buildings and the like.Graphics are simple but not in a bad way, sfx mmmmm could be better but not a reason to complain.And there has been very regular updates and improvements (the most i've seen from an EA dev).8/10"
,Recommended,254200,19011620,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,NathanielBlack,Does not deserve mixed-reviews! Good game!
76561197999652996,Recommended,254200,20280039,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,travi24,"Minecraft and Factorio combined. I love setting up supply lines and exploring to find new materials.  Just an awesome game. Keep up the good work.If you read the negative reviews you will find they are ALL either because their computer sucks or they want the game to give them everything easy, how sad is that.If they say save your money and just buy factorio they are insane, yes some aspects are very much like factorio but the games are totally different. The major one being this game is first person and Factorio is not.Saying that your electricity goes out all the time and that causes your computer to crash and then give the game a negative review is just stupid.Bottom line. BUY THE GAME, ITS AMAZING."
76561197970659053,Recommended,254200,18723396,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Ryan Favale,For only $8.99!!!?  This is a 10/10 buy for me.I've already got my money's worth and more.Explore a voxel land and build robotic like machines to improve yourself and mining abilities to explore further across the hostile landscape.
76561197993562199,Recommended,254200,25276542,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,tickterd,"This game isn't for everyone, but oh man, if it turns out you're one of the people it IS for, then prepare to spend weeks of your life in this game.  Builders, perfectionists, architects & problem solvers - read on, this game is for you.You toil endlessly creating complex systems to do some work for you so you can go back to toiling endlessly, but with a goal to achieve.  Sounds like torture?  Skip it.  Sounds like fun?  Buy it.It's like Factorio got moved into MineCraft.  A 3D block environment where you dig and mine, but not to gather resources.  You dig and mine so that you can place down machines to gather the resources for you.  Then you build a transportation system to move those resources to your base to be turned into more machines.  So you can dig and mine deeper, to place more machines to gather more resources.  Thats the ""Craft"" piece of the game.The ""Fortress"" piece is about defending against the waves of attackers.  Fortress isn't really an apt desription, I'd say its more of a camp with a heart that you defend with craploads of guns.  Again, you don't do the defending so much as your machines do the defending for you.  Granted, the waves of attackers are a bit simplistic - very much like the waves in a tower defense game, they mindlessly hover toward the exit (in this case not an exit, but the core machine in your base).  If they reach it, they attack and you 'lose'.The game has several tiers, each reachable only by solving the previous tier; and a little bit of the tier itself that you're trying to reach.  Problematic enough to cause some frustration along with the satisfaction of having overcome that obstacle.  Several times as you try to get to the next tier, you find the machines you have access to come up a bit shy and you need to temporarily resort to doing things by hand again for the earliest parts of of 'leveling up' to the next tier.  How you go about solving it is all part of the fun, and there isn't just one right answer either.This sort of problem solving, improving and perfecting is found throughout the game.  For me, it was an everflowing cycle of frustrating problems and dopamine reward.  Like I said, it's not for everyone, but if it is for you, then easily expect triple digits of playtime next to FortressCraft on your Steam profile."
,Recommended,254200,27577642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crimson Redeemer,"I often find this game more fun and addicting than minecraft, and the size is just crazy. Can't wait to see more DLC."
76561198055179394,Recommended,254200,18981241,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Dragola901,"This game is both intersting and fun!I've only played 1.6 hrs and I can say I am drawn to this game!!!Now some pros/cons:Pros:-great graphics (compared to minecraf)-complexity (no hard but gets you thinking-Tutorial (great for new comers like me)Cons:-Freezes for a sec (once in a while)The current review (mixed 68% positive) is in my belief false and should be much higherSo if you like minecraft but want more complexity and freedom, then look no further cause FortressCraft Evolved is here!!!"
,Recommended,254200,9075217,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The Lewd Hero,Great game born on xbox evolved on pc if i could i would donate to this game and help the games development what are you waiting for stop reading my review and buy this game your creations are waiting to be evolved!
,Recommended,254200,22769782,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Lightor36,"Amazing, some people call it a Minecraft clone, but as a huge MC fan this is just better.  The detail, the machines, the automation, the power system.  You'd have to mod MC like crazy and still wouldn't come close."
76561198102522578,Recommended,254200,9061314,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,You Will Be Died!!!,"I played the first Fortress Craft for the xbox 360,  I loved it! i was hooked instantly! I got loads of friends to get the game and play with me and got them hooked also! I got Fortress Craft Evolved and I can already see it is going to become something great!"
,Recommended,254200,8653052,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,thezorch,"If you've ever wondered if the Unity3D engine can do games like Minecraft, then this game answers that question. Its a port of a game that's been on consoles for some time now, and is still a work in progess so things are going to be pretty rough. Despite its shortcomings this game has a lot of potential to be serious competition for Minecraft, which up until now has had no real competition on the PC side.There are things that need to be fixed. You still get the Creative Mode item list in Survival Mode, making it hard to determine which blocks you have available, and you cannot use the mouse in your inventory screen. In fact, you can't use the mouse in any of the interfaces for the game except for the ESC button menu while in-game. This needs to be addressed, especially for this PC port of the game.As I said, this game has massive potential, so while its not quite ready yet if you buy the game now you're helping the developers out so they can finish it that much faster. So, while its very rough as an alpha this is one worth investing in."
76561198030931209,Recommended,254200,22839518,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Ozzey,"I have been playing the game for approximately 150 hours since 2 months ago and it has all the elements of a game I like: quite addicting, balance, challenge, creativity, fun, longevity and strategy.  I still feel I'm maybe only 1/3 into the game and there's still so much more content to keep exploring in the game with all the machines, ways to use them and interoperability, it's great.There are not any noticable bugs which I have noticed and I have personally seen how the developer has dedicated his time by watching his development stream where he is creating and growing the game.  That being said, I recommend you watch it to get a feel for his passion for improving this game continuously and takes direct customers input to add content and keep rebalancing the game.  He does this because he loves his game and it sounds like it will be around for a long long time and I am tempted to become a patreon as well because the game has so much already paid for itself in pure enjoyment.That being said, if you happen to be reading any earlier reviews about bugs/etc, I would take them very lightly because they most likely have been resolved and the game is very solid.Hope you pick up the game!  Thanks DJ and keep up the great work!!!!!"
,Recommended,254200,23259145,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,vektuz,"If you like logistics games (Factorio, FTB minecraft stuff) this might be just down your alley."
76561198138660354,Recommended,254200,10385138,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,hmkagm,This game is so much fun :) its like a futeristic mine craft with all techno stuff but so much more fun.  Shame you dont get a lot of monsters at the start. ifyou like minecraft you will love this :) I cant wait for the finished product comes out and i hope they put a lot more stuff into the game like a lot more different ores and weapons.  This has great potential and i am going to keep playing it and i will write a review on each new update that we get.  Only hard thing i have found so far is that the lithieam(silver ore) is so deep in the rocks but after a few hrs of game play i found it at lvl -165 but yes i think that this will be fun i cant wait till i find the monsters. i will give this a 5/10 so far as its not completed and thats only because its not completed
76561197963427804,Recommended,254200,22811991,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,flowbot,"Great game, but only recommended if you have a couple of spare months!"
,Recommended,254200,24123012,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chayak,A surprisingly deep automation and logistics game.
76561198086261297,Recommended,254200,22852354,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Suspectations,"It's like minecraft, but without all the boring♥♥♥♥♥♥Dear lord, this game is fun. It has all of the creative potential of minecraft, but automation removes all the boring negatives like manually mining and smelting and even building block by block. Instead of wasting time on that boring nonsense, FortressCraft Evolved allows you to focus on advancing your tech, building your base, and defeating your enemies!There are tons of awesome aspects of the tech aspect of this game, with my favorite being the ability to build blocks from a specified block to your location using control-click. AFAIK, minecraft doesn't let you do this. At least, it didn't back in the day when I played it. Also, this game has a grappling hook. Let me repeat that for you. THIS GAME HAS A GRAPPLING HOOK. AND YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO UNLOCK IT. There are multiple power source types for your machine, and your enemies (bees native to the world you're stranded on) provide you with valuable building materials. There's a lot of variety in every aspect of the game: building, smelting, mining, etc.Also, this game is gorgeous for what it is. I'm running it on an intel g3258 that I haven't gotten around to overclocking yet and an AMD r9 270 and it still runs decently on high-ish settings. And it works on linux! :DThere are a lot of complaints from earlier in the game's development about the creator abandoning the project. He came back, and has been consistently releasing updates since the beginning of the year. He's a bit snarky, but he's really fun to interact with, and he actually listens to player feedback.Basically, this game is everything an indy game should be. Fun, inventive, varied, cheap, and available across all platforms. What are you waiting for?? Buy it!"
,Recommended,254200,20262508,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cellfire,Great fun to playMine tones of resourcesAutomate everythingBuild a massive baseKill heaps of aliensLots of fun with logistics. Try get the most out of everything you can!
76561198028051681,Recommended,254200,15793132,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Darth Nox,"This game is fun to play around in as you can see by my amount of hours I have logged so far. At the moment the player just has to worry about building, gathering resources, and surviving the environment. However, in the future there will be hostile mobs added to the mix along with some other interesting little things that will serve to challenge the player(s) and their survival.The Devs are pretty active in the forums with the communitite and answer our questions for the most part. They also will use ideas and thoughts we have for the game if they like them and will add them to the mainstream game if it is feasable to do so.The only down side to the game for me honestly is the lack of things to fight while playing and no defenses that work at the moment. Thought I know that will change when they get to adding these features.Overall good game with a lot more to be added as it develops."
,Recommended,254200,15795727,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,dakota200333,"Awesome game, so much better than similiar block style games. only downfall i see is the way it constantly has to load the world around you. Still new to the game but loving it so far."
76561198019161314,Recommended,254200,22152569,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Leviathan,"So i bought this game looking for a voxel that was more complicated than minecraft.  I enjoy playing something that requires a bit of OCD, creativity and structure with its playstyle.  What can be more fun than building your own defense while mining and exploring i thought to myself!  600+ hours later i still enjoy the game, starting a new world and looking for the ore to upgrade my base.  I enjoy how i can automate the entire production of items and ore.  Place things as far away as i want and transport them to where i need.  I do not really have anything bad to say about this game, specially since many of the complains that i did have are now mute since the developer pays special attention to what the supports of this game wants to see.  At the most i would like to see a veriety of different enemies instead of just wasps that fly naturally instead of their direct path.  this game easily scores an 7/10 and climbing."
76561198009590915,Recommended,254200,22170564,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kaylee,"Similar to minecraft, in that it is a block based, 1m x 1m x 1m type game. The similarities disappear shortly after that. The build gun is an amazing tool for building or removing blocks at long range and is capable of building large platforms or walls very quickly. Most of the game is based on automation of resources or manufacturing, similar to Factorio. The game play in single player seems to flow through 3 distinct types of gameplay: you start off in a survival game, fighting the elements and trying to just manage; mid-game is filled with automation of all sorts, from power generation and transport, to quarrying, refining materials you obtain, and auto-crafting items; end-game is similar to a tower defense game, fighting hordes of enemies, trying to keep them from destroying your Central Power Hub and resetting the charge on your end-game structure. I thoroughly enjoy it, and can easily say that it's worth the full price."
76561198047238791,Recommended,254200,18411474,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Vinrey Saltori,I absolutely love this game. DjAras is doing a great job and I can't wait for full release.
76561197971631503,Recommended,254200,20645097,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,CreepyD,"First up, I have 183 hours playing this game so far, it's by far my favourite block game there has been so far.If you enjoyed modding Minecraft with things like machines and power, then this is basically that done properly.For anyone thinking or expecting a Minecraft clone however - it's far far from Minecraft's gameplay.The immense fun in this game comes from building bigger and bigger..  More power required, more ore required.. More, more, MORE!  You always want and need more!  But that's a balanced gradual process and before long you have a sprawling power network powering deep mines and a massive turret network on the surface to defend against the planet's creatures' attacks which ramp up and up as you grow.It's constantly being developed (sometimes 3-4 patches a day on the bleeding edge line) and the main dev is fantastic and very active on the steam forum, always listening to and answering comments.If a bad bug is spotted it's usually fixed that day, sometimes within the hour even.  I wish all games had development this great.TL;DR..Buy it now."
,Recommended,254200,17700875,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Redmaster,"only game i know where if you try to leave, sad music plays"
,Not Recommended,254200,21868897,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lilith Nightshade,"As it is now, I can't reccomend this game. It's hard even on the 'easy' settings to do anything really. With the combonation of heat/cold, energy storage of your suit only one begginer smelter and a whole lot of things early game take way too long! It is a time sink that is in my opinion far worse than other 'builder' games. I will compare to one that most everyone should know: Minecraft.Comparing Minecraft to Fortresscraft*You can easily build multiple smelters right from the start really/ Fortresscraft you may finally unlock a basic smelter after a few hours play.*Ores are generally spawned with more of a pattern/ Fortresscraft is more luck based. Meaning it may take a few hours to even build the basics.*You already know all crafting, you just need the proper tool/ Fortresscraft you need to scan almost everything, and research it. Use the researcher to gain building rights. Making the beginning game so long and tedious.These are just a few issues I have.One could argue: Recode the recipes in the data files. I shouldn't have to. One could say use creative mode. Then I lose out on needing anything and lose on battling enemies. Plus you don't get all the energy stuff or anything. Or none that I could see.I wish there was a kind of hybrid creative/ survival mode. Kind of like how you can switch between the modes in Minecraft with commands. And the creative mode in Fortresscraft had ALL the blocks plus being able to battle enemies should you choose to.So unless you have hours to sit down and figure this game out, don't expect anything to be built quickly. As it is, I can't reccomend it. Maybe it's not for me since I don't have hours and hours to sink into it to find everything and such. Which is why I like Minecraft better. If you want something that does similar to this but qucker, Try Factorio. You can even cheat if you wish, and I don't feel cheating ruined the game for me on that as I still do a lot.It has potential. I love the idea of having a factory with belts/ transporters, and building a defensive base and all that. So I WILL check in on this game from time to time as I do like the ideas. It just needs to be a little more open I guess you could say. Allow us to do what we want, if we wish to speed things up some allow commands to do so or something. I'll keep watching it for updates and such and may update my review at a later date."
76561198009132199,Recommended,254200,18348802,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Someone,I really enjoy this game.
76561197974585237,Recommended,254200,31127183,Posted: 13 April,all,Ytt,"This is, perhaps, the most under-rated game I have ever played.To be sure, it is currently (default) configured*** to be a grind-fest, with a learning-curve steeper than what could be tolerated by a casual gamer... But here it is. An unpolished gem.*** Settings can be extensively defined on start... I am considering default for comment.I'd describe it as like the planet part of Space Engineers, crossed with Factorio.It's not for everyone, for sure... But for those that like Explorers/Builders and Tower Defense games, it would be rude not to include this in your library. It does not deserve poor ratings. It's a great game, just not for everyone."
,Recommended,254200,34515029,Posted: 26 August,all,Skellitor301,"FortressCraft Evolved is a bit rough around the edges, but what we got so far is a fun logistical challenge.Pros:-Responsive building with a reach as far as you can see-Pretty solid research system, could use a bit of work but it's a good system as is.-Challenge for your logistical mind, having to figure out ratios and working out the best ways to bring around the resources you require and to properly process them.-Works alright on moderate end pc's, not a lot of games you find that plays like this can run at a decent FPS, this game can.-Slimes, always fun to kill-Upgrade pretty much anything from your suit, tool/weapon, even your helper bot and defensive bot.-Grappling hook, dont hate, you're just not skilled enough to use it propperly if you do. It's so much fun once you get the hang of using it, being able to fly around and swing about like you're spiderman but more badass.-Depth. Holy hell can you go deep in this world. When you start on the surface, it's jaring to understand how deep the world is beneath your feet.-Head mounted flashlight. You have no idea how needed one is when most of the game is played underground, and handheld light sources dont add much to the game. If you can see and can do stuff, that's fun, if you can only do either or, that's a hinderance. props for a head mounted light.-Multiplayer through steam, always fun to set up a game with a friend.-Build to me option. It's tedious to set down a row of 100 of something, making sure they're all pointed the right way, and you gotta do it one at a time. This game has the option to set one, walk the distance, and build off the first set block right up to you. Makes platforms, conveyor setups, and storage options much easier to set up.-Modded support. Mods always make a game better, it expands on other people's ideas for the game and it gives the player more freedom to customize the game to their liking. The modding comunity is a bit lacking but what is there is a good start.Cons:-Development is a bit slow, but it's not abandoned from what I can see.-Research as I mentioned is good but it can be improoved upon, if you dig straight down untill you die you can rack up a bunch of research easy. So while it can be easy to cheese, it also has the habbit of putting you in a standstill when you've reached as far down as you can go and you've scanned everything already.-Combat needs work, the ability to have automated defenses is a neat part of the game, but when it comes to what you can do as a player, it tends to lack until you get further into the mid game and have better gear.-Horrizontal variety. What I mean by this is you can find new stuff and biomes out in the distance, but once you've seen the first couple you've basically seen them all. It's basically a recolor of a prior aspect from a list of biome atributes.I'm sure I've left stuff out, but regardless it's a fun game dispite it's shortcomings. I reccomend this for anyone who is a fan of minecraft with a factorio twist. Ignore anyone who says this game is just one giant logistical nightmare, that's part of the game to figure out the logistics the further into the game you go, just like factorio."
76561198251362974,Recommended,254200,23982328,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Theanxious,Worth the $
76561198040560750,Recommended,254200,15620436,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jaded1,"This game has great potental. I can't wait to see it develop further. It's not just a crafting game but a game that requires some creative design, for you machines and how to make them more efficent. All the while trying to survive the deep, dark and deadly underground.."
76561198032830200,Recommended,254200,24702385,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,OdraNoel,"If you like tech mods for minecraft you will probably love this game. an infinetly deep world with an advanced tech tree ripe for all your automation and contraption building desires!just be sure to play on settings that are right for your play style, some of the harder setting could have you standing around alot and just waiting for machines to process. tho this also forces you to be creative and think of things to do while machines do thier work. so again, depends on your play style."
76561197981329806,Recommended,254200,24860556,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[T.w²] Officer Joe Boologna,"Do you like logistics/automation/factories? Get this game.Do you like advancing in the game, and getting more powerful as the game goes on? Get this game.Do you like a very supportive and flourishing game community? Get this game.Do you like workshop mods (Keep in mind there are not many yet)? Get this game.Do you like a 1-man developing powerhouse, who is ALWAYS in touch with the community, and pumping out well-thought out content for everyone? GET THIS GAME.'Nuff said."
76561198009031722,Recommended,254200,22618622,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mick,This game has a lot to offer mainly logistics but has a lot more coming. still has some issues but dev is alway working on itreson i put a review is to more get attetion to this game could be a one of thos games that you just wished you had tryed earler
,Recommended,254200,22207656,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Bubbles100,Feels a bit like a mix between Factorio and Minecraft. If you like those two then you should definitively give this game a try.
,Recommended,254200,20909339,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MediCat,"Just awesome game, still in development, (UPD. Now not so) badly optimised, but it's really good. I was mad of Minecraft with IC and BC, these were the only mods I loved and after that I found this game. And it seemed perfect for me. Not so easy even on easy difficulty, you just have to build a large manufacturing system just for development of gathering resources. Or defending from mobs. Or charging your orbital station. But I prefer development for development. 9 A.R.T.H.E.R.s of 10."
,Recommended,254200,25057240,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Motsols,"This is a really fun game and well worth the full price. As someone who normally gets bored with a game after a few hours, this truly got me. Big plus to the dev for being active in the forums and he even streams while developing."
,Recommended,254200,24746858,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,bill.kress,"I discovered the factorio demo a few months ago--loved the idea.  Waited for the sale--although I try not to spend more than $5 on a game, I figured I'd go to $10 for that one.When the steam sale came, it was the only game in my list that didn't go on sale.  With tears in my eyes I started looking at related games, the first one of which was FortressCraftI was somewhat burned out on the Minecraft type games so I was reluctant, but on sale it was a good deal and looked interesting so I tried it.LOVE the game.  I've spent way over 200 hours on this now. On top of that, I've recommended highly enough that another 6 copies have sold to my friends and family (Including at least a couple of the expansion).  I see a few of them on playing FortressCraft into the night.  I'll probably buy the expansion eventually at full price just to support the dev too.If factorio had gone on sale (Or fortressCraft hadn't), I'd be playing that (But I'd probably be doing so alone since it's not available for the Mac like FortressCraft is)."
,Recommended,254200,9973814,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,General Lee,Very nice creative aspect. I could tell that this game is going to make it really far in the upcoming years!-Jesse
76561198030760718,Recommended,254200,22417669,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,dexterjb16,"Just a great game.Not since Civ had I had a game that keeps me going until I realize it's morning and time for work.As a player, there is always something more to do.  And, you get to set the pace.  A great job was done allowing the players control of the game and still keep it chalanging.The developer is always looking for way to improve the game.Is it finished?  I thing a better question is... will it ever be?  I mean that in a very positive way.  With a great base and invested developer, there's no saying what's next.If you like finding your own way of doing thing you'll love this game too.Thank you for giving us this very enjoyable adventrue."
76561198202482854,Recommended,254200,22454867,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,LordOfTheVoid,"Great game, has lots of content. Even after about 90 hours of playtime I haven't reached the end goal, which is quite a lot compared to the price of this game. I admit that this game still has some rough edges, but that didn't bother me at all."
76561197967687468,Recommended,254200,22513525,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Nikuzaka,"A very good base building sandbox game.  The developer is very active and actually reads and responds in the forums which is a big plus to me.  There are updates about every 2~3 weeks now that it has been released, which I am ok with (I am refering to the Patch # content, which are rather large updates).A lot of people have compared it to minecraft but main difference is that there is no weapon or armor upgrade for your character.  This is mainly because this is more of a tower defense type game, so if you are looking for a shooter this won't be it.My only gripe with the game is that you cannot move your starting Central Power Hub (CPH) which basically forces you to build at your start point since that is what you have to protect.  It would be nice if you could relocate your base."
76561198041662990,Recommended,254200,9015707,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,UnholyKnight,"So far from what I have played of this game it is good. It seems like it's going to be way better than the Chapter 1 on the Xbox 360. There still looks like there are a few things that definitely need worked on, but it is an early access game so I can't complain too much. I recommend picking this up."
76561198027149665,Recommended,254200,22492994,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,darkrahmir,I love the game very much. I am looking forward to more patch updates for new tech
76561198036205314,Recommended,254200,22507442,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Unsurvivor,"After a relatively short scene-setting intro and a very quick tutorial, FortressCraft Evolved has handed you the basics and expects you to get on with it, which is a refreshing change from too many games with 20 minute pause-button press-pause tutorials that seem to be the trend recently.That said, the tutorial does give you the basics of how to figure everything else out for yourself with fairly extensive in-game help and tooltips, so with a bit of trial and error along the way, for which the game imposes no penalties on the easy difficulty settings (my personal recommendation until you know what you're doing), you soon get into the swing of it.Automation is a major part of the game, and your strategy of implementing this will heavily determine the pace of the game. Want it to go faster? Simply increase whatever factor is limiting your progress, be it power, materials, or machine throughput.Just as you're getting the hang of all this, you'll come across the Threat Analyser and probably end up building one out of curiosity. This will warn you of incoming attacks and keep you informed as to how much attention your base is drawing from the native life forms. Very useful in determining when you really need to change your focus to building defences against said life forms, but again on the easier settings the only penalty for failure is that it temporarily stops your source of comepletely free power.I've restarted this game several times now, because after developing my base setup a certain way I get further then come up with a better way to do things, which would almost certainly be easier if I did it from the very beginning. The fact that this game can still cause such epiphanies is to me a mark of a very well thought out game indeed.  That said, I could just tear it all apart with no penalty, and rebuild, but I prefer a clean slate.The game is undergoiong continual development on a daily basis. This does not mean that the game is unfinished, having watched the developer's daily live streams of the work being done I can say that it if the game had stayed in Early Access until he ran out of ideas and had implemented all the current thoughts he has for late-game content, it would still be Early Access ten years from now, and the game already far surpasses many titles that I've seen launched from EA.It's true that the developer is planning explansion packs as a way to introduce large chunks of extra content to the game, and a lot of people have slammed this decision, despite the fact that he has clearly said that if he can afford to do so, these will be free expansion packs rather than paid.  Given how many games are released in an almost episodic fashion these days, this is by no means unreasonable, especially given the exceptional value for money the FCE represents. How many games can give hundreds of hours of enjoyment for £10?At this price give it a try, it's a steal and if you enjoy any kind of tower defence, voxel building, crafting, gathering or logistics/assembly line games you should have a blast.Tl/dr: A great game that keeps getting better."
,Recommended,254200,17242465,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,iGh0ulish,"This game is nicely put together, how the parts and machinery work as one in the game is phenominal and i hope to create a game someday that could be at least half as nice as this"
,Recommended,254200,22410150,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Vadeblade,FortressCraft Evolve Is a Slow but Fun Progress game Even though Its Early Access The game is being worked on nearly every day. 10/10
76561197980866518,Not Recommended,254200,26761682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BIRI,"Sometimes I really wish that there would be more options when reviewing, but I just can't recommend this game. Not because it's a bad one but because of the sheer amount of wasted potential which is very disappointing. The game is pretty much the work of a single dev who cares for his game and puts a lot of time and effort into the development. Unfortunately all of that falls short because of the poor execution. FortressCraft Evolved is a great example why you can't develop a game on your own after it reached a certain level of complexity and player base. The dev is no doubt a skilful coder but less talented in the other aspects of game making. FortressCraft desperately needs a texture+model artist, ui programmer, and sound designer. Right now the game is completely out of balance. The poor visuals are overcompensated with needlessly high poly models and excessive lights. The game takes advantage of the engine's most cutting edge features yet you can't turn the music off or go back to the main menu once you've started playing. Distant blocks fly in with fancy animations but the machines right in front of the player are still popping in and out regardless of the graphical settings. These and many other issues lend the game an unpolished feel and greatly hold back it's success.Off course you can find people with insane in-game hours who just love it, but you have to keep in mind that the gameplay is heavily inflated. Early game is especially slow, all you do is wait on resources. I have 200+ hours in offline play but I was afk half the time - shopping, cooking or watching TV while the ores were mined and smelted. Every attempt I made to finish the game ended with abandoning the map after 15-20 hours, I always loose interest. To make matters worse there aren't any explanations how the dev intended the machines to be used, figuring out the right setup is almost impossible, you just don't have enough information about the blocks. You have to watch countless hours of Youtube videos in order to avoid frustration. Sadly giving feedback about your issues or interacting with the community in general is not a good idea. The game is surrounded with a ring of diehard fans who are unreasonable and the developer himself can be very unprofessional.A lot of reviews are complaining about the DLC but I'm OK with it. It has one of the worst marketing I've ever seen in my life which makes it appear as another greedy cash grab attempt, but actually adds a fair amount of content for a reasonable price. It's a good way to keep the dev motivated as I still hope that my issues with the game will be addressed one day.FortressCraft Evolved could be one of the best games this genre has to offer. It could be an excellent game to introduce new players to ""blocky"" games while still challenging veteran players. Unfortunately in it's current state the game is totally unappealing. If you are a hardcore fan of the genre you will be able to overlook the numerous shortcomings otherwise stay clear, FortressCraft will yield you nothing but anger and frustration."
76561198021558950,Not Recommended,254200,26536002,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Romi,"I wish, I really wish I could recommand this game. I loved factorio, and I love the idea behind this game. A mix of resources management, base building organisation and tower defense.However, this game is really, really unstable. It is really hard to have a 4-5h game session without having the restart the game. After 25h+ on the same map, i just had the game crashing 4 times in a raw in the 5min after loading the map. I'm running on a Inter Core i5 6600K alongside a GTX 980 TI, but the game is hardly fluid for the server and clients suffer crazy lags after a few hours in game."
,Not Recommended,254200,26251337,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,BloodWyrm,"The game concept itself is good, but... on multiple occaisions people have been smashed by the dev for having a so-called ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rig when asking for tech support. 8/10 for the game 0/10 for the developer's high and mighty negativeity."
,Not Recommended,254200,26264880,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Angry,"Want new stuff? Buy a DLC.Something's not working? Hey, it's Early Access! (Buy a DLC). Also look at my cat pictures, because there's not enough of them in the internets!No proper tutorial? Clumsy and ugly UI? Hey, it's Early Access and I have cats. So buy a DLC.Some new features introduced in patch? Hey, Steam users, ♥♥♥♥ you, it's for Patreon subscribers only. Or buy a DLC. Also read about dev IRL problems and go buy a DLC (because you should feel pity about some EA rip-off artist?).Play the game (if it loads at all and not crashes randomly) and have tons of useless recipes which you cannot craft because you don't have the DLC. Because buy a DLC."
76561198008432825,Not Recommended,254200,23301422,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SOSCookies,"The newest patch is a dlc, about the same price of the game..."
,Recommended,254200,21742013,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,UV Dodger,"The graphics in this game are surprisingly good for a voxel game. Maybe Minecraft taught me, incorrectly, that voxel is ugly. Fun, but ugly. The price point is low enough that I recommend picking it up and having some fun. The mining gun, yes gun, is great."
76561198273592194,Recommended,254200,21886277,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,dcello123,"Cool game,i wish i had a faster pc"
,Recommended,254200,20469818,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DarthMalak,Very enjoyable sandbox game for a good price and with very active development going on!!!
,Recommended,254200,20530839,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Drifter,Do you like the tech modded side of Minecraft? I do.
76561197970845141,Recommended,254200,29631260,Posted: 1 February,all,Vikings,"This game is very addictive.  There are tons of things to build that is in the spirt of minecraft but with a very upgraded and far more satisfying sense of accomplishment and reward.  From the beginning to late game, Fortress Craft never gets repetive or boring.  There is always something new to try out.  The game plays like the developer actually played the game over and over while programming it, and thus the pacing of the game is amazingly well done (in other words, you dont advance too fast or get stuck too long while building or researching), epsecially considering the large amount of content in the base game.  I just bought the Frozen Fortress DLC which expands the content!  If a Factorio, Minecraft, Tower Defense  sandwhich sounds good to you, then you're in for a real treat!"
,Recommended,254200,29745082,Posted: 6 February,all,Avarant,"Great combination of mining, automation, industry, building, exploring, idle, and turret defense in the setting of a minecraft-ish 3d block world.Developer makes monthly updates despite the game being pretty much complete.It can be intimidating starting out, since you're not sure how things work yet.  Give it a chance, watch some helpful videos, and it'll all make sense."
,Recommended,254200,18323859,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,HackerMan299,Love the Game!
,Recommended,254200,18777023,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,holoandwolf,ok now since the bug fixes it is fun and just word of advice go slow take breaks and think hard on how you put stuff up right have fun
76561198145009327,Recommended,254200,21036686,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Saucysalad,i feel ripped off that my pc meets all the requirments and im only getting 10-15 fpsnow to the better side this game is good so far my tiny base is taking shape and im having lots of fun
76561197991903350,Recommended,254200,21139273,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jdub,"Great game, I have enjoy playing and can't seem to put it down. It is run by a one man dev team and he does amazing job. If you want to check some game footage there is plenty of you tubers out there doing it. Here is a couple and this should help you make your choice.Tango Tekhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8t707flkqpduHCOqdT4xgxFXzha6bkF7Direwolf20https://youtu.be/JTQQ6lLtL04?list=PLaiPn4ewcbkH0rlPVUYSR1QmkDe8jFGv8Caironhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVHMVXidpF0cqhn6ml8ZLo7hoMXUtSfSoDrededentityhttps://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3r8kxNQj2gdTa3HaWG1kZapq12joCLH"
,Recommended,254200,21210823,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lightman,"One of the best games of this type now. If you played Minecraft with tech mods (IC2, TE, Gregtech) and liked it, you will love this game.Very cool cold and toxic caverns, a lot of fun exploring big caves without any map.Good-balanced hard mode, which is rare, provides nice challenge for automation and logistics, and at least 300 hours of gameplay for sure, even more if you go blind without any info. Sadly no survival challenge except defending base (which can be ignored until you need loot from mobs, or charge OET, which is deep end-game)Would i spend 520 more hours designing logistics network and automation? Damn yes,10/10 Arthers, would also suggest for everyone to buy DLC and support DjArcas for his massive work and answering our stupid questions on stream :)"
,Recommended,254200,21121667,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,its a really good game u should buy it and help the developer
76561198048476863,Recommended,254200,21279350,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Arcangel13579,"I've never reviewed a game before today, but I think this game deserves a positive one.This game may superficially seem like ""just another voxel based constructor"", but it's really FAR more than that. It's got fun goals, tower defense, crafting, logistics, exploration, combat, and the single most dedicated developer I've ever heard of. This game has been worth every penny.Give it a try."
76561198086287250,Recommended,254200,22065666,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,mica608,"Over 900 hours in.... If you like Minecraft you will quickly become addicted to this game!  The game goes well above and beyond the simplicty of Minecraft. Picture yourself crashing on snow-covered alien planet.... Survival is paramount! Research your surroundings, gather resources, build a fortress, improve your fortress, dig deeper, research, develop, edit, fail, re-edit, outfit, try not to get yourself killed in the process, heart-pounding darkness, ledges, and deep dangers.  Then there are the aliens to deal with.... not generally after you - rather your base - course if your Central Processing Unit is destroyed - you die.... Research power advances, build weapons, mine deeper ore, improve your situation - survive!  That's just in the first stage....  The game is challenging and becomes more complex as you play. That complexity can also lead to frustration, especially at the end of stage one - powering up the Orbital Transmission Tower while balancing and re-balancing your defenses but overall this is a game that forces you to think, awake - asleep...."
,Recommended,254200,30022047,Posted: 18 February,all,solarshado,"It's almost like someone took 2 of my favorite Minecraft mods -- Buildcraft and Industrialcraft -- baked their concepts into the base game, and then kept going until almost none of vanilla MC was left."
,Recommended,254200,29882795,Posted: 12 February,all,Grimtongues,"Fortresscraft Evolved is similar to the major tech mods for FeedTheBeast, with an emphasis on defending your factory from waves of enemies.  The graphics in FCE are good, but you can still play with an older PC - I'm using a GTX 650 and it's fine on medium settings.  There are many features that make it easy to build large structures - cosmetic and functional.  The Frozen Factory DLC is highly recommended - it adds a significant amount of content to the game.The difficulty settings focus mostly on ""how much time do you want to grind away"", so if you are a busy person, you can still enjoy the full content of the game without ""grinding.""  The game is more about building, planning, and some exploration - it's not as action-oriented as FTB.  In fact, the monsters mostly ignore you in FCE - the monsters are all trying to attack the center of your factory.Summary:   If you enjoy tech mods for minecraft, check out Fortresscraft Evolved."
,Recommended,254200,15933617,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Aric The Mad Doktor,"Pretty nice game, graphics are pretty good, good factory system for mass production, really neat to watch once all your machines are set up, creative and survival both have a decent amount of stuff as of right now, a little difficult starting out, but a few play throughs and fooling around should let you get a hang of it, updates aren't to slow if you opt in for the bleeding edge."
76561197964170784,Recommended,254200,19122511,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bloodrain,"Besides also being voxel based FortressCraft doesnt have much in common with similar products, its primary focus is constructing and automating a your base, allowing for hughe industrial plants to be assembled, mantained and taken care of.The game itself is good, but what really makes it shine is the developer and his GREAT contact with the community!"
76561197993994557,Recommended,254200,19337571,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mazetar,"The game has recived a lot of free updates past release (in addition to a paid DLC/Expansion).Update 16 which came out a few days ago added a full overhaul of the game for beginners by adding a nice tutorial which starts the player on the right path to automation.It also adds missions to guide the player in his progress through the game.I've just returned to playing the game again after several months of playing other games and I'm impressed by all the work that's been put into this game since last I played.Still very much an enjoyable game with a very active and helpful comunity.--I love this game.The dev's are very active on the forums and updates to the bleeding edge happens frequently.And by active I mean he's actually reading and responding to threads on the forums.Even helped me out with my mynock problems x)Edit: After many more hours of playing I still LOVE the game.This is my reply to a question of ""Is the game worth it?`"" asked on the forums now when I've had about 80hrs of gameplay underneath my belt:YES!Now let me elaborate:I loved Minecraft, especially along with Buildcraft, Industrial Craft etc.I also enjoyed Factorio and other similar games.And I absolutely LOVE this game!// Rambling startI've played about 80hrs now and still having a blast!The developer is really active and working hard, his plans for the future seems (in my opinion anyways) awesome and so does his attitude.In it's current state I already do love the game. I would easily spend another 80hrs or more on this game in it's present state without any updates.With the updates then I expect that number to grow to insane amounts :=)Speaking of updates, you can either play on the regular early access branch or you can opt into testing the latest freshes code.The latter will crash and break so you'd HAVE TO MAKE BACKUPS (DAILY!) , but you would get frequent updates and get to test everything as soon as it's coded!Awesome!If you'd rather want things a bit more stable then don't opt into the Bleeding edge and you will be fine. Keep in mind however that this game is under developement and it's NOT a AAA+ development team behind it, but some indie dev which means this a true early access game.If you can't stand work in progress games, then you'd better wait untill it's more polished and done before you jump in :P// Rambling endTL;DRI've spent around 80hrs and will probably spend another 80 in it's current state (without any of the updates) which means it's worth EVERY CENT I've paid for it already!10/10 from me."
,Recommended,254200,18826733,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,HIAS! CSOFFER.ME CSGOBlocks.Com,DAMN FUN GAME it is very cool but not done and that still dont take out any fun some of the scary things are the monsters the giant spider robot and teh under ground ones GJ devs for this game
76561197985528390,Recommended,254200,24983087,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[D.S.] Reign Of Magic,"This game will either be really fun, or rather boring depending on what type of games you like. If you like building complex machinery chains to automate everything then this will be a good game for you. If you like fast paced, action games... This probably will not be your cup of tea.That being said lets go over some of my thoughts on this gameThings that I like about this game.Self contained machinery, automation, building, and resource gathering that plays much like a minecraft modpack based around a single tech mod.The graphics, while based around cubes for the terrain, is actually pretty good. It has vastly improved since I got this game a year+ ago.Caving is just fun in this game. There are massive cave systems that put other digger/builder games like minecraft to shame. Example, there is a cave with a ravine right next to my starting base that is almost deeper than the entirety of the building area minecraft allows (at least vertically).Things I dislike/are Meh aboutSome aspects of the game are rather grindy, even on the ""fast"" paced version. Ore collection and smelting takes time, and as you get later into the progression tree you unlock things to speed this up.Unfortunatly the cost to create everything also gets pretty high.Energy production is really small unless you are playing on the fast version, Solar panels are almost worthless unless you choose to have eternal day.The ""expected"" time to reach the endgame (OET) is not bad, but the charge time is really long. Although this gives you a good reason to make a well fortified base!Overall those detractor points are rather insignificant to me, as they just extend the time until I ""beat"" the game and then get bored. Heck.... I haven't even gotten to the end game yet and I'm almost 50 hours in!This game is well worth the money to me and DjArcas is great developer that is active within the community!"
76561198284188784,Recommended,254200,31962136,Posted: 25 May,all,Tenth,Fortresscraft is allright game i like to build massive factorys with complex transport lines bringing ore from the mines ready to be processed in to anything you need that you have reserched in the lab. The multi-block creations are breath taking like having a row of turbines burning fuel and producing boat loads of power. the game is very pleasing to watch what youve bult work and produce items or other stuff.the graphics are nice with a good sunrise and sunset and just walking around to see the world the best bit is you can built as big or as small as you want rush to get to the good tec or take your time and plan out your basebut as you build you will be attacted by the local wild life from worms to flying bugsbut other than that it is my most played game and i cant wait to see what updates are coming in the future.i recommend this game to people who like to build big bases.
,Recommended,254200,19713780,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Blackout,"Proper options menu! no more falling through the floor! better optimization! its like 3D factorio! buy it! this devs worked really hard, and its finally paid off."
,Recommended,254200,17722506,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jost Amman,"I wish the Steam reviews rating system gave more ""score"" to reviews written after big updates because this game has developed so much in the latest releases... FE does'nt deserve the Mixed rating, is so much better than that. Sure, it's still rough around the edges and has still many (non game-breaking) little bugs, but the developer is very active and patching and updating the game constantly so that you can solve little problems in as short as a few days span.Now about the game:- Minecraft inspired (blocky world and such)- Story driven: you crash on a planet with your ship and only have some basic stuff to survive and your final goal is to find a way to go back out there where you came from- Creative mode too (with much more stuff than survival mode)- Most of the game is about setting up a mining operation and get the necessary resources/ores to finally build the stuff you need to leave the planet (game end)- Mobs / Tower defence mode has been introduced: so while building/exploring the alien planet you also need to fight and/or setup defences depending on how much you get noticed by the local aliens- There are ""Hive Minds""! O_o- If you like crafting and building automated stuff this is the game for you!- This is mainly a single player game IMO but they put in a multiplayer mode too (I don't use it) which is a bit awkward to setup, but they're still improving itSo basically my tip is to go buy it!If you're not convinced by now then just wait for the next sale and grab it, IMO you won't regret it."
76561197970597270,Recommended,254200,22888050,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Tasolth,"Just posting my $.02Great game if you like the factory / automation / (to some degree) exploration sub genres in a fully 3d world. For 12.99 you could do far worse.*Note* if you can't accept the fact the dev has his vision of the game and will only bend that with ""solid"" reasoning and not ""complaining or whining"", then look elsewhere."
,Recommended,254200,23845180,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Romstat X,"I was really into this game at first, but as time went on it seemed less interesting."
,Recommended,254200,24602781,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tactical Nuclear Coffee,"Well 270h of playtime over multable patches so when i say its a good game i mean it.Yes its like MC and yes its like Factorio but its so much more. Its also only a 10er so if you love any of that stuff this games for you.Some reviews say the devs bad, hes not. Some say theres no freedom i would agree, however its not suppose to be a 1 man factory game. You use machines and are limited in some ways in order to make the machines worth while.Overall id give this game a solid 9/10 and its not finished yet. Yes there was dlc (frozen factory is a must if you like the game) but the free content so far has be plentiful and regular.At least its not abandoned like many other EA games."
76561197985090812,Recommended,254200,27117040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gilga,"If you like Factorio, buy it!I have spent hours and hours watching my base produce more and more stuff while I was busy with work. And when you finally delve back in again to continue playing for real, your plans in mind, you suddenly realize how much other stuff you still need. There is always something to drive you forward. There is always that little bit more. I love it."
76561198022953922,Recommended,254200,22643264,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Plaute,"Excellent game!!! evolving into a clasic, lots of content Highly recomneded. Be aware it will consume your free time!!!"
76561198098122748,Recommended,254200,15580252,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Cyberspace,"Not enough to do yet, but i still like it"
,Recommended,254200,24507394,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,InsaneDane,"I've been addicted to it for a couple weeks since the steam summer sale. I got my boss addicted to it. Now I can ""work from home"" all I want."
,Recommended,254200,25261730,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,HyperNova,"This is a great game and has the potential for hundreds of hours of gameplay, or thousands if you are hardcore into gaming. It has been about 6 monthis since I have played, as of writing this review, but it was a very full and complex game. First starting off is very intimidating and hard to get the hang of but it very quickly becomes second nature to use the controls properly. I plan to purchase the Frozen Factory DLC and am happy to pay $15 for it as I fully support this game and its developers who have put in so much time and effort. A highly recomended game if you love complex builds and a very stimulating game with a massive amount of content that is well made and constantly being updated by the Developers.My only cons for this game are the graphics, light glare and the hitboxes for certain blocks and items."
76561197997559839,Recommended,254200,23163319,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,profitX10,"^  Look here.  Do you see the time played?  That tells you all you need to know about this game.   It takes ages to progress but it is one that is rewarding.   Not finished, bugs, balance issues -> Don't care. still love to play.Edit. Still a fantastic game, and a lot of the bugs are being or have been squashed!"
76561198154998683,Recommended,254200,17117969,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,drakos_evillord1,(it a good game but can you make the next update let you move the ore smelter anywhere you want make more easyer for me and other players) <--- old comment-when you be able make a help guide for new player-good job with the game the first time i play it i was scaredthank you DjArcas-i have a suggerstion add enemy and friendy ants colonys
76561198095469752,Recommended,254200,19188426,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Eaglephe,Ok im going to buy this game with my steam money. Downloading. Loaded a world. I JUST SPENT 51 HOURS IN A MINUTE :O
,Recommended,254200,24373724,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,KreatorB,Totally Worth the Buy! This game is like Minecraft and Feed the Beast rolled into one with all its automation. ;-)
,Recommended,254200,23782463,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,polelot,IT is 3D Factorio. Seriously. you have to mine as many ores as possible and as the game progressesmore and more monsters attack.
76561198053275885,Recommended,254200,23083607,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,NexZone30,"This game is worth every penny spent on it. It's addictive, difficult, and interesting. It's a game that'll have you playing for hours on end. Besides that, the developer is active and engaged with his community. This fact is worth it's own merit since most games nowadays have beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers who lack any care for their community. Overall, this game is great as it is and it has for more potential being added every day.Edit: Some people are commenting about a virus link within the help pages via. a mislink to a youtube video. They are saying the developer doesn't care enough to fix it, etc. Currently the developer has a fix releasing in the next patch releasing in a few days. The reason he can't release a hotfix is he simply doesn't have enough manpower to update four  platforms running different versions easily and release the new patch on time. The developer also adressed this issue and replied to the thread talking about what he's doing. Some people simply can't think and start blaming a developer for ""having a horrible attitude"", when they see a small issue not being fixed quickly enough (it's been less than a week...). Just keep stuff like that in mind when planning to buy the game. It's worth it if you're into factory, progress oriented gameplay. Don't let rash people change your mind."
,Recommended,254200,10481370,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Multi,"Bought this in March, didnt like it much, few updates down the line LOVE IT! If you liked Tekkit Mod Pack, you will adore this gem!"
76561198033316456,Not Recommended,254200,25120600,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CommGunner,"Although the game has a great design, has deep gameplay and shows a lot of promise, I cannot recommend it in its current state. It currently makes an unpolished and buggy impression, which may be acceptable for an early access game, but not for a game that has been officially released.For example, it took me several hours just to get my interface working. It turns out that the game seems to assume a 16:9 aspect ratio of your monitor. When I tried to load the game with my monitor's native resolution, which has a 4:3 aspect ratio, the interface was completely buggy. For example, windows were overlapping that were not supposed to, so that I could not see the entire interface. The game does not provide any warning when selecting an unsupported resolution.Other bugs that I have encountered include items on conveyor belts not being rendered at all under certain conditions (thereby making them invisible) and turrets not firing at the enemy, but instead making jittery movements. Also, I have encountered several bugs in the user interface. Additionally, the game crashes frequently when doing certain things, such as scanning for ore.Because this game has a great design and shows a lot of promise, I hope that the developer will fix these issues. Afterwards, I will gladly change my rating to a positive one.Meanwhile, if you are interested in resource management games with complex assembly lines, I would recommend buying the game Factorio instead. Even though it is officially still in early access, it is already a lot more polished than FortressCraft. However, the main disadvantage of Factorio is that you are limited to two dimensions (i.e. the surface of the planet), whereas in FortressCraft you can also build in the third dimension, digging deep into the planet."
76561197978838136,Not Recommended,254200,31911313,Posted: 22 May,all,Locane,"This game should be in a museum for examples of why 1 really smart programmer should never have complete control over their game.  Someone needs to be there to explain to them that people other than them are going to play their game, so they need to design around the audience, not themselves.The user experience is absolutely deplorable.  There are no tooltips for blocks in your inventory.  The hotkeys for your critical tools are separated across the keyboard (M for your scanner and X for your mining machine? What?  Those don't even match the words!)  You literally must read a guide to explain to you how to play the game and what you must do for your first night.  In UX, just like in jokes, if you have to explain it, you failed.I'm a programmer for a living, and I gave up playing after 36 minutes across two separate sessions because I died to falling damage from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ grappling hook while my whole screen was overtaken with a blue graphic flashing ""HYPOTHERMIA"" over and over.  I wasn't having fun.I read manuals about complicated systems at work - I should not have to read a manual to play your ♥♥♥♥ing game.TL;DR: This is the game you point to when you need to explain to people why they need to hire User Experience people."
,Not Recommended,254200,17674122,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dreken,"Good luck scouring forums for any sort of help at all. I advise to steer clear of the developer because he will just be sarcastic and rude with all his advice and assume you have been watching his twitch for months on end and that you have to know by now what each research unlocks and how to build some of the more complex setups that he cant be bothered to write in the help menu inside the game. after a few months i returned to the game saw some updates and progress and started a new world only to find much of the research had been jumbled up a bit. not a huge issue but when i had asked the dev where certain things were he just said ""its in the help menu"" well the item was in the help menu but all it told me is what is crafted with the item not how to craft it or unlock it in research... he swore up and down that it wasnt in the lab and that it was researched early on ingame. it was in fact in the lab and using the lab is a hit or miss on getting what you want unless you search the forums....searching forums would be great and dandy but the information is not always current like i said he moves things around changes where they go which means an old topic could tell you to research something entirely different and researching in the lab isnt an easy thing that takes a little power and a few moments.-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-until the ingame help menus actually give helpful information i cant reccomend anyone buy this game and put up with this cranky developer. its still a fun and interesting game and i will continue to play but i cant advise anyone to pay full price for this game. pick it up on sale or spend your money on a better game, also the early rush from EA was a bad move and its really not ready to be sold as a full complete game."
76561198027061204,Recommended,254200,23975576,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Emoquit,"Minecraft with complex base defence mechanic. Lot's of fun. Great for Co-Op.The game is a little difficult to learn for the first few steps, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,254200,21852044,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Daedalus,I have played this game now for 3 months and it has been great. I would recomend this game to any one who has a good enough computer.
76561197979663042,Recommended,254200,21981509,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Naxtron,"This game simply rocks.It is so much fun to build up an efficient base.To go deeper is extremly scary even on clumsy difficulty (you drop your inventory) not to mention on hardcore mode with permadeath. You get this feeling like ""Something doesn't want me so deep down here! I want to go up again where it is save.""And i haven't even seen a single alien yet!Don't hesitate!Buy it, play it, love it."
76561197993917460,Recommended,254200,21537980,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Horny Rooster,"Having never played minecraft, I come at this game fresh.  If you like a nice logistics game with good graphics and a blocky environment, I recommend this game.  It's fun and moderately challenging.  I do however feel it isn't really fully fleshed out.  There isn't enough challenge.  Unless you are grossly incompetent, you won't lose the game, and there is no feeling of dread that you are in deep doo doo and might lose.I do recommend the game and I do find it fun, but after awhile you realize you have reached a point where you have so many resources, you just don't have to worry about nothing and the challenge is all gone.What the game needs is random events of some type that force you to cope with the unpredictable, or some sort of boss creature that attacks once in a while and might destroy parts of your base."
76561198236813812,Recommended,254200,21782947,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Flubbred,"So after more than 100 hours in game, I can finally make my review:This game is very unique (in my opinion) to the other games. This game MAY be blocky as minecraft, but the textures are detailed, and pretty, with out them being blocks. They do have blocky hit box, but hitboxes aren't that important ;). So beck to the topic. You can build BIG mining operations, and factories, and what not, on pretty much anything. Because of the worlds size that is 200 LIGHT YEARS (or 1892146155423912000 meters !) long in every direction from spawn, you can build what ever. It's kind of hard and challenging to start up, but when you get a bit automated, you are all good (and challenges are fun, right?).Now lets talk about mining. You get an ore extractor, that mines ore veins. Each ore vein is different in size. Some can be up to 32 mil. ore!. That is going to last a very long while. But to do that you need to send power down, and then with conveyors, pipes, ore matter movers, up to the surface and smelt it.Goal in this game (right now) is to kill 4 overminds, with orbital strike. Now there is at least 100h of gameplay. But this is not like factorio (I still love Factorio tho), that you win, and not play anymore. If you win here, you can still do stuff! But if you kill them, nothing will attack you (for now)Now about updates and performance. Well, updates are often, and also you have different ""betas"" to play on, like Bleeding Edge. That is game where is new stuff, that will be put into mainline. But this comes at the risk. You can crash, your world can get corrupted, and bugs. Well, that is why its called ""Bleeding"" edge ;). Preformance is pretty decent. I have 8GB, and this game is in Unity 5, and I use only 40% of memory. FPS are very high, but if you request too much FPS, your world may not load fast.Now final part, the devs. As far as I know. There is one Developer working on this game, DjArcas. He has few other devs to help out. Also he streams on Twitch like 8h STRAIGHT! He shows all the programming, and how he works the game. Also, because Direwolf20 have played this, more people came in :D. But I don't think that DJ is getting enough $$$, for what is he doing. He indeed deserves more. You know, he needs food, and personal things. Also you know how models of blocks can cost?! Up to 10k$! those are some big bucks. But this means, more people = faster game development.So from this review, you can tell that I LOVE this game. This is legit, the nicest comunity, that I ever met. You need help with Game? just post a thread, and people will anwser :). Lots of nice people, and if the thread is something big (sometimes even small), even developers themselves will help you! Actually, they are on 80% of the threads, so that speaks for it self :).Thanks all! Keep it up!"
76561198009148832,Recommended,254200,16225513,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,toy_soldiernn,"I'm a fan of sci-fi, space n lasers, etc. This game has lots of this. The thoughtfulness of the devs show. My wife and I love this so far."
,Recommended,254200,21863249,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Freddy K,"EDITGetting a trojan warning from fortresscraft's .exe  [See Comment section]How peculiar:http://puu.sh/nIHwo/d104fdc49a.pngIntroductionComing into FortressCraft my only survival building game experience has been minecraft. So I'd like to say my expectations were high. I had read FC Evolved was similar to Tekkit modded minecraft and I was getting excited.Firstly I dislike space themed anything - and this is definitely space themed - but I've found it to be fine.My first 10mins of gameplay I was confused AF. It's fun to learn and work out what you have to do - which could be avoided by watching a gameplay of FC Evolved on YT, but I wanted to throw myself into the deep end. I'm at 20+hrs in, 17hrs of which in this one world, where I like to pretend I know what I'm doing. And I feel I've barely scratched the surface.  Once you figure out a methodology and approach, and are fast acting on it, I think you could have a world up and running a LOT faster than what I've done in this first attempt - and that's one of the selling points, become efficient.Pros/ConsPros:+ Loads of gameplay+Looks pretty [I run at good, and occasionally stutters - my gfx card runs Farcry 4 at decent settings]+I love the mobility [compared to MC]+I love the grappling hook mechanic+I love ctrl+clicking to build 30blocks in a straight line+I love seeing a base grow and become automated+I love pressing K to find where I placed that ore extractor, because I totally forgot where I put it+Addicting gameplay+Always something to do/alter/change/move/collect/kill/mine/ping+You can leave it in the background/ALTTab and even on single player, the world continues to simulate - so if you have automated mining set up, you can do other things away from your PC and come back to collect smelted ores.Cons:-I wish there was lights - early on. Throwing a bright green torch is ugly and hurts my eyes :')-I wish conveyor belts could be placed with ctrl+click, as that would save me time-I wish the music was better? A lot of annoying sounds. I find it actually nicer to play with sound off becaues of this.- Confusing progression.Overall, I paid ~$15.00 for it[?], and it has been worth it. I plan to put a lot more hours in.PS.S.I walked upto that giant squid monster and instantly died. My reasoning being I saw an unknown block at it's centre and I wanted to collect it :^)."
,Recommended,254200,22001512,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Judge Death,"Excellent game for those of you into voxel games. I will warn you though, 24 hours in and I'm starting to hear the humming of batteries while I'm awake ;)"
,Recommended,254200,29271865,Posted: 15 January,all,Platinawolf,The only issue with this game is that the developer is very active and the game hasn't reached a really stable state yet. But backwards compatability is great and he's recently (with one of the beta branches) totaly rewamped the terrain generation making a much more lush and interesting landscape.The developers does stream his development quite frequently and he's usually quite easy to ask for answers for various issues.
,Recommended,254200,29081148,Posted: 6 January,all,Kardking,I got this game when it was still very young. The programmer does a great job about expanding and adding new content. I've told many friends that they need to buy this game and described it as a tech heavy version of minecraft.
,Recommended,254200,32713605,Posted: 23 June,all,Khadgar,"(edited review)PrefaceWhen I first started playing this game, I was annoyed by the notifications. They wouldn't stop blinking and making noise, telling me to do various things that frankly, I didn't care about handling right at that moment. It drove me up the wall to be reminded, once every second, for hours at a time, that I would ""Build a Spiderbot Base"" or whatever. Frankly, it's a horrible implementation of an otherwise OK idea. Because of these notifications, I quit playing the game and gave it a negative review out of frustration.I eventually came back to the game and ran the console command to disable the notifications/missions. This command must be run every time you start the game, and it disables ALL notifications, even helpful ones, but it solved the annoying beeping and let me enjoy the game.The GoodThe game has ok in-game documentationThe documentation includes a build-in recipe guide (think NEI / JEI from minecraft), so you can figure out what a material is used forThe machines look pretty cool. Stampers have animation of physically crushing a metal bar into a plate, for exampleGood array of world generation options, to allow people to tweak the difficulty to their liking.Nice amount of contentThe cave terrain gen is pretty nice. There are some absolutely huge cave systemsThe Not-so-goodThe surface terrain gen is bland. It's a series of hills and mountains, populated with various rocks, plants, and 'trees', which is ok, but the colors are wild and ugly. Purple, orange, yellow, green, all blending together as you travel around.The grappling hook is awkward to use. I can't really explain how awkward it is, but it has all sorts of little nonsensical quirks which make it not reliable when you need it.The in-game options menu is quite lacking. A single volume slider, for example.No ladders! It's kinda hard to travel vertically in this game sometimes, which is odd, since it's a game all about digging deep and extracting the riches of the planet. There is an elevator lift, which works pretty good, if it weren't for...The BadArbitrary gameplay restrictions!The grappling hook doesn't function properly from depth 200m to 280m, or from 450m to 650m. This is not a bug, it's intended, but not explained! Everywhere else in the game, the hook has no cooldown, and can be used effectively to slow downward descent in a vertical shaft. However, between these depths, it can only be fired once every 5 seconds, leading to a swift demise if you were counting on it to slow you from smashing into the ground. As mentioned in the above, this makes building an elevator lift a real chore. Excavate out a shaft (using the machine that does specifically this), come back later when it's finished, and plop in your elevator! ... except, you need to place the elevator at the bottom of the shaft, and you can't GET to the bottom of the shaft, because your grappling hook stops working partway down the shaft, and you just fall to your death. Why? Who knows!Coal-burning power generators don't work below the surface, due to 'lack of oxygen'. This forces you to place your base on the surface of the planet, which is ugly.Smelters don't work underground either! According to the forums I've read, this was a balance concern, because the developer thinks it's imbalanced to smelt ores right outside the mining operation, and therefore, nobody is allowed to place smelters underground! It makes no sense and basically forces the player to build everything on the surface.In my playthrough so far, this led to a lot of frustration. I would expect that if something works, it continues to work as I go onwards. I understand conveyor belts are not very efficient, but if i wanted to scale up and use dozens of them in parallel, I would think this would work! And it does, until you reach depth 200, then it stops working because it's too cold. Brr. Ok, what about these 'tubes' I've heard so much about in the crafting menu, that specifically advertise ""not effected by cold'? Oh, I can't build them till much later. I guess I have to use the one and only thing that works, the CARGO LIFT! Granted, the cargo lift is pretty cool, but why is it the only option available to me? I won't go into further nitpicky specifics about the game, but it's definitely got it's problems.All in all, I would say this game is OK. Just remember to turn off the popup notifications using the/missionscommand every time you launch the game, and it can be fun!(previous review text, for posterity)> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!> *beep* No ore extracted in the last minute!( video link -https://www.dropbox.com/s/nzikjsnyikqncg5/bleep.mp4?dl=0)HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHUT UP! I'm still new to this game, why is there this extremely annoying sound effect playing once every second? It's like, ""GEE, I HAVEN'T MINED ANY ORE IN A MINUTE, I WONDER IF I NEED A REMINDER EVERY 1 SECOND TO ALERT ME THAT I AM STILL NOT MINING ANY ORE?""Fortresscraft says ""Yes We Do""!- - -UPDATE:Trying the game again, I decided to progress less while I explore around my crash site, figuring maybe I had done too much building and inadvertantly triggered state where I receive these messages. Upon completing the tutorial segment within the force field, I immediately went exploring around to find things to scan, etc. Then this happened:( video link ) -https://www.dropbox.com/s/buvva2y3mqoixay/bleep2.mp4?dl=0I can't win."
76561198004499912,Recommended,254200,20042607,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,K-DaK,Nice and fun game that mixes bits from Minecraft and Factorio.  Game runs smooth and has an active developer.
76561198078745488,Recommended,254200,20243626,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GregNSS,"Just started playing about a week ago, after finding DireWolf's YouTube videos.BEST. GAME. EVER. I cannot stop playing. How do you not have millions of players already? Every day/night, I think to myself, optimize one more line, or just get the next bit of research started, and bam, 2 hours later I am still playing. Love, Love, Love this game. Please keep up the excellent work. BTW, I have put in at least 60 hours so far and can't do 90% of the stuff in the video, so I know there is tons of stuff left to discover. I don't think I am anywhere near running out of new blocks/machines/tools to unlock."
,Recommended,254200,20336803,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Codesmith512,"At the time I'm writing this review, I've got a tad over 50 hours in, and I feel like I'm just scratching the surface.The game is incredibly deep. It has found the perfect balance between difficult and fun - nothing comes easy, but everything feels great once you get it. To the same note, the game has an incredible amount of complexity, but with the research system, it's rarely (if ever) overwhelming.Even more than this, the developer is really responsive. You can just tell that this is his baby, and he is doing everything that he possibly can to make this everything we (the community) wants. -- And to that note, he has succeeded.I've recomended it to multiple friends, and we've all made the jump past the event horizon together. I'm not even sure if this message will reach you. If it does, know that there's another EPIC world waiting for you, but know that there is no return from it. You will be leaving your former life behind. (Trust me, I bought this less than a week ago, thinking this was just a casual game for my spare time. Now I'm pretty sure my family has contacted the cops and reported me missing)"
76561197966024702,Recommended,254200,19256081,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Evoin,"Honestly I'm not a great reviewer.. BUT This game is insanely addicting and would suggest trying it out. It does tend to be a bit difficult and sinks a bunch of time, What else do you need though? It's fun slowly progressing and feels great making those leaps. You definitely get your $'s worth."
76561198058800205,Recommended,254200,20726063,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,heathmoulding,Bought the game 2 weeks age and have loged 80+ hrs on it love the game and cant can't wait for the tier 4 ores. love it and keep up the good workHeath
76561198079285703,Recommended,254200,20348356,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,[MNI] InfamousAmoe,"Before continuing into the meat of this review there is something you need to be aware of, while this game is aesthetically similar to minecraft it needs to be made clear that it is not a clone. The world made of cubes and mining had already been around before minecraft, and moreover its an aesthetic that is not something minecraft owns. If you can't get past the ""all cube based games are minecraft copies"" then stop reading here, onto the meat.Pros:1. This is a common one yet still important, the option to play with high or low difficulty in finding ore, the strength of hostiles, and even obtaining the energy you will so dearly need throughout the game. This is important as being able to enjoy the game from both a higher level and casual standpoint is a must.2. The hostiles, they are exactly what should be in a game like this, instead of only straight forward hit you and the face type ememies you have an enemy that will attach itself to your conveyor belts and such and devour all your ores making its nest ( the hivemind ) larger, and a little stealth cube thing that will drain power from your mining set up underground. Better yet, they still include a straight forward hit you in the face mob, and a little or dropping resource mob to boot for your tin needs.3. Instead of making you dig out a staircase, one of the most tedious  hardships one usually faces in ""cube games"", this game offers a high powered grappling hook, you can dig straight down and then grapple back up, this may seem overpowered however it will already take you quite some time to acquire resources and set up your automated mining and power system, if getting back to the surface were to take forever each time this game would be rendered unplayable by those of us who just dont have enough time.4. The automation that can be achieved in this game is satisfying, when you go from having to run back in forth to your copper mine set up to watching the copper roll in on a conveyor into your hopper then into your smelter, and at the moment you are looking at the 200+ stack of copper, you will feel a level of satisfaction on par with properly heating a plate of pizza rolls and not burning your tongue and throat.Cons:1. Despite what I said earlier about the hostiles, the game could probably use a bit more in this area, if you know what you are doing they are pretty easy to handle as is, there doesnt need to be too much more of this but some for sure.2. The learning curve, if you dont watch some videos, you are likely to flounder about having no idea what you are doing, this does hurt the game quite a bit. If you are against checking out some videos to figure things out this might be the deciding factor for you.3. Being a little to intense with the autmation, if you arent a fan creating (sometimes) complex systems to acquire, smelt, and convert your ore into useful objects then this game just isnt for you.4. The name, if you have played the old fortresscraft, then you go in expecting something quite different from what you will get, it is misleading and could be the leave a sour impression depending on whether you did your research or not.Conclusion:I gave an equal number of pros and cons, what comes down to is if you enjoy automation, and thinking, then theres a pretty high chance you will enjoy this game, if not continue on, and if you arent into that, but you still want to give it a go, thats awesome."
76561198048496637,Recommended,254200,20740336,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,skinny_j_nz,"Hey guys,this is my first review ever. Really like this game. I find it hard to remain interested in games after a day of smashing them, but im still playing this one. So that says something pretty big. Also my mrs is starting to hate this game as im on it too much.Pros-Exceptionally fast load time. once you double click the games shortcut, you are in world within a 15-20 seconds. great for those of us impatient or busy people. I really really hate bull**** loadtimes. I want to play a game not make a cup of coffee and come back while waiting for the main menu.-Good game progression.  for once a game that doesnt bog you down waiting for research, construction, or resource gathering/grinding. It has a nice balance of automation to the point where all that stuff can be done while you are off exploring. Ive often been off exploring a cavern and come back only to find that the slowest part of the system is myself and it is easy to get to the point of automation that most things become trivial (Wtf do i do with 5k copper now?)-enemies and death. you can make the game as hard as you like, and the consequences of death as permanent or trivial as you like in world gen. Which is really nice when you are still learning how to grapple around a massive cavern or falling down a really big hole.- The world. OMFG it is huge. The underground caverns are enormous, like really really really big and the terrain changes with depth, always serving up something different.-in game help. it is incredibly intuitive. It could be a little more indepth with some items but still very well thought out and just a blessing.-holobase function. you can track realtime how your network is functioning and where any bottlenecks are-good steam community who have most answers for you.-developer that is active on forums and takes interest in our feedback.cons-there is no way to pause the game as yet. you can camp out next to a torch or leave and come back (which is not that big of a deal due to fast load times) but pause would be awesome when you have the mrs trying to talk to you or a baby screaming at you. I understand the dev has said that it is a survival game but it could be a deal breaker for some gamers.-controls take a while to get used to. now and again im still trying to access hoppers with e.-the options could be a little more in depth with the sounds and music. took  google to find out how to turn off music (ctrl -m)-a coordinate system would make digging holes to your mining operations soo much easier.all in all a great early access game. very well thought out and designed. a clear development roadmap and it gives you what it promises. anyway back to the mrs tasks"
76561198152354292,Recommended,254200,24546547,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Down_and_Dark,A game only if you have plenty of time to spare but if you got the time its fun as hell. Right now i am only 19 hours in but i can tell i will be in the same world for a very (100 hours plus) long time to come. Only issues I have with it are that you cant just go to the main menue from in game or adjust your graphic settings from in game. To do both of these you must quit the game and relaunch it. All in all a nice game that I have already recomended to a few people. If your looking for a rating out of ten mine would be 8.5/10
,Recommended,254200,29085058,Posted: 7 January,all,Draconoxis,This is an awesome game by a 2 person coding team and 3 person art team keep up the great work!
,Recommended,254200,29090270,Posted: 7 January,all,zekrom_vale,"I love it!  However, there are a lot of bugs.  Lifts can jam you in to ore and blocks, lifts don't always load and jumping down the shaft can insta-kill you, spirderbot bace unloads and it wants you to craft another.I don't like that I am runing out of RP and fitlered conveyer belts don't actively pull from ajacent conveyerbelts.If you like automation and moded minecraft, like Direwolf20, you will love this!  Already 18 cents an hour good value!"
76561197988750660,Recommended,254200,29447066,Posted: 23 January,all,SekiSelu,"If you're the type to enjoy production lines, automation, progression (and not some silly # going up, but actual tech advances), this is in the top tier of games that will scratch your itch.Like Factorio? Try this!Like SpaceChem? Try this!Liked BetterThanWolves? Try this!Like this? Try those, and then come back and play this again, with even more content! :DDespite it being a tiny shop (1? 2?), the game they've built is much larger than the sum of its parts, and I'm looking forward to seeing where it goes in the future."
76561198030937200,Recommended,254200,20975116,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Robotfungus,"This is a good game so far, will add more info here in future."
,Recommended,254200,21071311,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ThePiachu,"A very compelling 3D exploration / building game. A mixture of Minecraft and Factorio. The game is still under heavy development, but can already offer hours of engaging factory construction fun."
76561198011892696,Recommended,254200,21241116,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Raxmo,"put factorio and starforge in minecraft, and you get this game. Obnoxiously large world, vast, HUGE expances of caves, like Hang Son Doong big. Think it's just night because you can't see the cieling big. Recreate Dwarven cities big. This game revitalized that sence of wonder, being overwhelmed, and exploration that the first time I played minecraft did. Those that like Minecraft, and are a little done playing modpack after modpack and geeting burned out on it should DEFINENTLY play this game. and come on, it's only $13 (on 2/15/2016), why WOULDN'T you get this game?I must say though, that if your computer is a toaster, it'll get frustrating with the game turning into a slide-show. This game isn't exactly friendly on your ram or proccessing capabilities, but you can drop the detail and graphics WAY down and still have a good time, it'll just look like it was done on the N64. But, normally this game is gorgeous, provided you have the computer to handle it.For those of you who are experienced in minecraft (particularly tech mods) you'll discover that you will be making LOTS of controll based mistakes. Also, you'll have a decent understanding of tech progression, however, it is dificult to know ahead of time what you need to do. I would recomend that you play a few worlds to better understand what to do, and what way you prefer the most to do it. Your first few worlds are likely to fail in your eyes, this is fine, and fixable at just about any time, but you can always start fresh.I would like to see a more comprehensive creative mode, as it does not lend to helping you actually mess around with logistical ideas, and what not, which I would like to see. currently, if you have an idea to use a system, you have to just try it out, which makes experimentation a potentially costly endeavour.The short version is that this game is amazing, and any fan of starforge, minecraft, and/or factorio should most deffinently fork over the cash and get this game. it's not even all that much cash in the first place."
,Recommended,254200,21258306,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Revan,Excellent Game. Enjoyed the different mechanics and how deep the levels go to.Pros:1.	Amazing Visuals2.	Jet Turbines3.	Plenty of content in the game even thou it’s not finished.4.	Focus on tech (which I like)Cons:1.	Erm… cant really think of anyThis has all the hallmarks of a great game in the making. Dev seem really on the ball with whats good and not good content.NOT A MINECRAFT CLONE.. Better in many ways!
76561198136322277,Recommended,254200,21107055,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,jamcdonald120,"Great game, definitly a new spin on the sandbox voxel game.  Some unused or redundant features, obviously some bugs, but still a very good game."
,Recommended,254200,22211296,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kingston,"Used to play FortressCraft Chapter 1 on Xbox Live and loved that game. I am so glad I can play this on Steam! I can spend hours and hours just building random things. I made a world once where I just blew things up (FUN! i know!). On Xbox the game had a limit you can dig. However, on this game I've dug so much that it could not load in time and had to wait. HAHAMy two most favorite features are the creative mode and workshops. I'm not a survival type gamer, I do love to create. The creative mode is the reason I love it so much, I'm not into crafting I think that's too much work just to create something. Gotta love unlimited blocks. The workshop feature just extends the already limitless possibilites. Great game, I highly recommend it for players who love building with blocks! Word to the devs!"
76561198094331837,Recommended,254200,21333161,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Dragon55,"First thing: This is an early access game, things won't be 100% polished. In the state it currently is, it's extremely addicting and fun to play. You could spend 200+ hours even in it's current state and enjoy every minute.The developer, a single person, continually releases patches on bleeding edge. I'm in the beta (which is a step higher) and even there you get a lot of nice updates still. The core version won't tend to see updates often, so i recommend opting into beta.Onto the review!There is so much potential for this game. If you like minecraft but sucked at building and making things look nice, or like playing with redstone, then you'll love this game without a doubt. It also makes buidling a breeze with the ability to place an entire row of blocks in a single click. I don't usually go out and buy games, espically if I've never head of it. But after watching video's of it for a bit I really became interested. And man it's the best game under $15 i've ever bought. You won't find much of multiplayer quite yet (it's still somewhat of a wip) but there is so much to do even so. The future of this game will only get better.Even if it's current state was it's final state, I wouldn't feel like I wasted my money. So come join, support this game, tell your friends and your free time will never be used for anything else again."
76561197970696431,Recommended,254200,20929961,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Badacid.Velox,I have so much love for this game! Put nearly 30 hours into it and i'm not even 200 blocks deep. Only another several thousand to go!
,Recommended,254200,21224423,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kaziarl,"A technically complete game that is still being worked on, it's easy to dismiss this as a ""Minecraft Clone"" due to the voxel based game world. But there are aspects of FortressCraft Evolved that blow Minecraft right out of the water (and I really like Minecraft).For one, the world size. It's massive. I have found cave systems that could contain the build height limit of Minecraft, and then some. I have tunneled straight down and have so far gone well past 7,000 meters below the surface level, while Minecraft goes from 0 to a comparatively limited 255.As for the gameplay itself, it can be very technical. You have to build a logistics and mining network to defend your base from attacks, generate power, and be very careful not to feed any near by hive minds.In terms of how long you are playing? Well... I'll admit I'm probably not the best player, but so far I've put in 112 hours and haven't reached the ""End Game"" as of yet."
,Recommended,254200,21371635,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,NathanHoltBeader,"This game has had me obsessed for a couple weeks, and I gather it is still being improved.  However, I'm taking a break from playing it because it is getting tedious.  First, the game puts you on a short leash because of your need to keep recharging your suit.  After a lot of research and obtaining some iron and lithium, you can set up a camp on the surface to charge your suit and Arthur (your advicea and power done), but all the goodies are underground, and it's easier to not get lost if you dig your own tunnels.  There is also a short leash because your one and only smelter can only smelt 100 ore blocks at a time, yielding 25 metal ingots each time, and there are projects you would want to do (like get ore distributed to your doorstep) that require hundreds.  I've spent most of yesterday babysiting my smelter, and doing a little exploration while it's smelting the latest hundred pack.  Expect to do a lot of gophering before you can automate anything."
76561197994792333,Recommended,254200,23908902,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Innominate,"Amazing game, but it will take you time to learn the ins and outs of the different components and work through the game progression.  Be prepared for tens, if not hundreds of hours for your first play-through, every minute being challenging and enjoyable.  Definitely a game for those who love engineering challenges!"
76561198213956744,Recommended,254200,19706939,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nockster_,"Fun game, great look, highly recomended if you're into such games"
76561197964656995,Recommended,254200,22175110,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Samugar,"So I've never writen a review but since I love this gameso much I figured why not? Pretty much minecraft and factorio got together. had a baby and named it Fortresscraft. Dig deep under ground, build a base with what you find and defend it from bigger and bigger hordes of enemies. Almost has been getting updated almost every month with new stuff! Easily a 10/10."
76561197992398183,Recommended,254200,22299408,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Clsupra,"To enjoy this game to the fullest u need a decent comp. Other then that this is an AWESOME game, with over 150 hours played i still havent experienced all this game has to offer."
76561197990940992,Recommended,254200,19043099,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,eccleston+karis,"Excellent game so far.  My 7 year old Son and I just played for a couple of hours, and although I think the tutorial could continue for a little while longer (guide us thru finding our first ore). but once we got the hang of it it was hard to stop playing and make my Son go to bed!   Really want to play again but promised him I would wait!Looking forward to the weekend, hoping for rain :-)PS  Yes it looks somewhat like Minecraft but plays nothing like it, in the two hours I've played FortressCraft it's already MUCH deeper than the LARGE amount of time I've played Minecraft with my Son."
76561198002279671,Recommended,254200,19166298,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cannochi,"This game is tons of fun.If you have played minecraft and enjoyed building things like automatic sugar cane farms, I bet you will love this game.Keep in mind though that in almost every other aspect this game is very different than minecraft.It plays to it's unique strengths. Resource management is a huge deal as well as careful planning of your power systems, ore mining, and item transport systems.Also, as your exploitation of the planet grows, your base starts getting attacked. So you build defenses to protect your base and your precious supplylines."
76561198028101712,Recommended,254200,19245498,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,kajidiablo,this game seems fun i havent been able to get into it very much played around found some ore...fell to my death....froze to death geting ore......tried to get out before hypothermia set in.....smashed skull in till i died i need more friends who play this multiplayer seems like the gem to this game 9/10 would freeze my body while bashing my skull in again
,Recommended,254200,18252290,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,TVRock,Love the game it's one of those rare game you sometime findmy only problem is i've never last very long :( the bug overwhelm me alot Theirs way to manyI wish that their where more varity of weapons to use like cannons and mini guns tolight up the sky ....But other wise it's a work in progress that can only mean that it will get better
76561198054783322,Recommended,254200,19771777,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,karlschmitz2,"I have given very few game reviews, but this game is totally addictive.  I love it."
,Recommended,254200,19774576,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,The Ginger Bread Man,Amazin. Devs are really nice and super active. The creator of the game puts out updates the community asks for and actually plays his own game. He streams and test and activly paticipates in the game and its community. Always fun to play and never the same thing. Worth buying 100%
,Recommended,254200,10308364,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,123,"Not yet finished and polished, but definately an interesting game.  You can either focus on building in creative mode, where the macro tools make huge elaborate creations a lot more feasable than in something like minecraft, or on resource collection and development in survival.  Either way, it's definately worth the 6 dollars or so just to play around with."
,Recommended,254200,25292468,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Xargon Bloodscale,"Imagine Factorio in 3D.Now imagine that, but with 10 times as much content.Now imagine it being somewhat realistic, but satisfyingly futuristic.That's FortressCraft Evolved.This game is brilliant for those of you who love to commit to doing something for a long time, making things more efficient and faster constantly. There's always something that could be improved, something that finally fixes that annoying little hang-up that's slowing down your factory."
,Recommended,254200,29921487,Posted: 14 February,all,Kanersps,"Well, here we go.Lets start off with when I initially got this game. The game was way too hard to get into for a new player. It was literally horrendous and I got bored within an hour. If I had reviewed the game then I would've said that noone should buy this game. And I think I would be right then. But! The game has changed, massively. This time around the game was nice and helped me get started, if you know what to actually do then this game is a masterpiece. It's great fun and there is so much to do. Just the initial learning curve is a tight bit annoying but that is needed for a game like this. I reccomend everyone to get this game immediatly."
,Recommended,254200,25411479,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,LotheronPrime,"I don’t normally write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so because this game should really have more concurrent players.I say that because the amount of content in this game is astounding compared similar games.  I’m a long time Feed the Beast player, from the original builds to the newest FTB Expert / Skyblock Expert.  This game feels every bit as complete and getting more content quickly.I originally purchased the game last winter sale and while I liked the game, it didn’t take to me yet, but knew I’d like to come back once some of the bugs have been ironed out.  This has happened in the last 9 months or so and this game will be one of my goto building/tech/factory games.If you like FTB and Factorio, this is the perfect meld of these two types of games.  Give the price the release cycle of FCE, BUY IT NOW and support a developer that listens to the community and updates their games often with quality updates!"
76561198068768597,Recommended,254200,28519290,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nightwish,"As of writing this i have logged 160+ hours and i can say it is a great game, i got it on sale and then decided to buy all the expansions for full price to help the dev DJ out, he is very passionate about this game so alot of people like to say hes rude, but being passionate and rude are two different things... if you like minecraft with mods such as buildcraft, thermal expansion etc with just a touch of gregtech and fortress defence then this will be the game for you. the learning curve is a bit steep if you have never played modded MC if you have then it will be just a small adjustment period. i could go on and on but ill just be short and say buy it. there is another exp planned soon and will contain robots that will be like thaumcraft golums and he is constantly adding free updates as well."
76561198076547501,Recommended,254200,28571768,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Smos,Great game developer is constantly adding more and more to the game i hope to see this game hit the big time one day
,Recommended,254200,17700317,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Geek,"One of the best Voxle games I have ever played, And it's nothing like minecraft other than being Voxle game! Like others are saying its all about machines not hand tools."
,Recommended,254200,11957088,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Dustbag,"It has potential, but in it's current state it has so many bugs. Even the core element: The blocks, are bugged out. Surfaces of the blocks sometimes stay, even though the block itself has been demolished. This is a pain..Yet I still wanna play it."
,Recommended,254200,16118966,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Arigas,"A nice take at the genre, has some good potential. Find myself coming back every so often to play."
,Recommended,254200,23979269,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Schnorf,"Many people seem to complain about the game being too grindy or the tutorial being not helpful because it only teaches the basic basics.Many people are apparently not playing the game in the way that this game should be played: by automating everything.The early game can be a really bad and boring grind, but only if you are either sitting at your base and waiting for your ore extractors to dig up some ore and then grab it to smelt it at your base or exploring too much too early and as result of either, not having enough automation going on, which results in slowing the game to a crawl.If you truly feel like the game is far too grindy, my advice would be to look up a tutorial or something that teaches you how to *actually* play.Oh and the latest patch brought a rather large amount of improvements to early game progression to help starting in a new world.The game itself can easily called a 3D factorio, although that would be a bit too simple - Fortresscraft has many features that allow it to be similiar and yet different, such as the world being literally infinitely deep and having massive underground caverns (which make the ones in minecraft look like caverns for ants) to explore.Overall, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to fans of basebuilding, automation and tower defense. (The upcoming expansion will also add tower defense comparable to the Creeper World series, which is great too!)"
76561197970652419,Recommended,254200,22321331,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Strategic Zombie,This is a great game.  For those of you that like Minecraft but want more of a challenge you will like this.
76561198087878778,Recommended,254200,19171729,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Supreem Reedar,This game at first glnce seemed like just another crappy minecraft knock-off... but BOY was i wrong.FCE is almost fundementally different to minecraft when u get down to the basics.i would recommend this game to anyone that likes challenging voxel based adventure sandbox games.
76561198053304642,Recommended,254200,19175811,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,LostAngel1000,A very interesting Minecraft-ish game with a fun system of Automation and mining that will keep you busy learning how you will make automatic mining sytems and building defensive systems.
,Recommended,254200,19769467,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mr.Hounds [Blink Gaming],I have 16h on record with this game and i am completely addicted to it. Would recommend to Gamers who like putting decent time into a nicely paced game.
,Recommended,254200,10626134,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,✪ FlameDirect,"Although this is still in development you can see the possibilities. A bit bugged thats true, but imo the developer is trying his best to deliver."
76561198031709967,Recommended,254200,19105955,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Relentless,Easily worth it.
,Recommended,254200,26372302,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,PartyPollo,"FCE is a lot of fun in my first 10 hours of play. The feeling of progression is great as you explore, build, and automate. The system building is the part that has hooked me most, but there's no gameplay element that I dislike.My one complaint is that the learning curve seems steep. I had to lookup how a lot of the basics work because the tutorial is so short and doesn't really give you much information. Even now, research options don't always describe what they'll achieve, so I have to search online for more detailed summaries. Contextual help in the game gives some details, but even then it's not always clear.All in all though, this game is worth the learning curve. I seem myself playing this a fair amount going forward. There is constantly new things to do and improve. 10 hours in, and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface."
,Recommended,254200,8847798,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,rePool,"I could never seem to get into Minecraft.  It always felt dull to me.  Trust me, I've tried quite a few times and friends have gone as far as letting me use their accounts to try and get a good full few days worth in it.Nope, still didn't like it.  I was suggested to try some mods.  Now maybe it's just me, but if I need to also download some mods to make a game a little more enjoyable, it's already lost me.Now FortressCraft Evolved, considering I never really understood how I could like these types of games really caught my eye firstly by it's price.  I think the price is too low.  Then by the quality and the world.  I can't fully compare Minecraft to FCE but considering FCE caught me instantly and i played 9 hours the first day straightw, I'd say that says something.Not to mention the lighting effects are beautiful.  For it's price, it's a steal."
76561198033623112,Recommended,254200,24044786,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Horses,Awesome Game!!!Can't wait for patch 9...
,Recommended,254200,19711003,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheMadZero,an in depth sandbox game that wil keep yo bussy for days even weeks or months
76561198044035871,Recommended,254200,9211407,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,FlickPoo,"loved it but i cant find out how to really do anything in this game i do really need a help video or something of that nature and if you looking for a minecraft fast paced bigger place, this is the one for you"
,Recommended,254200,9185141,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MrHappyface11,"This game is fun. you can build whatever you want, and has better graphics than Minecraft. Get this game its only $5.99. Have fun playing!"
76561197976712837,Recommended,254200,25239748,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,cris301000,"I never write reviews but since this game just became my most played game on steam and i'm still on my 1st map so i think I should share my experience.It's addictive, it's a lot of management, there's always something else to do. Last time I got this deep into a game was WOW 10 years ago. If you got something to do you need to do it right, always think bigger, large scale. I ended up redoing my whole base a few time and it's worth it, it's necessary, if it doesn't work you're doing it wrong, think bigger, automate, optimise transit for you and your ressources.It may not be 100% complete, lots of much wanted helpfiles aren't done yet but I prefer a good game with active work in progress than seeing the end of it. Best indie game ever, much better than most AAA titles, be ready to sink hundreds of hours on normal mode."
76561197970711894,Recommended,254200,24172258,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ddmath,"I have been submerged in the game for a number of days now. I have barely scratched the surface and yet I have about 50 hours on each of two worlds I have created. There is a lot to like here, if you like building games, you get to start from about nothing and work up from there. If you have played Factorio it is kinda like that, and not like it too. I think the research in Factoria can be a lot faster, but then I haven't really automated enough in FCE yet to know if that is true.The 3D aspect is a lot of fun, and the world shaping and stuff just eats up my time. I level hills, fill in valleys, build walls, make neat tunnels, etc. I have never played Minecraft, but my understanding is that the movement and shaping in FCE is much faster and easier. I guess it looks similar but does play very different from my understanding.All in all I have really been enjoying the challenge of finding the ore, building up enough to work to automating getting it to the surface so I can smelt it and then use it for research and more building stuff.I would recommend watching a play through or two on youtube, there are some great folks there. Even though the game has changed over time the mechanics are mainly unchanged so you get a good feel for how much there is to do and to play with!tl;dr I liked it a lot, you should get it."
76561198042288584,Not Recommended,254200,26323208,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Machine Medic,"Nothing but problems.1.) Lighting:The lighting system as it is currently implemented is completely broken.  Bloom effects are amped-up through the roof while ambient/""natural"" light is nonexistent, making this a very dark game - such that it is borderline unplayable.  I cannot begin to describe how difficult it is to see anything while playing.  Reference the attached images and judge for yourself:https://www.dropbox.com/sh/esvp0oxvj0acs7v/AACsUL_dAlfPxAZReeVmVO2ea?dl=0Depicted is a subsurface coal vane about 1-2 blocks below the surface that has been exposed.  One screenshot shows the coal in natural light, the other with a flashlight directed at it on maximum power.  Also included are screenshots of various tunnels being illuminated by a flashlight on maximum power.2.) User interface:There are very few user-configurable audio or video settings.- No brightness/gamma control- No UI scale control- No key binding (must exit and change within the Unity launcher)In addition, the control scheme is extremely awkward.  It is completely alien to that of any other game, including Factorio and Minecraft.3.) Save time on shutdown:For some reason, this game implements a savefile compression system that activates after you confirm that you want to exit to desktop.  This system will operate for well over a minute before allowing the game to shut down unless you cancel it by clicking ""exit now"".4.) Sound design:The sound design in this game is a bit of a let-down.  It tries way too hard to be a blend of retro-futuristic bleeps, bloops and machine sounds, but ends up sounding more like a bunch of stock files that were tweaked in Audacity.  This is not a deal breaker by any means, but it really helps to make this game feel like a cheap one-off.  (The main menu alone contains audio elements that pop and crackle as they move around, and at least one horribly obvious 60Hz ground loop.)I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone.  I was very hesitant to try it based on the other negative reviews below, but I purchased it for ~$12 w/ DLC nonetheless at the recommendation of a friend.  I will be refunding this title immediately.Caveat emptor.To the developer(s?):  The main problems with your game are not related to lack of features or content.  Your game isdesperatelyin need of usability refinements and technical polish.  When it comes to your UI and lighting systems: Instead of trying to defy convention at every opportunity, take a few hints from other games that have been massively successful.  In addition to everything mentioned above, focus on the little things that make a huge difference - like placing ""tutorial"" elements into dialog boxes, instead of floating them above peoples' heads or behind machines where they will never be seen.System specs for reference:2560x1440 144Hz displayGTX 980tii7 5820k32GB DDR4(All overclocked)"
76561198180499521,Recommended,254200,32619162,Posted: 21 June,all,Menos,"It covers your basic ""build an automated factory"" needs, but it stops there right away.The graphics are horrible, UI and controls are whacky, there is no real goal beside farming resources, and even that is implemented only in a very basic way (for an automation simulator). Still worth if you are into the whole factory thing, but don't expect too much. Also development seems dead, so don't expect the game to get any better anytime soon."
76561198070666815,Recommended,254200,8679301,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Morgan Freeman,"nice game,with bugs but it will be an awesome game if it has more updates"
76561198072050131,Recommended,254200,9765929,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,official pizza hut logo,Like Skyrim but with guns.10/10
76561198115844577,Recommended,254200,24123255,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[BOTWG] Baron,this is a great game --- now go buy it
,Recommended,254200,24147900,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,♛ T-ARA - What's my name? ♛,Great game :)
,Recommended,254200,25770364,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ptolemy I (#2 was a loser),"This is, by far, the best survival game I have ever played. the combination of Tower defense, automation, survival, and exploration is exquisite. Not only that, but the sheer amount of replayability is staggering. Each playthrough is unique not just because of procedural generation, but also because each playthrough is a new chance to try new automation methods, new turret setups, design new power grids, etc. if you aren't very patient or don't like intellectual games, however, this may not be for you. The first play through will take a while, as it takes a while to learn everything, and creating massive mining and manufacturing operations is very difficult, even for a veteran Talos Principle player like myself. The game has a few flaws, such as the fact it is very taxing and creative mode is rather lacking, but other than that it is great. Heck, if you have any questions, you can ask the developer directly by tuning into his daily developement live streams on the Projector Games youtube channel. I give Fortresscraft Evolved a 9/10."
76561197964835014,Recommended,254200,26311179,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gourin,"As everything on this Planet, this Game is not perfect, but from my point of view it's way above average level.If you like the Idea of building and optimising Factories spanning hundreds of meters in all Directions and got some Patience to learn the Basics, - go for it.And No, you don't need to buy any DLC to have many (can easily take over 100) hours of fun!"
76561198097547983,Recommended,254200,10728624,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bison63,"Great Game! Enjoyable game play, an increasing arsenal of complex  machinery, massively deep worlds, and interesting challenges. As any early access game there are a few bugs and issues that could be fixed, but stiil a fun game. I would like to see even more machinery, more simple ways of getting back to your home base,  something like an overheat once you get to a depth where the tempeture starts to rise, more different reasources, lots more enemys ( I have not seen any within the game), and a larger surface for worlds. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,254200,10920978,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Yrula8,"This is a great starter game if you want to get away from Minecraft. Starting out seems tedious at first, but stick with it and things get better. Couldn't really figure out how to get started, but after pecking away at the keys and watching a few videos I began to understand how to play. Still in the ""Early Access"" stage, can't wait to see and play the full release."
,Not Recommended,254200,8849573,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Xcaliber,"FortessCraft is a very powerfull building game that does outshine others of the same type, the only downside in my opinion is that the game is hard to understand for anyone who is new to this type of game there is little info and is a bit confusing at first i think if they added some more info and change the menu screen it will be a hit game, my main points that i do not like =Menu is annoying, moving into different rooms with arrow keys does not do it for me i like my mouse.not enough info to get people on the right line, maybe a tutorial that makes people play it standad.on the flip side this is already a good game and it has potential, but personaly minecraft being basic is why i like it so much  i think games like this can end up being ( OTT ) as you can do everything really fast so theres no gain or sence of achivment as the game has done all the work, i do cross my fingers for this game and wish the guys well who are making it - Good luck"
,Recommended,254200,8097944,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,[Code9] LTC Mike Hunt,"Fun game. Early access is the key, I can see this game having huge improvement once it is fully released. Some mechanics are weird, but overall it's a different style game with a great feel. Enjoying my time with the achievements and so on."
,Recommended,254200,11424695,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[CoFR]Kendrick,I am an avid builder playing things like TA i have massive fortresses for a base.  This game greatly apeals to that building nature. You are given a MASSIVE world to play in and either have survival mode or just plain building [For Now its early access].    You remove or shuffle the blocks that make this world and make a place for you.  Survival leaves you on an unexplored world after your ship crashes fighting aginst the cold  and much more.  Use your Creativity to survive and get the resources you need.  Currently they are working on the base mechanics of the world but it is immensly enjoyable for me with just the basic building parts.[Note:] This game can take all your pc has to throw at it. I have a celeron using built in video and that runs well enough.  those with massive pc's the game will use as much as it can to render further etc.
76561198055382569,Recommended,254200,24111641,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Comrade Fluffs,"I have played this for a few hundred hours no.it looks incredibly grindy at first, but if you do even the most basic of automation you'l find that it's not.I suspect that the game will provide me for at least a 100 hours more of pure entertainment before i'l think ""and now what?""Frozen Factory expension comes out soon wich will add more stuff, defenitly going to get that.10/10 no regretsSlight edit: i saw a lot of people claiming this is a minecraft and factorio clone,it's absolutly not.Not to mention the fact that this game existed even before factorio existed. and calling it a minecraft clone is just plain ignorant since the only thing it has in common with minecraft is that it's a voxel world. paople also complain about the developer, but he's a very nice person, go watch his steams if you don't beleive me!"
76561198002954695,Not Recommended,254200,26594432,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Terrahertz,"It's like a very slow, 3D version of Factorio that is bloated to total confusion.After all feels like a waste of time because i did not have the fun i had expected.What annoys me is that you cannot really automate a lot of things because there are too many kinds of intermediate products with just a limited amount of uses. Seems like the dev is just producing content without thinking a lot about each single item in the big picture."
76561198014033374,Not Recommended,254200,22026070,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,m2ark,I like the game for the most part.  The developers need to change the way ores are managed.  They have two categories; known and unknown.  In several games I ran out of minerals to enable more advanced ore scanning.
,Recommended,254200,14162737,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ziron,2 years later i still play this game from my first review now from 50 hours to 500 hours i figured i should update the review...It is still an amazing game and i still like it.Absolutely amazing progression and the game is 1000000x better with the expansion get it!!!After defeating the original game it get's so much more in depth it's amazingPlans to go to space is next which is just amazing as wellMy ONLY beef with the game is when they introducted robotics i was thinking factorio(still the best robotics system i've ever seen by far). but instead it was just logic directions to create paths for land like robots. Basically with conveyors & matter movers just being better i don't understand the real point of them.It seriously needs a blueprint system or something like it to create a planned already built system and you can just make it with the required materials. Example would be to create a mining system for another location and be able to just build it all at once with the required materials(this is where the robots i'm talking about would of been amazing) dev needs to play factorio a bit haha.
,Recommended,254200,12482507,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Warik Yacent,"Game is fun, graphic are good but can't wait for a fully functional interface, lots of buttons are not working, I would recommend this games, but devellopment is slow amd lots is left to do. SO for that I don't recommand this game.Update: With the new features, it's better. But I will change my Not Recommended when in survival mode has mobs that can attack youUpdate 9/7/2015: Just watch the 3.3 hrs videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHTDdt_C_Ucand I must say I'm pleased with the changes, and the plan changes. I still say that the buttons that are not yet scripted should be removed or gray out and NOT clickable. Really happy to see the developer are still working on it. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,254200,14136500,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Green Light,"This game is great man , great concepts and graphics , but i think more scifi stuffs make it better like hover train for mine , bigger storage , bigger generator , more ores , specific ore scan , more tools , and more mobs , worth it :v"
76561198042491372,Recommended,254200,14800926,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Punosaurus,"I neither recommend nor hate this product, it does have a steep learning curve though"
76561198137013405,Recommended,254200,18105510,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Kradoit,Looks cool is cool there may be some stuff i needs but its in early acess so its ok
76561198062225355,Recommended,254200,19038376,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Feralhunter,It has been a good game with some ups and downs. I played it a lot while it was in alpha and the devs where very hands on with community and still are. I like it and can recommend it for people in a single player aspect. Mp still has some issues but they continue to work on that. The game is a lot of fun and I hope they continue to make sales so they can continue to add to the game and make it even better.
,Recommended,254200,19369248,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Me And Myself,"Yes,there are blocks.this is where the similarities end between this and minecraft............if i ever figure this game out.i'll add more to this review."
,Recommended,254200,21737702,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SerjNalej,"While still in the development stage, FC Evolved still provides a plethora of things to keep you occupied while build and advancing your way through the technology tree.I would like to see some more in the way of building materials but with the games heavy focus on the tech and the logistics of collecting resources, I am not sure we will see much improvement on that front.  That is not to say that building is a wasted effort.  With a little bit of creativity and ingenuity you can create some pretty impressing structures and fortresses.The method of researching new tech through discovery and a later stage Research Laboratory was a welcome change to other methods I have seen leveraged.  I cannot wait to see what awaits for Tier 4 and beyond.The survival mode GUI is still a bit rudimentary but it has been promised by the developers that it will see improvement by the time the game is finished.  A hopper GUI is a much anticipated addition.All said and done, FC Evolved is an immensely immersive game that will provide hours of frustration and enjoyment as you work to gain new tech and build the most epic of fortresses all while trying to fend of the attacks of the local population.I will continue to play and look forward to the further development of the game and happily purchase any and all DLC and Expansion packs to support the amazing work done by the developers."
,Recommended,254200,21765712,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,badminton,"Now that it's had a bunch of updates and I don't think the base game is going to change much more without DLC I think I could write a proper review.Still worth a thumbs up, there's hundreds of hours here if you can stick with it. The only criticisms I have are:the inconsistent naming scheme for PCBs and research pods - why not just name them after what they're made from like everything else?the agonisingly slow start - early expansion appears to be restricted solely to add hours played, even though most of it is just waiting for ore to be smelted or items to be researchedthe boring reliance on tiers, or multiple versions of the same object as a way to increase complexity - having fewer items made from multiple ore types would be better IMOAll of those are easily fixed through modding or completely disappear within 5 or 6 hours (sooner if you know what you're doing).It's pretty smooth sailing from there :)"
,Recommended,254200,19043000,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Faesyn,"I have played FortressCraft Evolved on and off for a while now with friends. Usually till something new breaks multiplayer. It happens while developing games. For example, at the moment of review the host of our game is crashing when someone else shoots a mob. But that won't stop us from playing and enjoying Fortresscraft, and I'm sure it will be fixed in the future. The game has come a long way since the first time I have played it, and while I might not be a pro at playing, I enjoy hopping on with friends and crafting the world~"
76561198105801947,Recommended,254200,14798377,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,darcova,"the torches are buggy, or it is the game, i can't get at iron because i can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥no mater how many torches i place after i leave the world the first time, can the devs fix this please, other wise i love the game"
,Recommended,254200,14968432,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,letting a friend use it,iv always been a fan of the FC games and i think this is a good editon
,Recommended,254200,19914432,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Maerus,Love it! this is my first review ever....
,Recommended,254200,21396816,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,AHopelessEndevor,Works great on linux but not at all on windows 7. Game just freezes at a certain point in world creation and remains unresponsive.
76561198231491872,Recommended,254200,21773183,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Black Death,Its a really good game but there is a problem that when you collect ores from  an extractor the ores will eiter not appear at all or there will be a delay from when they appear and when you collect it.
,Recommended,254200,21793947,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MrSheep49,"Best 20€ ever spend ! I thought first that Minecraft was the best but I was wrong, this game is the best! Lots of feature and things to do! Buy this game for your own now and to feed DjArcas and his cats.P.S: DjArcas is a sheep kicker, But he is nice. :)"
76561198070964864,Recommended,254200,15813872,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Sniper,"TL DR SectionThe game probably should have not been released as early access in current state. Enemies were not implemented yet, instructions are far from appropriate… If you bear this in mind, you are ford of creative mode and in survival you tolerate many aspects missing, you can like it. Otherwise give it another year and return then for better game.Detailed SectionCreative modeI tested only few minutes to get achievements, it seemed to work, but i tis not my cup of tea so for feedback on that check other reviews.Survival modeThis was the part I bought the game for and put full day of play in. The name „Fortresscraft“ evoked in me that I will face enemies and build fortress to repel them… well, no. Enemies are not implemented yet and so this part of game does not exist.The survival in current game is about energy - how you prevent to lose it and how you handle when you on zero not to freeze/burn/die from falling damage, nothing more and nothing less. So far I play my first play and have not died once because I am cautious (although I twice did mistake nearly costing me life).Information / TutorialOn start you have few pages to read – and frankly, who wants to read so much text? Afterwards, although there is nice feature of research of everything, it is not used to serve information in nice small relevant packets. What a shame.I fear that this part was heavily underestimated with regards of „early access“ – and by that discouraging many new players not able to absorb the game system.MovementGame gives player very powerful tool – grappling hook. It seems to me that easiness of movement around is dependent on mastery of this helpful companion. It allows quick ascending, but also horizontal movement.And for moving down there is falling… 20 blocks of fall being ok was something I had trouble with in the beginning, but then I got used to it and started to make my digging to use this as advantage.Summary: if you will make ways minecraft way, you will spend a lot of time makong stairs where they are not needed and simple shaft-mining is more rewarding.Resources / AutomationGame has two types of resources – blocks and ores- Blocks are rapidly mined by hand. There are many types of blocks but sadly with nearly no difference – why is there hewn stone, stone and deep stone is quite a question for me (it is not even to mark depth, as for that you have your HUD. And why only hewn stone can be used as item for crafting is again very questionable.Ores are mined through mining devices – and are probably intended for core concept of automation (so you build way to provide them with fuel or raw energy and to bring what they dug back). But that is simply not working for me and is demotivating by fact that the ore vein is depletable so what I build will stop to work sooner or later. Also smelting the ore in smelter is example of punishing mechanism – if you do not set it right and provide not enough energy, all will be wasted on failed attempt to heat it up with no real smelting in the end.SummaryAlthough my comments are showing mainly negative aspects of current state of the game, I believe it has potential and as it is in early access, I give it positive result. Still, there is much to do and I believe that some of core concepts will need revision, especially when enemies will be added – they can change the game to be addictive… or not. I hope for the first."
76561197964905076,Recommended,254200,21721509,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,idea.man,rather good for alpha. intro needs work. he just changed the engine so the textures look like a mix between nice and blurred. the gameplay is fun even at this stage.Guy should hire help on this because it has excellent potential. Fun to play.
,Recommended,254200,21826788,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Krimson,Buy ItPlay ItOptimize ItRestart ItThis game is great and is one of the best purchases I have made in a while. If you like games like Factorio and Minecraft then this is a great game for you.
76561198026706309,Recommended,254200,29167134,Posted: 10 January,all,Snoipur,"Has great potential, I hope theres going to be more content and updates in the future like more polish."
76561197992621823,Recommended,254200,20843559,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,krytic,"Seriously underrated! Great game that feels like a mixture of minecraft, modded minecraft (Technic/Tekkit/FTB), and Factorio."
76561198084309180,Recommended,254200,19735112,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,INFAMOUSLY DERPY,Great game love it so far but i wish the multiplayer worked more since i cant use unpn connections it is useless i would suggest making it so you can use hamachi with it
76561198020551044,Recommended,254200,19845022,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Somna,"I have already played this game more hours than any other of my Steam games. I was rather surprised when I saw that because I normally play games in short spurts. This one, however, I am only more obsessed with and I feel like I've only scratched the surface."
76561198004469707,Recommended,254200,19739744,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,General Dagna,This game is something that I've wanted to have around for while and this is for sure worth the price. The game as with most early acess games it need balancing and work but the devs seem active and interested in the game. The major quirk I have with the game is there are points where i had to afk pretty much while i waiting for things to process and/or collect. If your interested in a voxel based world where you automate factories I for sure reconmend this game.
,Recommended,254200,19813652,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,skootah,This game is is everything you wanted Minecraft to be.  Best game I've played in years.
76561198030599707,Recommended,254200,19888825,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BoxOfHats,This is a fantastic logistics management game. It is a bit slow early on but once you reach tier 2 the game speeds up a lot. The lead dev streams often and discusses development and features with the players. Definitely recommend the game for anybody who enjoys puzzle solving and resource management.
,Recommended,254200,20853234,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,xilni,If you like survival games with a strong emphasis on designing automated systems then this is for you. Looking forward to seeing more features implemented and the UI could use a polish.
,Recommended,254200,29307067,Posted: 16 January,all,Waz,"Automate or perish.This game balances resources just right such that progressively every new item in the game turns into something you'll need hundreds or thousands of and will thus set up automation for producing it. With the ""plentiful"" resource and power settings, nothing feels grindy at all, but even then you will eventually burn through even multi-million ore resource veins, and have to open a second mine for that ore (eg. gold was mine when producing vast numbers of missiles).If you like Minecraft tech mods, this game will exceed anything you've done before.My only complaint is multiplayer, which seems a bit laggy even on a 1Gbps LAN, though I haven't tried tuning it yet."
76561198056488766,Recommended,254200,29612509,Posted: 31 January,all,Akita,"A lot of fun and very addicting!  The developer is very active in the forums and seems to respond to player input.  Lots of very cool game concepts and things to work on.  Many different ways of doing things, so if you dont like your factory one way, tear it up and do it a different way.  I spend way too much time playing this game!"
76561197971825130,Recommended,254200,29641275,Posted: 1 February,all,Haapy,"This game is awesome. Automate everything! It is released, but the developer is actively expanding it (the benefits of early access, without the bugs and crashes!). There is enough complexity here for dozens (maybe hundreds) of hours of fun. If you like crafty survival-ish games, this is a definite buy."
76561198150668714,Recommended,254200,33503770,Posted: 13 July,all,deathshroom86,"Very rewarding game for those who learn to maxamize the efficiency of base design. I spent countless hours just reworking smelting and extraction systems to push thousands of ore. Then I had to rework hauling systems to bring up the massive amounts of ore. After this you find yourself needing to build up to 10-20 missles per second to defend off attacks with threat maxed out.  You have to make use of every system possible, from hoppers and belts to tubes and lifts to matter movers and falcors to get the job done.Only aspect I have not bobbled with much is mass storage...I probably should since the rework."
76561197984851121,Recommended,254200,29193891,Posted: 11 January,all,Zaltark,"I cant say I support this game. After trying to start a few times and getting through the tutorial, the game keeps freezing whenevre I ping for more minerals. Also had a bug where I couldnt use anything from my inventory. Very buggy game, Id say it isnt finished and should still be in beta.The dev commented and told me a temporary way to get around the crashes. It works for now. Thus far afer not crashing all the time the game is alright, exactly what its described as."
,Recommended,254200,33472126,Posted: 11 July,all,Gmines,"This game is great, I find myself thinking throughout the day how can I improve my base?  The depth of this game is unbelievable 100 hrs in and I still have much to learn (according to the game I'm halfway through research).  The only possible negative is the amount of time it takes to get started but it is well worth it once you are.  I would 100% recommend this game to anyone that ever wanted a game like minecraft where machines do the hard work for you."
,Recommended,254200,34813184,Posted: 8 September,all,Mandarin,"This is a decent voxel game that focuses on logistics. You will contantly be asking yourself how will I get all all those resources to my base and now that I have them, how do I setup my production to best make use of them. Everything you do will need tons of them to the point that if you don't automate all the things, you wont really get anywhere.I've read a few reviews on steam that compare this game to minecraft which is true, but it would be closer to modded minecraft. Buildcraft and IC2 easily come to mind. There is also a research aspect plus a very linear tower defense game thrown in.Gameplay has been stable for the most part, but I have seen some random FPS drops, missing textures, and the occasional inventory issue."
,Not Recommended,254200,19659051,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,jordi,bad game i dont like it en i realy want to sel it
,Recommended,254200,28945700,Posted: 2 January,all,Burrberry,Great Game! Love all of the automation there is for mining. Definitely worth the buy!
,Recommended,254200,34850083,Posted: 9 September,all,zsmate13,"Really entertaining game!I enjoyed playing the game, because I like sandbox games. The graphics are fine too. I can recommend this."
,Recommended,254200,29615808,Posted: 31 January,all,Arakus_,"This game is phenomenal. Sure it's not perfect but as an avid 'base builder' and 'factory builder' that religiously looks for new and exciting games in this genre FCE has completely taken me over. I have hundreds of hours into this game and keep coming back to it night after night.It does live in the same family with Factorio but it's not fair to either to say they are the same. I'm a huge factorio fan myself but have spent more time in FCE due to cosmetic and the more in depth base building aspects it provides.Give it a try and stick with it, the learning curve is a bit high but the reward is worth it. Once you grasp the basics the mod community is really quite good and there's great additions to the game you can find in the workshop.DJ also works tirelessly on this project and is constantly in touch with the community through discord and his streams, join the discord and ask any questions you may have! The community is always there and always willing to help."
76561198091046231,Recommended,254200,29077976,Posted: 6 January,all,brehmluke,"Awesome game and awesome developer, I even made a Patreon account just to support him.I have over 100 hours in and still no where near out of content.Such a great amount of playtime for the cost"
76561198042605121,Recommended,254200,20511476,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Merivita,Very fun game under constant development.  Devs are great at staying in contact with players and providing very quick bug fixes.  Definitely reccommend if you have a good amount of time.
,Recommended,254200,20511480,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lunicus,"This has been an amazing game so far and it's ever evolving. The dev is very active and actually listens to ideas. The gameplay is addictive and fun. I also enjoy all of the different tech tree elements that allow you to upgrade and explore more of the world.Honestly, my favorite part is the massive underground caves and the different lighting effects. Really awesome game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,254200,18379159,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Zealot780,an upgrade from the original on xbox
76561198150556615,Recommended,254200,21535271,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,HeavyStorm,an incredible game ill say this now this game is better then factorio and is nothjing like minecraft more features functions and gameplay for one so dont think its same
,Recommended,254200,21739611,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,lmaobit,An extemely technical sandbox game that will eat hours of your life away. I had to force myself to stop playing it.
,Recommended,254200,20934791,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,RaptorPort,Great game if you like building your automated base!
76561198144166872,Recommended,254200,21017078,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,sniperxblade,has the feel of minecraft but has many missing things in minecraft that i wanted like tech and automation
76561197968884421,Recommended,254200,21101593,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JayEff,"Sets itself apart from other voxel based games quite clearly. Is constantly being worked on. I enjoyed my time with it, and 10-ish euros for 50+ hours of gameplay is already a very good deal isn't it?"
,Recommended,254200,21122282,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zorilar,Very complicated! Lots of fun figuring things out!
76561198017607126,Recommended,254200,21150595,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,"JESUS CHRIST, IT'S JASON BOURNE","Awesome game, don't play right before bed."
76561198019098356,Recommended,254200,21163550,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,iSniffOreos,Fun and addicting!
76561198049938521,Recommended,254200,22073018,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Alillus,"I was a sceptic of this game at first. (Thought it would be a minecraft clone. Btw. its not its got the voxles and yes they remind one of minecraft, yes you mine but thats about as close to minecraft as it gets ) then  I decided eh why not its deciently priced for a game ill give it a go. I honestly didnt think i would like this game now im hooked i Dont notice what time it is till its waaaay past the time i need to get off. it is a lil slow in the beginning but once you start getting conveyer belts going you cant stop.So I crash land first time nooo idea what I'm doing. scan some blocks research some stuff find some ore. make trips back and forth to charge power and get ores. thought this is tedious make some belts n laser power no more trips. look for more ores.... WTF im under attack by what ... ooooo i made the wasps mad. set up turrets go back lookin for more ores. died died died some more. ooooo im to cold down here make better gear go deeper. ... how'd i die that time ... oooo toxic fumes..... make more gear go deeper. build lots and lots of more goodies. go exploreing ..... wth almost craped my self when i ran into a giant worm spittin acid.  more turrets ( feels safer .... )Honestly i could go on and on but theres so much to build / explore n do in this game it would take a long time to explain it all. but if you enjoy crafting / survival / builder games with logistics n factory line setups i would suggest this for you its waaaaaayyyyyyy better than minecraft it just has blocky voxels that look waaaay better than minecrafts anyway."
,Recommended,254200,22189978,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Catofdoom,This game for the 2 hours i've played have been fun it really reminds me of factoro or the Tekit Modpack in Mincraftedit- now i have played for about 50 hours that tells you how much time you can spend in this gameand its fairly fun but its not really like tekit its more like 3D factoro with mods more than anything. another thing to add is that it takes a long time for the train to get rolling so to say. well without mods at least.
,Recommended,254200,21176331,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ozhound,Hands down the best of its genre. DJ is always developing and releasing updates.♥♥♥♥♥♥hot
,Recommended,254200,21237477,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,WastedTactics,"FortressCraft Evolved, Is a remarkable blend of mechanics coupled together in awesomeness. Its like Factorio and a VERY tech heavy MODDED Minecraft had a baby together but didnt want it, so along came DjArcas and he raised and nurtured this creation into something magnificent......... and he's still making it! He is accepting feedback and development ideas from his discord channel and his twitch streams, I dont know many folks that do this, even in this day and age!Well, the shear magnitude of the game world is breath taking, finding a cavern throwing a glowstick and watching this fall without hitting the bottom, makes your stomach backflip and try to climb out of your mouth, meanwhile trying to navigate and plan routes for conveyors is merely one of several things that you will end up happily wasting several hours and more than one occassion!The progression is fantastic, the way it gets your mind thinking of ways to automate or improve a system.All in all, this is a beautiful game that has more than enough in content for the price as it stands and there is only more to come!!"
,Recommended,254200,21282446,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ferdi.faurie,Awesome game worth playing and Dev (DJArcas) is very active and open to sugestions and is also willing to explain why things are the way they are and can't be changed.Get it NOW!!!!!!
76561197976939633,Recommended,254200,20982059,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MadMonkey,"""Minecraft with machines"" is what I'd say if I had to describe Fortresscraft in three words. They look similar and play similarly for the most part.However, FCE is focused on machines, rather than farming. Even in an unfinished state it has significant depth, and the blessing of a dev who is happy to listen and to incorporate ideas from the community. The game has had constant updates since I first purchased it, and I keep coming back after the major ones to replay and see all the new content.It's already great, but once finished it will be fantastic. It's very worth the purchase.*UPDATE*The latest updates have had some issues IMHO. The game is still a lot of fun, but the Frozen Factory expansion is very grindy. The only reason I've kept playing is because I can fire it up at work for 6 hours and leave it alone.There's also a distinct feeling that the developer is no trying to force players into playing a very specific way and thus destroying the freedom that made the game so great in the first place. That's his prerogative as the designer, but that doesn't make it any less disappointing.If some of the more heavy-handed tweaks are able to be turned off in the future, I'll update the review, but that doesn't seem likely. I still recommend the game, but not as wholeheartedly as before."
76561197985742696,Recommended,254200,20983883,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,BinaryAlgorithm,"I really love that this game is worked on constantly by the developer (often literally right in front of my eyes on twitch). I recommend to be involved on the forums and twitch to get the full experience because player input is affecting the game and there is definitely a community here. FortressCraft has a heavy emphasis on logistics, similar to Factorio. It doesn't hold your hand and it certainly doesn't play like Minecraft - so watch a couple tutorial videos and adjust your expectations. It holds a unique experience if you give it some time to grow on you."
,Recommended,254200,20922876,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kraege,"This is a game for patient people that like to earn their way. If you are in a hurry to get to the 'endgame', steer clear."
,Recommended,254200,19114310,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Skiark,"Really great game, highly recommend !!!!!!!!!"
76561198073733795,Recommended,254200,20425827,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Engineer Swaggens @ RAGE,"Alrighty then...Fortresscraft Evolved. The one bllindly bought game like some many others has done with so many games.But this one particularly is the cherry on the cake :). With so many already included items and machines,the possiblities for this game is only limited to your time and imagination. Grappling hooks,automated quarries and excavators.Endless conveyors and much much much more... If you are truly into building automated machinery (Minecraft:Industrail craft/Mekanism etc.) or (Factorio) then this game truly is worth a try.Combining tower defence,both on the surface and underground(to protect your resource extracting monster machinery) and combining the creativity of all the Indie/sandbox games out there.First experience?-Spawned in...-Got a fright due to gaint spider robot-Built my first automated copper extractor-Felt like a boss-Found a cave...fell down deep below-Figured out that F was grappling hook-Used it...and died a horrible deathConclusion?10/10 would use the grappling hook again!"
76561198081176326,Recommended,254200,19346291,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mitchem,"This game is a great game. it has hundreds of hours of game play, it is very fun and it is not ""difficult to learn"" you just have to read a bit. I cant wait to see what else this game will have to offer. I would recomend this game to anyone who likes survival sandbox."
76561197965070337,Recommended,254200,19706917,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SentientPlant,I love it! Its worth what the game costs at least. Thank you!
76561198125498466,Recommended,254200,19877415,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Quigley,Great Game
,Recommended,254200,21796765,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Flookh,everything costs as much as going to some guy's mansion and asking for a copy of the top cat moviepls fix
76561198041029640,Recommended,254200,19772811,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Graf Erik,"Excellent game, realy.There are a lot of people complaining about bugs and the like , but I never experienced any of this. The game runs very stable, and is highly addictiv.The only problem right now, is that the content overtook the documentation (and the tutorial and the wiki), so the first few hours are pretty though. Once you get the drift it's realy hard to stop. There is just so much to explore and build."
,Recommended,254200,20544059,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sabreman,"If you like modded minecraft (with tech mods) or factorio then this game is definitely for you, It takes that concept of industrialization, automation, and tech progression and builds on it massively. Not only that, but It also adds some actual threats for you to deal with (we all know that minecraft mobs aren't a threat at all unless you specifically go looking for a challenge) and adds a bunch of cool QOL features like a grappling hook and better building mechanics that improve the experience a whole lot.Yes, as some other reviews have pointed out this game does have its issues, like inconsistent inventory management and sub-par UI, BUT, I think that all of the benefits greatly out-weigh these quirks and result in a very enjoyable experience.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone."
76561198051193014,Recommended,254200,20430314,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Nightwolf,So I have only played a few hours in enough to get near the end game content. There is plenty to be said for this game.I have heard people consistently compare it to factorio (which i have never played nor minecraft). its got a pretty steep learning curve but there is a pretty decently fleshed out ingame help manual albeit it still doesnt help you in first learning. Best thing to do is watch the streans of youtube videos on this before you play!One of the games more creative solutions is a game option to let the system adjust graphic options based on a framerate you set. This can be annoying at times but it works fairly well in keeping the game running smoothly which is especially useful for older machines.The research and semi tower defense is prob what set this game apart the most.
76561197991057248,Recommended,254200,24960590,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Stan,"The game is quite nice if you like Minecraft with automation mods. There's a good number of challenges in the game, including having to defend your base against continuous attacks, making sure you maintain sufficient energy production and making sure your automation lines remain running efficiently.On the downside, the combination of digging, searching for resources, defending and maintaining power easily becomes overwhelming, even if you automate everything! It isn't a game to sit back and relax, and it continuously keeps you busy, which can be exhausting at times. There's not that much to explore and the entire game is quite misty, giving it a bit of a depressing feeling and making it lack scenery worth looking at.Recommended? It depends what you like. I spend quite some time in it and liked to play it, but I believe it isn't for everyone. If you like challenges and automation, go ahead. If you like exploration, you wish to relax or like nice scenery, there are better games out there."
,Recommended,254200,24494325,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ender,Freaking amazing game. If you love factorio you will love this game.
76561198022668193,Recommended,254200,26275194,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,inclement.storm,"I have enjoyed a lot feed the beast and industrial craft servers for minecraft and this game is very similar. I can't say the game is amazing, but considering that it's done by a single developer and it's pretty cheap, I can say I have got my money's worth. It is definately a niche game though."
,Recommended,254200,26338245,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ShrunkenQuasar,"This game combines everything I loved about modded Minecraft with everything I loved about Factorio. Right now it's on sale, and I have to say I definitely got more than $3 of enjoyment out of the game, and I've barely gotten started.The only problems I have with the game are that the UI design leaves something to be desired, and the tutorial is almost nonexistent."
76561198010817871,Recommended,254200,29615690,Posted: 31 January,all,Otas,"Well, I have to say this is one of the best games I had ever played. I'm not much of a player, usually get bored pretty quickly, I didn't have a game on my steam account with more than 100h played. Until now!Cons:- loosing my family- loosing my friends- loosing my job- didn't get much sleep lately- can't stop playing this gamePartialy solved the first issue - bought the game to daughter, so we play together.Absolutely have to recommend the game, you just have to be prepared to not give up after an hour. Tutorial is not the strongest part of the game (or was at the time I was playing it)"
76561198260326197,Recommended,254200,31262488,Posted: 20 April,all,jimmistx,"Very very fun game, don't understand the negative reviews.I'm playing this more than Factorio, and I loved Factorio.The mods make it easier to learn, once you get the hang of it, disable the mods and try for real.Just remember: Think big, dig deeper :)"
76561197979465585,Recommended,254200,31348594,Posted: 24 April,all,Moonjuice,Fantastic game with great atmosphere. Very deep game mechanics with lots of content.
76561198040590975,Recommended,254200,24488295,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Findail,"FCE is a voxel-based game.  That is where any similarities to that oft-compared ""other highly popular voxel-based game"" ends.  The point of FortressCraft is to build your base/machinery/infrastructure, and let it do the work for you.You start out having crash-landed on a planet with with the most basic of machinery.  Your Central Power Hub to produce power, a research station to perform basic research, a smelter to smelt ore into bars, for use in the crafting station.  Selecting the easier resource difficulty levels will also give you a bonus coal deposit right near your CPH with the machinery needed to automate coal delivery right off the bat.You then start finding resource deposits, placing extractors to mine from them, and collecting ore to smelt to then craft the machinery needed to automate that whole process.  As you discover different types of blocks, you can perform research to be able to craft new machinery to work faster or perform other tasks.  Once your basic research at the research station is all complete, you'll need to build a laboratory to continue higher levels of research.Once you've got your infrastructure rolling along nicely, producing metal bars and power at a good rate, your base threat will increase to the point that the wasps start attacking.  Thus begins the tower defense aspect of the game.  You'll need to build a defense network to deal with the bugs.  And, of course, upgrade that network as your research and production levels increase, to deal with increasingly strong bugs.The best part of this game, though, is the developer.  DjArcas is constantly adding new content into the game, and live streams development quite often.  A lot of game developers claim to be highly involved with their community.  And some even live up to that claim.  But Dj is the only one I know of that interacts with his community live on Twitch while he's writing the code for things that he's talking with the community about.  Many of the machines currently in the game are the result of suggestions made while he was streaming development.If you like voxel-based games, city-building games, or strategy games, or any combination thereof, I highly recommend you check out FortressCraft Evolved."
,Recommended,254200,24528739,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Morally Bankrupt,"It's good.  If you enjoy Factorio, Minecraft tech mods, you'll probably enjoy this.  Don't buy it if you want a quick game, where stuff is just given to you.  There aren't any shortcuts and you'll be building a lot, especially early, to really get things automated.  I got it during the last sale, game + DLC for $17 and it is definitely worth every penny."
,Recommended,254200,26307981,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheSandsofFlowingTime,"Great game overall. Lots of time to spend playing this and you keep trying to make your base less cluttered, but have to try many different setups before you find a good way to organise everything. While it is annoying that you have to buy DLC for the other half of the game, you kinda get used to not having those items. But then you reach a point where you want to go further, but can't because all of the ores later are too hard for you to get at the time and you don't know what they might be used for, but can't get to."
,Recommended,254200,31250908,Posted: 20 April,all,Greyskye,"**I previously wrote this game a negative review based on a ton of errors I had when I first loaded it off Steam. It turned out that the flashing background, slow building lag, invisible terrain, and archive crashes were all being caused by the graphics drivers provided by Windows 10 during their switchover from OS 8, so if you are having similar problems, do a fresh graphics driver install from NVIDIA or AMD and it will likely clear it up.**Gameplay Pros:- The game provides a ton of options for building the automated mining operation of your dreams, and poses any number of real time logistical puzzles for you to solve. If you enjoy design based problem solving of that sort, this is a great game for you.- Spelunking in the treacherous underworld beneath your base is very enjoyable, with just enough light to make the occasional monster proximity sound very creepy. Expect to do some twitch spins when you hear something sneaking way too close behind you in the ice layer.- The grappling hook is a blast, except when it murders you by failing in the ice layer.- The smart help system is a great innovation that should be copied throughout the genre. It considers what you are looking at on the screen when you hit H and sorts your list accordingly. Simple. Genius.Gameplay Cons:- The core defense system is very, very primitive, to the point where it just seems tacked on. The only base attacker is a wasp swarm. Not weird alien wasps with tentacles or horns in weird places, they're just wasps. Everything else in this setting is alien and unsettling, then you get attacked by something you have killed in your back yard with a can of RAID. (To be fair, the end game wave is more alien looking, but that is hundreds of hours in for most players, after the normal wasps have already ruined the immersion.)- The wasps only vary in size and HP. They don't gain new tactics, they don't start attacking you or the cannons or the cannon supply lines. They just fly in the same straight line to the base each time, and shoot slime at it until it goes offline. For 30 seconds, then it is back and nothing has changed. Until you get to end game, there is very little reason to even bother defending the base, unless you are playing on the highest difficulty, in which case one failure to defend will wipe out weeks worth of work by instantly ending your game. There really is no middle ground there.- The base defense(s) are/is a cannon on a tripod. It changes color as you get higher tiers of it, but it's still the same cannon. The primary challenge of defending your base is keeping the battery charged on said cannon during the zerg wave. That's it. No phalanx anti-air weapons, no rail guns, no tesla coils, no anti-matter fountains. Just the cannon. End game, you can get some missiles, and that's it for your sci-fi arsenal. Cannons and missiles. I do like the defense spider-bot, however. Even though he is automated and requires no strategy or input from the user to function, he is a good example of a cool sci-fi style weapon you might expect in that setting.-Death by pop-up. It was acceptable when I was playing puzzle games on my Macintosh computer as a kid. In 2017, it just seems lazy. You're walking along and you see a big alien in the distance. You go to investigate the big alien and suddenly a Dune sandworm pops out of the ground and you are dead, with a snarky pop-up to announce said death. No fight, no panicked grab for your rifle, no dodging or strafing, no shield damage or heart loss. Pop, death, Death Pop-up. Start over.Or you are ascending your newly dug deep core tunnel on your way back to your base when you pass a blue layer of rock in the middle of your flight. You tap your grappler to make the next ascent, but nothing happens. No ""cold sensation"" or icing warning on the grappler. It just doesn't work anymore. You drop, grappler still does nothing even though you are now in a warm layer. Splat. Death. Death Pop-up. Start over.Or you get past the Dune sandworm and go investigate the giant alien overmind you saw before. At an unmarked distance from the overmind, but well before you actually touch it... you guessed it, Death Pop-up. Start over.It isn't to say there shouldn't be dire risk. There must be dire risk for the game to be fun. In fact, I think the risk to your base from the wave attacks should be higher. But this is a game. In playing a game, the ""playing"" part should be emphasized. There is no game-play element to death by pop-up. Lots of people enjoy the challenge of a good fight, but very few enjoy being randomly brained or splattered with no option to defend oneself.All of that aside, the logistics puzzles and the spelunking alone make for a fun experience. If you can ignore the tacked-on nature of the combat/defense element, I'd still say give it a try when you see it on sale."
76561198020291358,Recommended,254200,28971103,Posted: 3 January,all,zedgars,"This is very good game and I hope dev's will make some new features, ores(like: tungsten, led, zinc)  and locations to keep this game interesting."
76561197963706433,Recommended,254200,21331898,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Modicaster,minecraft for goal oriented adults. The developer is very active. the game is pimp.that's it. I'm not much of a talker...just trust me.WABBALOBBADUBDUB!
76561198065940604,Recommended,254200,8894389,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,NorseBeard,"This game was absolutely AWESOME! I spent several weeks on it building this absolutely gigantic castle fortress. I loved it! Then, without warning, game crashed, forced my comp to restart. When I got back in, 80% of my magnificent castle was GONE! Hours and hours of work destroyed! Now I cannot bring myself to play again...."
76561198196926661,Recommended,254200,22331908,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Skultankx,"good game, the only thing i would really like to see change is an option in the menu to change encounter rate of enemys, i would like to have the option to get overrun by mobs as soon as i step foot on the planet lol."
76561197965351205,Recommended,254200,22119047,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Very unique game, foolish to not at least try it out for a few days.Best single player factory / survival game ever. Its like Factario but cheaper and 3d.Ever since mount and blade warband, I find it extremely difficult to play single player games but, this is one the very few games that I give a pass to. It's possible to play multiplayer on this, but doesn't seems like it'd enhance the game very much, unless you had a buddy to regularly play with."
,Recommended,254200,20594204,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Destructively Phased,"A must have for fans of modded Minecraft and Factorio.Automation from the ground up is aim of this game, so it's good to see a game like this, in it's current state, with the vast array of machines and upgrades it's possible to get. And it's blatantly clear how much there is for the developer to add, this is a game that you will spend well over two days (not two days in real life, but 48 hours in game) on now, come back and lose even more time later, with a bunch of new content.While the tutorial maybe boring and dull, leading you through utter basics, the game features a world gen that is awe insipiring, with canyons carving scars in the terrain and caves seemingly without a bottom. Not to mention a literally infinite world.A gem that I might have otherwise over-looked.EDIT:I will clarify about the games ""status"". It is a FULL release, with active support. It means there are bugs still in the game, but these are patched and fixed by the developer. It is by no means early access, the main game itself is complete, with DLC (coming, as of time of writing) to expand on the current content, not a cash grab.And to be frank waaaaaay too many games use early access as a shield to divert attention away from it's bugs. FCE is different, the dev fixes the bugs rather than throwing ""EA!"" in the face of bug reports. What more can you really expect from a (single) dev who also is adding content, polishing and bug fixing his game all at the same time?"
,Recommended,254200,22099317,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,tyduptyler13,"Amazing game. Played for hours right after buying it and there is still plenty more time I plan on spending in it. The beginning is rough getting used to the controls and what you are supposed to be doing, but stay strong because its very worth it."
,Recommended,254200,19522142,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rhialy,It's a good game for those who didnt find a purpose in Minecraft.Better than most clones.
,Recommended,254200,19773416,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Iggy - CVNQ,"The BEST damn game I have played, EVER! Better than Minecraft, better than Terraria, better than Starcraft and Starcraft II, damned well better than any TRIPLE A title you can think of, and the game is only getting better! Buy this game. BUY IT! You won't be disappointed in it! : D"
76561198076833977,Recommended,254200,22284870,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,YoruToboe,"I really like this game, Cool content with new balance/patch coming constantly. Decent challange with infrastructure thinking and tower defense mannagement mixup that add to the game"
76561198026882145,Recommended,254200,24527167,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lilzeus15,Awesome all around game i would recommend getting this. Endless amounts of fun and challenges to overcome.
,Recommended,254200,26371362,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Navato,"I love this game.It's a steep learning curve, rubbish tutorial, awkward controls and it has a really slow start.But then you stick with it for a while, and the learning curve is conquered. The tutorial is passed in 30 seconds. The controls become second nature, and you learn how to speed up the beginning of any playthrough.It superficially resembles minecraft, but feels more like factorio and big pharma.The dev can come off as mean and facetious, and the community can come across as elitist and sanctimonious. In short, they do not suffer fools. I don't care about that. As long as they keep doing exactly what they do, what resulted in such a great game, I am happy to support them all."
,Recommended,254200,28106303,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,GandalfThePlaid,"The game feels like it has a bit of a learning curve, but I'm finding it to be rather enjoyable.  I bought the game on sale but intentionally bought the DLC full price as I thought the developer earned it."
,Recommended,254200,28958144,Posted: 2 January,all,Damos1212,Pretty much factorio in 3d but with a lot more content :)
76561197975093241,Recommended,254200,25659289,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bsport,"If you like mincraft mods like direwolf20 or Technic and like Factorio, then this game is for you its epic, seriously havent had a game hook me like this in a long long time, its the caves and mining are a different scale compaired to minecraft. I think the graphics are great. Might be my best purchase of 2016. Even tho my base is currently be consumed by a hivemind....bugger."
76561197973693663,Recommended,254200,26268066,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Venger,Lots of content and replayability.
76561198031186789,Recommended,254200,24408249,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,captunamazing,"This game is incredibly addicting.Theres so much to do. Its part: builder, crafter, tower defense, miner, and factory manager. The balance is well done and encourages you to min/max or just walk around and do things manually because you enjoy the scenery. The graphics are great! I personally love all the glowy bits(EVERYTHING).  I reccommend a buy, it passes the price to time played test.Also it has MINECARTS for all you track building lovers"
76561198140643008,Recommended,254200,17519847,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Fleur Dis Lee,game froze twice and the jet pack doesn't work but however it is still fun to play
76561198024730265,Recommended,254200,20615801,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Peacock,"This game is fun.Positives:* Minecraft like, but HUGE. You can dig as much as you want. Some caverns look like and endless black sea.* It is a smart construction game. Create a large mining facility.* Build structures to defend yourself against waves of ennemies.* Creative mode have* It sucks you in.Negatives:* Tutorial could be better.* You may forget to sleep."
76561197971902761,Recommended,254200,24283638,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Walt Kowalski,This is a great game if you like tweaking your automated systems.  The developer puts in a lot of hard work and continually improves it.
76561198108186657,Recommended,254200,24598748,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Silv,"This is a game that requires investment of time and effort. It's not for everybody, it doesn't offer a steady dose of action packed mini achievements and it isn't something you just pick up and go, before you reach the end you'll have put in around 200 hours into it and it's said that the Frozen Factory expansion adds another 100. And that's not counting the time you spend outside the game planning your base if you're like me.Most of the time in this game is spent building stuff and setting up elaborate pipelines so you can ... build more stuff. You can avoid the automation but then the game gets grindy, plus it's becoming harder and harder (both because of extra limitations to push people towards automation and because barriers to automation are removed so it's always the easier option).The game isn't very hand-holdy. It purposely drops you in a situation with fairly little guidance outside of the first few hours and leaves you to your own devices. That said, recent changes like the mission system have made things easier by pointing out short and long term goals.The developer is active and about once a month there's a big patch. Usually that means extra functionality too, new machines and/or new abilities. Often there are some nerfing changes that force you to rethink some things, a bit annoying at times but ultimately for the better (or so one hopes).I've had this game since it was in early access and it has really gone a long way since then. Back then it was a nice demo which showed a lot of potential. Now it's a downright good game that's getting better every patch."
76561198142032861,Recommended,254200,24197523,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Yodasoda,"I really enjoy this game! It has just enough grind to make accomplishments satisfying.  The developer is also making almost daily updates to the game, including fixing bugs and adding features.  Would recommend 10/10 for the game play hours so far."
76561198268669891,Recommended,254200,24264570,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,hellomn7,"2400 Hours. My opinion matters!!This game is the Logistics/Crafting/Sandbox Tower Defense game you have been searching for! or LCSTDG for short?Fortresscraft evolved is one of those games where a second is never wasted. Resources are scarce and mines are depleting, your power is being consumed by an immense logistics operation, and all the while GIANT ALIEN ARTHROPODS ARE DESTROYING YOUR BELOVED BASE!!! Dear God 0_o.- Find precious minerals and extract them from the earth.- Now use those minerals to do research.- Apply that research! Its base building time.- Now defend that base.- Now automate that base.- Now use that automated, well defended base to find even more precious minerals!- Now use THOSE minerals to build more. More what? More turrets. More Robots. More Power. MORE.- 1000 Hours in take a step back and reevaluate your base. ITS ALL WRONG. Revision 2.- 1500 Hours in take a step back and reevaluate your base. INEFFICENT. Revision 3.- 2300 Hours later.. Yeahhhhh now thats logistics operation UPS could be proud of.10/10"
,Recommended,254200,24274943,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Holy Perceval,Great game ! Constantly updated !
76561198035865217,Recommended,254200,24306825,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wardiaper,"I bought this in early access and (at least I think this is the game I remember) I hated the movement (getting pulled to the center of a block when stopping).  It bugged me enough to not give the game a chance, and seemed more like a creative mode minecraft at the time with some fast building tools but I wanted a survival mode.  Uninstalled and didn't touch it again.  I believe that was December 2013.Then recently the Frozen Factory Expansion came out and took another look at the game (and apparently all the updates to the game over that time period added a ton to the game).  Amazing.  Like minecraft and factorio mashup but better looking, fast digging and building tools, lots of machines to research, every block type has to be scanned, super fast travel with the grapple, using lasers to send energy to remote excavators.  Been playing and watching ""flexible games"" play this on youtube.  I'm hooked just like when Minecraft and Space Engineers first came out.With the current sale I bought another copy of the game and the DLC for a family member to play with.  Edit - And because I have fallen in love with this game, just bought a copy full price for another family member, but they are going to have to earn the expansion by playing the game.I read on the forum someone running out of RAM while playing.  He has 6000 machines.  I have maybe 20 machines and can barely keep up.  This game is about automating your assembly lines.Wonderful game.Edit - 25 hours in and now I am finally ""getting it.""  How to set up assembly lines, automate my mines, run my laboratory at a decent speed by setting up generators and energy storage efficiently.  10/10 game."
,Recommended,254200,12007541,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,🔥Mr. Pyro🔥,"Meh....It's a fun game. But kinda with every game,it's might take some getting used to. i started the game,and i had no idea what to do...and died like 3 times.I do reccomend this game tho. it's really fun,and it's perfect for younger users of steam."
76561197965398672,Recommended,254200,25042218,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Drakorin,"Excellent game! I haven't played a game this much since... well, I can't even remember when. Vanilla WoW maybe? Anyway, if you like games that make you think, solve puzzles, build and automate a myriad of machines in any way you see fit, all while trying to defend your base from almost constant attack, this is the game for you. This is a challenging and rewarding game that keeps me coming back almost every day.The Dev is honest and keeps the content coming. Can't give him enough props. Great work!"
,Recommended,254200,19149226,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,EDGESTTR,"Great game, awesome open world, sciency automation-esque sandboxy greatness"
76561198034602552,Recommended,254200,10434944,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cillianonymous,"This is a pretty fun and accessable video game.  Kinda like minecraft, but with way more soothing gameplay.  Still in its infancy, so it feels like minecraft alpha days before water was introduced.  Pretty interesting though, looks like combat will be a fair part of the game.  Wonder what can be done with that?   I like it, but its still very early on."
,Recommended,254200,8501212,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PopCraftPC,"pretty good game, i recommend it :)"
76561198052447964,Recommended,254200,22595725,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,lassipls,"My FortressCraft Evolved Experience:1. Buy game2. Learn the basics and get constantly harrased by ARTHUR3. ???4. 40+ hours later:http://puu.sh/ot7uQ/c212bbe969.jpg(the steam ""Total"" time is way off. Should be around 50h)5. Fall asleep and repeat Step 4.GAME OF THE YEAR!"
76561198021992598,Recommended,254200,24209496,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mordaak,"This has become one of my favorite games to play. Im at 280 hours played so far. If you like the crafting genre, you will probably enjoy this one. It is crafting but without the mindnumbing ( no pick axe required) manual collection of everything like most games of this type. You quickly start to build infrastructure to collect and transport materials to autocrafting machines."
,Recommended,254200,24274938,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Waffle_Wizard,"I have nnot played this game very much at all, but I can already tell that I am going to love it. This is the kind of game that I have been looking for for years! I will keep updated with my experience on it. 10/10 would try more."
76561198134931849,Recommended,254200,24356518,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gourd,I like this game because it is constantly growing. Some cool things avalible now where not avalible when I bought the game. Besides Factorio this game is my most played game in a short amount of time. I recomend this game to anyone.
76561198052421100,Not Recommended,254200,27879327,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Meph,"TL;DR game is a mess .Interface is horrible and overloaded, too many flashy things, could need a clean rework or mod from the start. Difficult to figure out but no problem in and of itself. The whole control set is not intuitiv in my opinion.The real problem is that multiplayer didn't work and this is what i bought it for. Tried to connect to friend and got kicked to packet loss. I had no packet loss (we checked through wireshark and different routing, vpn and stuff, which was really not our job :/ ). Once the error message occurs it stays on yout screen leaving you no choice but to alt+f4. Tried several times. Refunded game while in refund range of 2h frustrated and about 3-4 hours of wasted lifetime due to googling and fixing."
,Not Recommended,254200,23974568,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[A.W.P.]Angelic_Wolfman100,"Its ok. It takes a long time for slow adjusting, extremely casual gamers like me, to do anything, we dont start with guns that have infinite ammo that do a small ammount of damage, we have to research how to craft stuff when the stuff we start off with makes stuff for us.We are on a uncharted planet in this! We are in SPACE! We should have blueprints that help us survive from hostiles, and provide us with electricity! And the creative mode is awful, it is extremely hard to tell what item is what. The tutorial doesn't help very much, it just tells you how to power your base, mine, craft, and reserch better stuff.Overall, I don't reccomend this game."
,Recommended,254200,23731240,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,*DEAD* PowerfulBacon,"Amazing game, there is an ubsurd amount of content and when you expect to finish it just keeps on going! Exploration is amazing and fun and the gameplay is fun too. Only problem is that new players will find it very difficult to understand and progression seems slow and boring at first, but it quickly picks up pace."
,Recommended,254200,24347762,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Erikkustrife,Great game. Makes me think of a 3d factiro game.
,Recommended,254200,30806391,Posted: 28 March,all,Chiller Killer,Loved this game. It was the only great game i could play on my laptop while visting friends. I spent so many hours on it. Didn't get too high tech level but kept me going and alive.Good Survival/Factory game
,Recommended,254200,16464569,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,FocusBoxHero,No food or starvation. There is battery power and warmth. Get too cold or run out of battery power and you will die in survival. Use your ore surveyor tool to scan for ores; then build mining drills next to batteries charged by a network of lasers with conveyors cycling ore into furnaces burning coal. Manage power and connect machines with power beams. Use a grapple hook to escape dangerous depths. Collect unlimited numbers of blocks with your digital robot inventory...
76561198113799654,Recommended,254200,10953302,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,VictiniX98 {COTS},I just buyed this and its awesomeO-o.This is awesome keep working on it.Plu scant wait till multiplayer.
76561198056634127,Not Recommended,254200,26295220,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,guyfromnowhere,"So i bought this game and all its dlc for 75% off during the halloween sale and i had been looking forward to this game, ive seen positive reviews, videos and being promised this game would run fine on even a low-end system. Basicly i expected something of a 3d Factorio. I bought factorio and absolutely loved it and i thought this game will be great. So when i finally get in the game i'm met with 22 fps and i think ""maybe i have to enable high-performance graphics card on this one""Sure enough i was back in the game and there's still 22 fps but only handles alittle better settings. And after the tiny tuturial the game had i was stuck at the outpost not knowing what im supposed to do. I powered the drill and i got the coal, the field went down and the tutorial pop-ups stopped coming. Afraid of the two hours of limit incase i had to pull a refund on this i stopped trying further and came here to ask for help if theres any way to make this thing run better and if there is an actual more detailed tutorial that would get me used to all the new keys that i would have to take a look at from the settings every few minutes, i feel dissapointed But i really dont want to pull a refund on this so i would really like some help on this matter."
,Recommended,254200,9610315,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,cloraX,Fun!!1
,Recommended,254200,24909110,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Moose357,"Great game, continously introduces new challenges and problems to overcome."
,Recommended,254200,10876292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sask_Skittle,"For those of you who's initial thought is ""this is Minecraft in another form"", this is not true. The only thing it shares is the ""block building"". Vanilla MC does not have process automation such as mining ores, ore processing, power distribution grids and so forth. I've played both and they each have their strengths.Even though the game is in early access, the devs are very active in both updates and in the forums. I'm happy to be part of the group who are playing this game as it matures into a polished, completed product.I hope you enjoy this game as much as I do."
76561198143598954,Recommended,254200,11119927,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,218156,"After playing the game non stop for a few day i have to say this game is one of the best voxle games, its still being created at this time but so far ive came across no glitches myself. the game has some nice quick build tools that make creaing briliant structres alot easyer than other games of this type.I'd definatly recomend this game. at such a low price its worth trying."
76561198031115385,Recommended,254200,11162618,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Deus Vult,"I think if they keep working on this game it will be far superior to Minecraft, It has more depth and potential."
,Recommended,254200,10914521,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NecroJay,"The game is very similar to minecraft, however gameplay is a little diffrent as is mining and crafting.  Make sure to read instructions on how to play, it can be a little confusing at first. Digging is a lot faster and you do not need to make tools.  The game focuses mostly on creating automated resource managment.   The game is really fun to play and I am looking forward to seeing what they are going to do next.Pros:  Digging and block placement is easy and fast, you get a Grapple gun, can create elaborate automated mines.Cons: Graphics is a little off, not many blocks in the game yet, no multiplayer yet."
,Recommended,254200,23300740,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,Ever wanted to be a factory guy? Buy this gameEver wanted to fight some space bees? Buy this gameEver wanted to have some epic missle defences and cool lazers? Buy this gameEver wanted a expanded tekkit? Buy this gameEver want a Good developer that listens to his players and updates this game alot? Buy this gameEver wanted some Mod Support? Buy this gameIm just sayin' Buy. This. Game.
76561197997470422,Not Recommended,254200,27093506,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suma,"This game is alpha at best. Doesn't say early access on the steam page though. Buyer beware...The graphics and sound effects and music are all very amateur and at times downright glaring and annoying. Some graphics are completely out of place  in the game compared to others.The survival game experience is completely unbalanced, certain resources such as power are massive bottle necks with almost no upgrades for a very long time.The difficulty settings to make survival have any point have a massive gap between too much and too little. If you want there to be ANY reason to defend your base against raiding bugs, you have to play in hardcore mode with permanent character death, which will happen in some cheap, unavoidable way at some point. Otherwise, your CPH being destroyed just means it respawns 10 seconds later. You can completely ignore the tower defense part of the game until end game when you are trying to complete the ""win"" condition.The game has potential, and maybe in a year or 2 it'll be where it needs to be to be a complete game. For now, just play Factorio or Terraria"
76561198108818268,Recommended,254200,10871549,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KC43,very awesome would like them to update
,Recommended,254200,8071643,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,{LC} Diamond,"hey guys, before i give my review of the game im going to say for the price at this moment its a steel minecraft is ok but dont like it to much this is a more modern style creation game and i love it@!@!!! i never played it for the xbox but i have for my pc and all i can say is this a beast game and really fun it is beyound worth it:))~~~The graphic's~~~The Graphic's Are really Good Even if you play on the lowest setting's its still good graphicsthe high graphics are really amazing and very detailed~~~The Game Play~~~ , the gameplay is fun and exciting a little better then minecraft TO ME The Feel Of The game Is Over all a 9/10,~~~Controll's~~~At First I recommend When First getting In game ToHit ""H"" to see the controlls They Arent Hard But Just A little Tip,the controlls overall are just slightly differant then minecraft,~~~Extra's~~~if your thinking about buying it i say yes, its well worth it the game playthe graphic's are really well in this game a realistic rating would be 8/10but i give it a 10/10 for me i love the game and dont regret buying it!for any help feel free to add me and send me a mesege :)"
76561198030783476,Not Recommended,254200,23988649,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,cmfic,"I have tried, through several patches and over several months, but I just can't get into this game. It's just not fun.I should add that I'm comparing this to Mine Craft (older versions like 6.4) with the build craft and industrial craft 2 modules so it might be an apples and oranges comparison, but they were fun."
76561198116706657,Not Recommended,254200,14173290,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,diamondparka,"Fortresscraft is a fun game in the places it works, but there's a ton of emphasis on that, because there's a lot of places it simply doesn't. Because it was originally made for the Xbox, the controls on the PC feel terrible and stiff, and the frame rate is consistently below 6o fps. This could be just me due to not having a high processing power but while I had Skyrim on my PC, it was never as bad as how this game performs here. Building is slow and I feel like the UI is far too much of a struggle to put up with. Furthermore, this game is still in early access even though it's been in development for more than two years. What has hindered te development this long, I really can't imagine. I enjoyed what I could do when it worked, but I feel like compared  other titles of this genre *coughcough* Minecraft/Terraria *coughcough* Fortresscraft doesn't add up in end. Not every game can and should be like the rest, but it should at least live up to the standards set by it's competetitors, and unfortunately, FortressCraft Evolved really doesn't do that."
76561198190174953,Not Recommended,254200,21728169,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,moi0Alex,"My  Game does not stop crashing, it crashed 3 times in 67 mins ."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,254200,26278352,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,obstructor,"Fast version:  This game is slow, the temperature mechanic is interesting but frustrating, the game is complicated in a non fun way, building things is okay and the monsters are annoying in a non fun way.  Everything is constantly in a state of waiting on everything else, playtime is the devs #1 selling point. Get factorio instead.FortressCraft Evolved is like factorio mixed with minecraft.  With all the cons of both.******************************************************************************************Complexity******************************************************************************************Factorio gets its complexity through simplicity.  FortressCraft gets its complexity through complexity.Factorio has these eight raw resources: wood, coal, iron, copper, stone, oil, water, alien artifacts.  Very different and used for different ends; of these most everything is done with: iron, copper, oil.  Simple, it becomes complex as your create new resources.FortressCraft has 14 (? by the wiki) ores alone, each one can be turned into plates, wires, coils, pipes, and PCBs.  It also has 13 (?) other resources which you find, they can be very hard to find based on your starting seed. (Organic Rock I am looking at you).  FortressCraft also has 11-13 (?) items dropped from mobs that you need to collect.I will start with my frustrations with organic rock.  You need organic rock to make smelters, why? I have no idea.  Organic rock is sometimes found in caves.  Caves are dark and cold.  You only have so much battery to keep yourself warm and the cave lit, so bring 1000 torches made from coal they provide light and warmth.  But don't stand too close or they will begin to overheat your suit, stand precisely something like 1.5 blocks away from it or it is worse than not having one.The first time you look for organic rock it will be easier as you can scan for unknown objects, not all of them will show up but hopefully a couple will.  As a new player instead of collecting all of them you will likely be like, ""wtf is this weird thing, i'll scan it for the research when I get back.""  After this there is no organic rock scan to use later.All this to make a couple smelters.  But smelters also require tin plates and Basic PCB (the copper ones) and all the dependent research.  See the problem.  Fortunately the game starts you off with one smelter you can use, that will deliver you the high throughput of 4 bars per minute at a 4:1 ore to bar ratio.  This leads to maybe being able to make a smelter within the first hour of playing.  Don't worry you will definitely be mining enough ore with the extractors provided. The game will constantly bug you to improve the extractors and also bug you that they are constantly offline as they are backed up. If only I could smelt all this ore.You will be manually running around fetching ore for several hours as conveyors require a copper bar and a tin bar per square. 2 bars each, 2 conveyors per minute, need hundreds of conveyors to connect mines to smelters.Then you need to build the machinery to make plates, wires, coils, PCBs.  Keep in mind storage is very hard to come by as hoppers are very expensive early on, so you can't just build a storage bin for each of these materials immediately.Now you can make the research lab (if you didn't accidently spend all your research points on everything else and screw yourself permanently.)  The lab itself takes a lot of copper, but smelting copper is trivial right?  That isn't the problem with the lab though, the lab can consume 15000 power per second (pps) and the assembler can consume something like 500-1000 pps.  Up until this point power has been trivial, an extractor takes roughly 2 pps, the smelter takes somewhere around 5-10 pps.Do not connect your lab directly to your central power hub, it will take all the power just to charge its own internal buffer.To combat this you need to make more power generators and energy lazers and probably make a new coal mine at this point, so while you are waiting on the metal to set this up, you are waiting on the lab to finish its research, also did I mention that about now you are going to get attacked, better build turrets.  Also did I mention that your lithium mine will probably have a bunch of plants eating all the ore on the conveyor you built, better build some more turrets and batteries and lazers to power it all.  But you need those for the lab too, better get more smelters going, but guess what your suit also needs all that power so you can find more organic rock without dying of hypothermia.  Also you can't leave your base because a bunch of wasps are attacking and they don't seem to stop coming and you need that lithium to build those batteries and the purple plants keep spawning and you need to shoot them too.So you run around killing wasps, trying not to die from hypothermia, out of research points, making sure lithium isn't getting eaten, and collecting metal bars so you can hopefully do something is this silly game.You have now been playing for ten hours.******************************************************************************************How it fails******************************************************************************************It is so hard to explain how needlessy complex and slow this game is.To pull from minecraft and factorio, the furnace is made out of stone blocks.  It makes perfect sense, the limiting factor is how much ore I can find.  Which leads to needing more furnaces, which leads to more ore, etc.  It is an exponential that I want to ride up.To mine something in FortressCraft it needs an extractor, lets assume we have those.  They need power, each one needs at least a basic laser of power.  Lets assume we have those.  They each need to have line of sight to that laser or have batteries to connect them all and the laser needs to be powered likely by another laser.So what should happen is I run back and forth making this mine amazing and making my smelting amazing too.  But you are bottlenecked constantly.  Your new basic smelters will take 8 ore per bar, so we need about 4 extractors.  Which is 4 basic lasers, which is either going to be some crazy triangular setup to keep line of sight or you are going to need 16 ish batteries.  For each of the three basic ores, maybe more lasers for lithium as it is found deeper underground and more everything for copper as you will need a lot.That many lasers just isn't going to happen early on so we will need to upgrade.  Good news there is a better type of laser available early on, the MK1 laser is 10x stronger than the basic laser.  So we can just point one in that direction easy.  Next the conveyor belt can only carry one ore at a time, so perhaps we need to use normal conveyors instead of basic conveyors but replacing the conveyor is being bottlenecked by the very smelting we are trying to upgrade.  So lets just smelt the bars right at the mine its an 8:1 throughput increase.But each smelter takes a full MK1 beam of power, now you are running multiple MK1 lasers to your mine and you have the same problem you had before.  Plus smelters stop working at lower elevations (for some reason?).FortressCraft is like 4+ seperate linear functions instead of one happy exponential.  And once you finally decide to stop increasing one of those functions none of the others can increase either.  For myself it was power for the lab, I just stood there feeding plates, PCB, and research packs into the lab for hours.  It was already running 10 power generators out of energy, even at that my 1 million coal mine was already draining faster than I would like.It is always the same answer: There is a solution to that, that you can't make.  I can't even talk about how research works as I am out of space. Basically you scan unknown blocks, there are only so many unique blocks in this game."
,Not Recommended,254200,24266492,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DONOTSENDCHAT,game is still in beta. a lot of missing standered features you except in game like working menues.i brought this up how this game still feels like in beta in the fourms and got told ya this game still getting new features installed.uh felt cheated buying a product that was advertised as finished.
76561197975421288,Not Recommended,254200,31114660,Posted: 13 April,all,JD,"It starts so well, it is like Factorio or similar factory/base building games, but being in 3d makes it a lot more exciting. The problem is that after a while, you have the basic factory and there is nothing else to build. You do unlock some more objects but they are crafted in a moment and then placed and then you are done. So you are adding occasional new little machines or boxes, but you aren't actually building a base, and you certainly aren't building a 'fortress'. There is really no fortress or base building at all, you just build a basic factory, and then instead of tower defense, you just build 4 lasers and put one in each corner of your base and it kills everything. Later you need to upgrade that by adding a rocket to each corner but you will complete the game like that. There is really no tower defense gameplay in here, no shaping the paths and no multiple tower types with synergy etc. It is just a line of flying monsters that head straight to your core and get killed by lasers when you aren't even there. And even if they don't die, it doesn't matter because there is no penalty for them killing your core. It just regenerates and is back to normal 2 minutes later.The game seems great at first, but it all falls apart after a while and you see how under developed the whole game is. I suggest getting Factorio instead because although that game is 2d and doesn't have the exploring and digging for resources, the actual factory building is more fun, more balanced, and less of a micro management chore. Also the combat is more promising because at least you have to fight back in that game. Also there are a more and better mods, including one that lets you fight back with planes etc. FortressCraft has some mods but not many, and most of them don't do much. You might get a new storage box or something but there isn't anything that adds anything significant to spice up the gameplay.Almost an amazing game but falls short.Factorio is the same by the way, could have been interesting but falls short."
76561197968697930,Not Recommended,254200,9204738,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Frozen Yoghurt,"This game is in early alpha and might be a lot of fun, when it is completed.At the moment however, it lacks the simple design of its predecessors (i.e. Minecraft?) which left me cursing several times.It all starts with a rather buggy menu - there is a small camera driven animation which hovers in front of several signs....which - unlike any current games - do not light up when the mouse hovers over them.Getting into a single player mission is even worse because you have to click the empty space in the middle of the screen (no text or anything like that to actually tell you to do so).When creating a world, the dialogs appear unresponsive. (you click the button - wait for a second or two, click again, ... until you are thrown into the world)In game there are some nice mechanics, namely the survival against the wild system. (your suit keeps you warm on a frozen planet and if its power is fully depleted, you die after a short time).But in my opinion, this is one of the biggest flaws at the moment:There is a brutal world out there, trying to kill you and you have to fight it from the very beginning - without much help or direction from the game.While several games have recently tried this ""do what you like and see what comes of it!""-approach, this game has you fighting for your life from the very first moment and thereby hinders any attempt at  a shallow start (again, think Minecraft: hacking away at those mud-cubes, only to find out they're almost worthless - but you didn't die from that and could switch over to actually mining something useful)However, there are too many unexplained phenomenons to actually rush into this game without any knowledge.After reading a few guides it might start to make sense that you should simply search for coal to power your equipment - but if you've yet to read those guides you might spend the first attempt at survival cursing.Simply because you start with several fancy technologies in your inventory and can't place them or know what to do with them in the first place.Then there is the awkward mining process - it feels counterintuitive having to repeatedly press the mouse button to mine. (why can't I keep it pressed like in Minecraft and it simply keeps mining?)I'd say its got potential once several flaws are fixed.But at the moment there are simply too little hints to actually get started and enjoy the game without reading several guides."
76561198033431815,Not Recommended,254200,16117202,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CrackLoafy,"--Update 8/15/15--Dev warns Steam users not to purchase game.""DjArcas ‏@Fortress_Craft Aug 13Review : ""You should not have released this feature until it was 100% bug-free""YOU shouldn't have bought an Early Access game. ¬.¬""---FortressCraft could have been a really great game, but I cannot recommend it in good faith. I say ""could have been"" because development has all but stopped, even though it's still in Early Access. There are currently game-breaking bugs, such as segment loading/saving errors that result in lost items/constructions, invisible walls, unloaded blocks, etc. Sometimes half the world just doesn't load and everything you've built gets deleted.What is FortressCraft Evolved?There are two modes: Creative and Survival. Creative is the same as any other generic Minecraft clone. Survival is a bit more interesting, and it's where I spent most of my hours in-game. The premise of the Survival mode is a mix between Factorio and Minecraft, where your mission is to basically collect resources and build infrastructure with the end goal of...automating the collection of resources to let you build more stuff. There are ""plans"" to include enemies/combat to give a bit more of a challenge for players who don't just want to mine. Right now exploration isn't that fun. It's a fairly bleak surface world with repetitive caverns below.Why Should I NOT Buy This Game?Game-breaking bugsLack of updates from dev teamPoorly thought out game elements (e.g. The math behind power delivery is completely broken. When you connect batteries, they do not share power instantly, it ""leaks out"" over time. Even with fully upgraded lasers, which transfer power from object to object, it's impossible to fully power the most advanced types of objects currently in game, such as MatterMovers)*Fairly boring/lack of content after first few hours (Granted, that would be fine for any Early Access title, butthis game has been in Early Access for YEARS now and has completely stalled)*Note: Some of these issues have been fixed by a third-party mod, called LazyMod.Yes, a player made fixes to the game that the developer wouldn't/couldn't.The game Developer then asked the mod author on aSteam forumhow he was able to manage these things...that's a bit disheartening.Why Should I Buy This Game?You enjoy automation/upgrading/resource collectionYou don't mind weird glitches, placeholder graphics, or reverting game save filesYou want to support an independent developer who has, in all honesty, probably lost interest in the game"
76561198037924259,Recommended,254200,19958599,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DiscoBiscuits,"An enjoyable game with plenty hours of content and another tier in the works.The early game is slow to get into depending on playstyle, specifically if following advice from let's players to avoid basic smelters and conveyors. I don't recommend following this advice unless you have way too much disposable time."
76561198076672101,Recommended,254200,20511479,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,KillerHairBear,"Great game, constantly updated, love it, would recommend"
,Recommended,254200,19498240,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Snuggly_Love,Is fun to play. But could never get multiplayer to work.
76561198209334575,Recommended,254200,19984811,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dark_Ninja_God1,good game
,Recommended,254200,20010923,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Starkium,"I've been playing this game since the xbox 360 indie games page released it. Now this game has quite litterally evolved into something fantastic. I'm proud to support the development of this game and I can't wait too see where it goes.If you enjoy games like hurtworld, rust, minecraft, and the sanctum series then you'll love this game because it is a very unique blend of those gameplay styles.If you enjoy creative building then you're in luck. The ability to design custom blocks opens worlds of possibilities to you and your dream builds. In this game your only limitation is your imagination!"
76561197975746963,Recommended,254200,20663016,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JamesTBG,"It has a lot of content for this early stage of the game. The dev is improving the game every day!Imagine a crossover of minecraft, factorio and some tower defense.  Everything is able to automate.At the first try, i put 40h in my first map!More Games like that!"
76561198091203576,Recommended,254200,20103192,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ottoiscrazy,I'm having so much fun with this game. for a game that is not done its so great and I can't wait for the final version. Keep up the great work.
,Recommended,254200,14738819,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,PvtJota88,jhok~poçoij
76561197970937997,Recommended,254200,19922494,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,OLMAN,"For those of you that enjoy moving at a pace that suits YOU, this game does just that. Feel free to take as long as you like to progress. Base building is my favorite part of most games and this one does it well. Automation is key to winning.While inventory management can be a bit tedious at times with the way some things work, most noteable the movement of items. With proper supervision the result can be rewarding. I can say the game is still enjoyable from my perspective. I hope we will see more improvements of the game mechanics in the future.Two thumbs up for  DjArcas and his feline friends."
76561198045462978,Recommended,254200,22901927,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tom210,"This is an awesome game, clever blend of tower defence with logistics."
76561197970557891,Recommended,254200,22911880,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,six.impossible,"500 hours played, 'nuf said.DJArcas regularly patches this game to add even more content. If you're still not sure if this is your thing, or if you're curious about what's coming next, have a look at his development livestreams."
76561198015124934,Recommended,254200,22919516,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,wolverine5pl,"Amazing game, very addictive so be carefull!!Not perfect tho and theres learning curve but its worth it"
76561198003815115,Recommended,254200,22891625,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,juscus,"FortressCraft Evolved is definitely a game that can absorb a lot of your time because of how expansive and intricate it is.  And that's a good thing!  I find myself constantly experimenting, changing, and iterating my systems to take advantage of new tech or just to maximize efficiency.  As of this writing, I have 200+ hours in game and I plan to at least tripple that.At first glance, it might look like Minecraft or Factorio.  But this game is much more than that and really isn't comparable.  This game rewards efficient, scalable design, not one-off systems.  You can do many things by hand, but eventually, everything must become automated.  And that is a good way to understand the game.  You must automate everything.For the price, this game is definitely worth it.  I've spent more on games that I've played less.  Additionally, the planned expansions sound exciting and definitely something I will want to play.My recommendation: if you like designing or building systems, this game is a must-have.Quick update: I'm now well over 400 hrs in game and still loving it.  The developer continues to add to and improve the game with more great features.  This is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,254200,12601263,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ray,"This is a very engaging game.  The similarities with Minecraft (Technic specifically) are passing.  Building an effective power and resource distribution network against the pressures of a hostile environment in survival mode are really great.  There are a lot of things to do now with so much promise and possibility for the future.  I expect I'll have more sleepless nights up tinkering with this game for some time to come.[EDIT]  Game continues to get better and many features have been added (more machines, more flexible placement capabilities)  Dev's are toying with leaving early access to avoid the stigma but, in my view, it still isn't a complete game.  Dust off some of the ""coming soon"" signs and either finish or get rid of them for now and you might have a minimally viable product.  In it's current state it is absolutely worth every penny and if the pace of improvements continues it will only grow in value and entertainment."
76561198045715288,Recommended,254200,15800901,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Shalafiamar,very fun game even though its in early access still
,Recommended,254200,15816916,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Stalker1o2,This is an awesome Little Gem yes its rough in some places but truely enjoyable.
,Recommended,254200,16016605,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,FatDuckSkylark,its a very fun voxel based game with good graphics it looks like and plays some what of minecraft but its different though power can be a problem over all its awsome
,Recommended,254200,13402642,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,max11031103,i recomend by this game
76561198149209348,Recommended,254200,14217133,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bread,It's really good! And i wish that it will get even better i the future!
76561198118240227,Recommended,254200,14132415,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,xdopespider WINFORTUNE.CO,FUN!
,Recommended,254200,12115531,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Culusion_IA,Great fun - the hypothermia XD
,Recommended,254200,12229698,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Skyblade,"Minecraft style with nice graphics in a futuristic world... Dropped as a ""bad guy"" on the planet you have to survive... mine, hunt, and don't get hunted... The game hasn't been out yet, so I can tell you it just become better and better since the beginning! Devs are listening, and ready to make changes for the better at all times... And up to know they only did a great job, so it will definitely be one great game! I do recommend it for anyone liking survival games and/or SF games :)"
,Recommended,254200,11342793,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Maxaxle,"It's kinda like a heavily-modded Minecraft, but with fancier graphics and a futuristic aesthetic. Singleplayer is split up between multiple ""worlds"", kind of like different campaigns in an FPS or RTS (same content, different area, different ideas involved). I'd recommend fiddling with Creative mode first, because the first world will kill you with hypothermia before you can say ""wait how do torches work""."
,Recommended,254200,11367998,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Locknars,"Full of promise, nice UI. Just started playing with it today. See what they do with it."
,Recommended,254200,11368561,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,<cXn>Necropolis,Great game especially for the price cant wait till its out of testing.
,Recommended,254200,11368884,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Marcus Tullius Cicero,Totally worth it
,Recommended,254200,11368457,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Franc[e]sco | install gentoo,Fell in a giant hole near my base and went into hypothermia in the process of getting out of it.10/10 would hypothermia again
,Recommended,254200,11749327,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,MigeedoFlame,"Decent, a bit confusing though"
76561197978546044,Recommended,254200,13617567,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TautWOLF,"Liked: exploration, figureing out what machienes do, the whole concept of gathering and manufactureingDisliked: that you dont loose your items when you die, no monsters to fight off yet, no diffrent biomes, havent found any water or lava yet. I am saying these things but its still an early access game so lots of potential.overall compared to the price of a movie ticket and buying this game at 3$ which gave me an extra copy for my friend i would deffinitly reccomend this game so if youve played minecraft and liked the tekkit version ide say buy this game otherwise if you wont like the tekkit version i wouldent reccomend this"
,Recommended,254200,13369246,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"A voxel game about making the most efficient production machine you can possibly manage ! Exactly like minecraft's Tekkit except with a TON more polish (since its the entire game, and not just a mod)EDIT this thread is a good example of the type of stuff I make:http://steamcommunity.com/app/254200/discussions/0/626329187092958040/"
,Recommended,254200,22907200,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,bri42,I've really enjoyed the time I've been playing this game.  The mechanics are quite simple but the interactions among them create a rich sandbox environment.Some of the recent videos posted emphasize how extensive the caverns can be.  It's not an exaggeration.  The world is immense and the 3 dimensional aspect of the game is absolutely integral.  And advanced base can easily be to scale a few hundreds meters across and a thousand meters tall (or deep may be more accurate).The developer is extremely active in the community and is constantly adding new things to the game.I strongly recommend the game.
76561198044521579,Recommended,254200,20981248,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pepo,"This game gives me the feeling I had ages ago playing video games. Playing everyday till 3AM knowing I will be wasted in the morning, thinking about my logistic and power setup the whole day in work, watching youtube videos, reading forums. I love it."
76561198070472331,Recommended,254200,21221044,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bobby,this is the best like really its a game about makeing a factory and that stuff in the first video
76561198083211696,Recommended,254200,21239704,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Smilin Fool,Very creative and fun.  The automation is cool love seeing the gears turn and things being created.  I look forward to the future.  Smile it up!
76561198068752801,Recommended,254200,21290431,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Vorian Rotten,"Absolutely love it!  I've been hooked for more than a day now, and I love everything, even how grindy/lengthy unlocking new tech is.  My only real complaint is that ARTHER often flies too far away from you to give you a charge, and if I want to lure him close enough to get a charge I have to spin in a circle just to get a little more energy.  Aside from that, great time killer and really challenges players to think logistically."
,Recommended,254200,22040801,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,XDbored,"earlygame is VERY slow because you can only get 1 slow smelter for all your ores you can upgrade it but its still slow you can also craft a ""early smelter"" but it uses x2 the ore and is really slow and it takes 5 machines just to craft it so its not avalible very early you need to be able to craft the Real smelter sooner"
76561198204857840,Not Recommended,254200,23386809,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Spartan7Golf,"Tried the game again, thought I might want to try the expansion. There is some new content but the performance has decreased. I used to run on a GTX 970 and I recently upgraded to a GTX 1070. Framerate drops down into the 40's with an average around 60. Framerate glitches and stutters consistently, on a 4790k @4.7k.This is a great example of a very poorly optimized game from a struggling developer trying to pay his bills. He is baiting you in with ridiculous grind time for minimal content. He hides additional content behind Patreon support. It's cute that he has gathered a small, mediocre following to manipulate into paying his bills.He is also Steam's most condescending, arrogant and patronizing developer. Which is remarkably self-defeating due to his narrow skillset.Enjoy ;)"
,Recommended,254200,21099058,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,(∩¬ ͜ʖ¬)⊃━☆ﾟ.*,"Most polished early access i've played. Lots to do, and great developer who responds to community feedback actively."
,Recommended,254200,22117291,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mailoto,Super awsome fun party time!..
76561198004706326,Not Recommended,254200,23817597,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sirideon,Get factorio instead
76561198274284407,Recommended,254200,23160819,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ayamachi,"Awesome and enjoyable game.One of the things that I appreciate is that while you can work hard and develop like crazy, you can also take you time and mess around.There's constant, significant development, and an engaged developer.10 / 10I laughed, I cried.  It was better than Cats."
76561198011795850,Recommended,254200,21570435,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[9] Ryac,Excellent gameplay. Engossing and challenging.
76561197974753154,Recommended,254200,21669530,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nestor,"I absolutely recommend this game, it's very fun to play!"
76561198045331291,Recommended,254200,21690277,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,kjkim98105,Fun game.  Active developer pushing out additional play.
,Recommended,254200,14517180,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,PC GAMER 24😍,i love this the kids do to i would like to see water and doors and many things added to the game the kids now ask to play this instead of minecraft as that game is now obslete IE behind the times this is fantastic please add more stuff thankyou
,Not Recommended,254200,13374251,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,bfRheostat,"Monotonous version of Minecraft with machines. I don't know the first version on X360 but Evolved, in this Alpha stage, isn't so appealing. Wait until Early Access ends.Why i didn't like it so much:1- Graphics is the real problem. Low framerate on Good preset (but it's good on Simple, so kind of OK). Models are horrible, especially block ones (like ore deposit boxes, ore extractors, ore refineries etc.). Also still buggy, time by time i see through blocks; can't see distant lands.2- Survival mode? What is that? The only survival in-game is hypotermia which doesn't affect your gameplay. You only die and respawn. Ah, and your robot companion needs a power core. That's all.3- GUI isn't so useful.4- You have to identify every kind of block which i found it as a donkey work.5- This game needs small amount of interactive guides imho. Only a small amount of them.I'd like to make a more solid recommendation but it's unbearable in this state so wait, don't buy it now. This is my last Early Access title, i guess. I'm not a type of feedback guy, so, i shouldn't buy alpha and beta stage games. You shouldn't too, if you feel me."
76561197969506563,Not Recommended,254200,13566760,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Minifuse,so ♥♥♥♥ing fool game and ♥♥♥♥ing no hints and dont buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198014142716,Not Recommended,254200,14563865,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,USRaider,"Fortress craft on Xbox was great, but this version is incredibly lacking.  The draw distance is terrible, and the game is almost completely unnavigable.  I certainly hope future itterations will improve on this.  Please don't buy it, wait until it is improved."
76561198066178675,Not Recommended,254200,14617350,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lucid,After loading up this game i my computer instantly began to lag. My computer mets reccomended specs for this game and as such i expect a singleplayer game to atleast make it through the into before giving me problems. this game has some very good ideas but we havent seen an update since i think february of last year. i would much rather play minecraft and take the time setting up mods than run this game for even a second more.
,Not Recommended,254200,15111428,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DSW102,"saw this game is on sale againthought it was time to edit my reviewthis game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, DONT BUY ITi thought it was gonna be good later, i was wrong, its still ♥♥♥♥♥♥.1/10 this game is AAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS"
76561198151542553,Not Recommended,254200,23409317,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dylanvanmierlo2000,"it is too grindy, lagggy, and does not give the player an enjoyable gameplay"
76561197999130221,Not Recommended,254200,23429271,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GalacticCmdr,"This should have been right down the pike for me. Building, crafting, etc. However, in its current game state it is a hot steaming mess. I still keep it around hoping that it follows its namesake and evolves into something fun and explorable."
76561197995380276,Not Recommended,254200,23445877,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Maledictio,"Game should still be in early access. Unfinished release. Overtones of Starforge Alpha again. The basic game will likely never be finished and is abandoned now in favour of DLC's that will also likely end up the same way. What a pity.Dev running out of funds it seems. Strange when it advertises itself as ""The original FortressCraft was one of the best-selling Indie games of all time"" that this would be the case.Having failed here on Steam, dev seems to have moved off to Patreon to milk the flock further.For a really accurate assessment read the review by 24carat."
,Recommended,254200,24223315,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TropicalLazerBeams,"Loving this game so far. It is one of those rare games that you think about when you aren't playing it. It is a puzzle game, but not those maddeningly difficult puzzle games, it is one where you look forward to solving problems. I honestly believe that this game will make you more intelligent by making you think really hard, like, to the max. And you will love every minute of it.It is addicting, but its a good addiction, ya know? Like, if you were addicted to crack cocaine or something, you should start playing this game and you will forget about your drug habit!"
,Recommended,254200,24224510,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ingwa,"I have been playing FCE for a few weeks now and can say that it's scratching itches I didn't even know I had, along with others I knew. The game is early release so understand that it is not completly finished and evolves. Sometimes things get nerfed to ensure balanced play, reduction of exploits that deminish the fun quality. But also things are constantly added, and new features arrive on an almost daily basis (when using bleeding edge version). Additionally a fair number of mods have been created, with more on the way that make your life even easier.Think of factorio and minecraft put together, but in a super cool symbiotic way.Follow the tutorial. Sometimes things are spelled out to you but you just have to look (example blue text hints that flash occasionally), or the mission system that shows outstanding items. Do them in order and make your life easier. the key to everything is automation, but it can take a little bit of time to undersand that and get setup. There are also modes for those who need an abundance of resources to blast through the game as quickly as possible.Think real mines in the real world...ore comes out of the ground, transported to crushers, and smelters and then transported further. The game thrives on being very spread out, and you have a huge world to do this in, so spread out! Think giant fortresses built that consume your resources.I'll be enjoying this game for a long time to come.You ask, is this worth it?Yes, for sure, at least in my opinion, and I've been a gamer for many years, of different flavors."
,Recommended,254200,24447603,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,dbverreault,"I like it, I like it alot. I like the fact that I have to learn how to build these machines to make more machines to build more things...etc. I look forward to building a huge underground factory.  The only issue so far is that the game is dark, more light from all light sources would be nice...otherwise a great game."
76561198082701779,Recommended,254200,24536680,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,SineJay,"300+ hrs in the game since I bought it and still loving it.The way the game is still being developed is one where you can only have respect for. Updates come (almost) daily, the quality is outstanding. And these are not only bug fixes, even new content is beeing added for the base game / DLC('s). The most respect for the developer goes to his stream while developing. This is surely something to checkouthttps://gaming.youtube.com/game/UCFSLWwsXaZVThhgz6g0cJwAWithout a doubt a game I'll be playing for a long time and once I ever play it till the end, I'll surely start over again.This is really a big bang for your buck!"
,Recommended,254200,24602610,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Cloud (626 Games),"Take a pinch of Minecraft, add a dash of Factorio, bake at 400 for 10 minutes and you have Fortresscraft.Pros-Infinite 3D world-100's of hours of entertainment-Many options to change the way the game goes on each playthrough-community and developer are very active on Steam discussion boards-constant patches adding new things for FREEPros/Cons- Since game is still ""under development"" things may change drastically to the point where old setups will not function the same way. This can be a good thing if you like the challenge.Cons- For inexperienced gamers this game may be a little difficult to get into due to (IMO) insufficient tutorials and guides. (Edit Tutorials and guides have been added/advanced)-If you're looking for a Tower Defense game wherre you can channel your enemies down a certain path, this is not one (enemies fly right through walls).Overall I would suggest you just try it out. It's not expensive and you can get 80+ hours of enjoyment before looking for DLC. And if you get to that point, the Frozen Factory expansion likely would add another 100 hours of gameplay (depending on skill level)."
76561198127404024,Recommended,254200,24809002,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Jester0914,"To be honest, i was hooked almost immedietly. ""Who doesn't love a factory sandbox in SPAAAAACE!""The gameplay was fairly crisp, looked really good even on low quality, there was a bug or two that in coop with my own lack of knowledge to the game caused me to panic and ask for a refund while i was still around 2 hours.  We all know how we walk on tip toes for the first 2 hours of gameplay thanks to the refund policy.All in all, it was seeimingly well done, a few minor things here and there all if not a vast majority of them were worked through with me buy a helpful staffmember, mostly audio and a couple visual glitches like a giant spider thing that is breakdancing.  All in all, What little i played, Good game! Would recommend.PAY ATTENTION TO THE TUTORIAL!!!!Chances are i will buy again at a later date!"
76561198012416624,Recommended,254200,24958988,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[MotU] Mr.Grimm,Great game !!
76561198039081099,Recommended,254200,26718752,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Fixer,I think this game is fantastic! I'm on 1000hrs and still playing!
,Recommended,254200,26963037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Capii,"Trully addicting,reached the CC, but I didnt finish the lava thing.. bit it was worth the weight"
76561197971394975,Recommended,254200,27252128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oldlock,"Best game I have in my library!!!  If you like Voxel games, this is hands down the best with great development continuation/support and a great community."
,Recommended,254200,27295919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,4 papuče | hellcase.com,"I hate this game. Because when I actually pkay this game, I play it for the whole day and I just can't close it."
,Recommended,254200,27345796,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedBlaze,Really good game. So much to do...so easily distracted.
,Recommended,254200,27391126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Till,"This game is quite long, but gives you a nice goal, unlike something like minecraft. you should try it!"
76561198034309586,Recommended,254200,27402129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hughesis,"yes it can be a bit grindy, but taking time to plan out the structures and the time it takes to make machinery give you more of a reason to protect your base."
,Recommended,254200,27444252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YourConscience,"Like a mixture of Minecraft and Factorio. Very buggy in many places, especially multiplayer, and also not very optimized yet. But damn fun building a big complex to run everything automatically.Some very good ideas regarding enemies, I wish more games would be as creative."
76561198102770045,Recommended,254200,27463497,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,razer460,great game
76561198167848053,Recommended,254200,27996582,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cc3769,good game for what i have played for it. bit grindy but its a fun game over all
76561198067992235,Recommended,254200,29107989,Posted: 7 January,all,derakoduran,"Spent over 48 hours on this game in one week and love it. It has progresive dificulty and a largeness that escapes even Minecraft. Plus grappling hook! Enough said! and quick build/mine, at the cost of power of course. There is allot of grind, but it comes with enough items that you are always working on something new."
,Recommended,254200,29260445,Posted: 14 January,all,Majestic Sentry Master Andrew,This is an amazing game I would recommend:
76561198049793747,Recommended,254200,29304945,Posted: 16 January,all,Korhaka,"Fun game to play, takes a while to learn how to play and probably best to check a guide at the start."
76561198128884809,Recommended,254200,29444034,Posted: 23 January,all,Lala Satalin (alannille2),this game is just so perfect.. its a game where you can automate everything what you want and explore very scary and new things what you could not even imagine.. i really recommend this game
76561198046416310,Recommended,254200,29565600,Posted: 29 January,all,Dukasho,"Great game, with amazing update schedule.   The developer is truly dedicated to this game."
,Recommended,254200,29707914,Posted: 4 February,all,Watsabi,"The in-game help system is amazing.  I haven't had to look at a wiki or anything in order to figure out what materials are needed to craft a certain machine or item.  I love the puzzle aspect of how to make systems more efficient and faster.  I would reccomend this game.DjArcas is engaged with the steam forums and he streams a lot of his code work.  You can litterally watch him answer questions and problems with the game and fix things in the code!A couple things to note I had to dig deeper to find out.  The base game only lets you get as far as charging the OET.   I held of on getting the expansion to see if I would continue to play after a few weeks.  Frozen Factory, Here I come!"
,Not Recommended,254200,30060814,Posted: 20 February,all,Corellon,"I really wish I could recommend this game, I really really do but I can not agree with the direction the developer is going.   I have had this game since the early days of early access, I've had fun playing it but it's never been ""finished"" and time after  time I have to set it aside before picking it back up due to ground breaking bugs. Scroll to the bottom for the TLDR;I've had worlds corrupted on me, ones that have had hours worth of work put into themI've had major work lost due to sudden crashesSeveral updates have causes existing worlds to no longer be loadableGranted all of these are while it was in Early Access, frustrating but can be expected from a game in development (hence putting it aside and trying it again later)Well it's been out of Early Access for a while now so I thought I would give it another go around, unfortunately there are still issues that while not ""game breaking"" are 'game breaking'.I have a HTC vive and the game starts up in VR mode every time, unfortunately VR mode isn't useable as the game won't load pass the world creation ""into"", even while loading the resolution is lowered to the point that it's not even playable.  That's fine, I can play it 2D except:There is no way to force it not to start Steam VRWhen it starts Steam VR it doesn't start it properly causing Steam VR to error out until restartedI have to catch the right time in the loading screen to hit space to switch over to 2D modeThen there the other issues with the game:Still crashes occasionallyWhen you exit the game it doesn't quit, steam thinks it's still running and won't let you restart until you quit steam and reopen steam (not just the game)There are still issues with block placement and Orientation and getting everything to align correctlyI understand that the developer needs income to continue development, and I'm good with the fact that additional content is coming in the form of DLC but am rather on the fence with the patreon content.... There is something to be said for the privilege of getting early access to something, but some of those items are in my opinion ""Core"" items, that should be part of the base game (Mutators, since mods break achievements) as well as the fact that the ""base"" game isn't finished and is still buggy.  It comes across that new content is being developed to bring in income, bugs are being fixed while new content is being made but of course new content takes times and effort (which in turn slows down bug fixing), it leaves a bad impression on me that new content is being made to bring in income before the base game is even  finished.   The fact that the content is good and useful is conflicting, I want to support the game and the developer but at the same time I won't be buying DLC for a game that still doesn't function properly.TLDR version;I really want to like and recommend this game but I can't, it's still isn't complete and New content is being released before bugs are fixed in the base game.Game is buggy, crashes to desktop.Even if you quit properly it won't relaunch unless you completely shut down steam and restart itIf you have VR capabilities (HTC Vive) it forces the game to launch in VR mode, except VR mode doesn't work"
76561198216009664,Recommended,254200,30741854,Posted: 25 March,all,Kepsy,Very Very Very Very Fun and creative. This game has come a very long way since I first heard about it about almost 2 years ago when I first heard about it tier 2 ores were just first being implimented and tier 3 was not even a thing. If it keeps on going at this rate this might be my top 5 favorite games which it is very very very hard for games to get into my top 5 favorite games I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE.UPDATE:This game should be NUMBER ONE on the sandbox games it is so good that WE NEED TO COME TOGETHER AND MAKE THIS A NUMBER ONE GAME
,Recommended,254200,31665290,Posted: 10 May,all,Gamem,"I would recommend this game, if you are a fan of things like Minecraft. However, this isn't your regular Minecraft. Think Minecraft meets Feed the Beast Tech modpack, with Tower Defence mechanics. Also, instead of biomes being on the horizotal plane, you dig down to find different biomes.I will say though, there have been plenty of times where I get frustrated with certain things that are... buggy, messy, or just unpolished with this game. However, I can easily say that the fun and functionality of the game overrides the issues, and fun can easily be had.The Devs of this game are still active, and interact directly with their community. It's pretty great."
,Recommended,254200,33892358,Posted: 29 July,all,Sweetly Sick,"It took me a couple of attempts to get into this game, and I'm so glad I persisted.  Unlike MineCraft which you can typically tame within a couple of day-night cycles, this has a much more extensive tech progression system, forcing you deeper and deeper within the world of FC to find elusive materials to take that next major step.  Think 3D factorio and you won't be far off.The survival part is fairly basic, just holding off waves of flying surface-dwelling creatures.  The hardest part about that is keeping your base sufficiently powered to keep the guns firing, easier said than done when your tech levels are low, but trivial later in the game.  The only threats in the deep are your stupidity if you fall too far, or run out of power and freeze to death in the dark.  There's no random mobs to contend with.The game is quite confusing and slow-going at the start, but that's part of the challenge too.  Keep a browser open to search for tips, some Wiki sites are very helpful.  I definitely recommend the workshop mods.A solid 7 out of 10, if you have patience.  I just hope you don't mind psychedelic colours and near invisible crosshairs!ps. If your framerate is crawling, look for alternate ways to achieve the same thing with less parts.  I had my i7 6700K with 1080ti crawling at 15fps until I replaced my massive coal-burning power plants with a few solar plants."
,Recommended,254200,26799819,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kindar Conrath,"Unique take on a Voxel world with mining, processing, research tech tree & tower defence as well as long term goals for victory.Truly a game that should get much more attention that it gets!"
,Recommended,254200,26995828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cpholmes9,This game is so fun and totally worth your time and money.  Give it a shot!
76561198056807293,Recommended,254200,27330874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Superguru,For me this is one of the games that I can play for a very long time.But be warned that this game is not for everyone as it is complex and takes time.Time for gathering resources depends on world difficulty and can range from fast to taking forever.Base building time is not so much affected by difficulty (once you have the resources) but takes some thought to have a good layout. You can even screw up without knowing until it is too late. For example when you do not protect your conveyor belts and have uncontrolled hive mind growth.So before starting I recommend to read some guides and/or the wiki. If you are not willing to read then you may have a hard time. The tutorial is very basic and the ingame help is not enough to understand everything in the game. There are no scenarios or extended tutorials that show you how to master the game.Once you know how things work out it is really enjoyable to build up your base and to automate the tedious processes.The frozen factory expansion is not required immediately for this because it extends the late game. Have played over 100 hours and just about to begin with the additional content. For that amount of playtime it is well worth it in my opinion.The user interface is the part of the game that needs the most improvements. It makes some tasks more complicated than they should be. If you are deterred by this fact then better wait for improvements. It already improved over time but still needs more time.My recommendation:If you are looking for a complex game that requires time or already played minecraft with technical mods like industrialcraft (especially if you like Gregtech) then this is likely a game for you.If you are looking for a game with less complexity and quicker progress you should look into Factorio first and come back once you need more ;)
,Recommended,254200,29523341,Posted: 27 January,all,Trien,"This game is an underdog and a very indepth simulation. It is logistics, tower defense, expansions and features get added to it as well.Dev is responsive, (may not always be what you want to hear) but fair.for most, imagine factortio but 3d. Where your primary goal is digging down to reach new materials and research.Overall great game with alot of content for the price!Also I reinforce  one of the reviewers messagesquote ' The dev is also committed to releasing regular significant updates as long as he can afford to, both as free updates for all players and paid DLC aimed at players spending 100s of hours in-game.'Patreons help support him, but many are getting the free content updates. Not all but  a good portion. Please consider to support him in Patreon!"
76561197973575529,Recommended,254200,29534969,Posted: 27 January,all,LarryTee,I got this game pre-release. And even then its was more polished a year ago than most pre-release games out there.I have started playing again after a long break and things have only gotten better.If you love to figure out and automate production of crafting in games like minecraft or alike you will love this game.I would say many of the bad reviews are a bit unfair. While this game can take some time to get used to like most gamesyou have to read follow the tutorial. I will admit the controls can be a bit hard to get used to at first but do work well and make sense.Best indie game I have spent money on well worth it.
76561198020177848,Recommended,254200,26988107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Freekin,This game just has that ability to make you play just a little bit longer.  You'll think of a way to improve something.  Then you spend the next hour figuring out what went wrong when it all seemed so possible before figuring it out another hour later.  Then you realize it's 2 AM and you should really be going to bed.
,Recommended,254200,29263186,Posted: 14 January,all,SUWHALE,I like building games plus survival  and crafting added.This game is so awesome ! Try it out !
,Recommended,254200,29494549,Posted: 25 January,all,PeeweeBus,"this game is pretty much positive, although it should be noted optimization on steam is terrible. I have a 2600k at 4ghz withg 16gb of oced 1866mhz ram and a 4gb rx 470 and mostly sit around 35 to 50 fps in a decently crammed world, would recommend, although most people on steam  couldnt acre for smooth frame rates anyway. but to sum up this is a minecrafft ftb with improved graphics and no virus scams, unless you download form the workshop and accept the agreements. WORTH THE MONEY"
,Recommended,254200,9790280,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Ol' Frankie Blue Eyes,Maximum Internetz.
,Recommended,254200,10492616,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Masssterbazz,Very awesome Game Needs a abetter in game guide to start you off or a Tutorial in game other then thata++ for efforta++ on grathicsA++ on fun :Dand have the thank this dude for the help he offeredhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyVFcarL25I&index=3&list=UUYZCo7k_DH1dLwPCQekJYpw
76561198083008058,Recommended,254200,8442882,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FullyDynamic,Great game under 10$. I highly reccomend it for someone who wants to kill some time.
76561198107031863,Recommended,254200,11435690,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ндииIьдll,Thats a Wonderful game for old Minecraft junkies like me :D .I like the futuristic design and the idea of the story.It´s too very cool that the World is so Big and with big i mean BIG .in Minecraft i hated the build limit of 256 and the world wasn´tvery deep.but here i can build as high as i want.I hope that in future there was enemys added or bosses or something like that.for fighting action :D .Ok there are a littel bit bugs but very tiny bugs .but the game is in work for new versions. Good Job !! :DPS:sorry for my bad english XD
,Recommended,254200,11892974,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Tubby McFungun,"I am looking forward for the next updates!It is early access and it has a way to go until a release product, but I am more than happy with my purchase.This game makes me think of how I want Minecraft to be!Very impressed by the early development and the developers."
76561198062188954,Recommended,254200,13295921,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Wedge Antilles,"yes, yes, yes - it looks like minecraft at first glance, now get over it fanboys......because even if it looks similar, it's very different!I really enjoyed this game from the start. I never tried the creative mode, but i am heavy into the survival part and i think it's on the right path. Sure it is an alpha, so you will encounter some issues. But overall it looks and plays very promising.I especially like the devs since they listen to the community, are active on the forums and quick to bring out new content, fixing bugs or just having a chat with you on the different topics.Listen up folks, imo this is a no brainer for the sale price!!i especially like:+ the whole automation system+ energy generation and distribution+ future themed (yes, lazors!)+ exploration and research+ heavy machinery"
,Recommended,254200,17102261,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,"could be better, but i still sota like it as it is :)"
,Recommended,254200,22747323,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,randomfatk1d,"Thoroughly enjoyed the tech tree and everything i could do, although i lost interest once i hit the second underground level, and the hopper system sorta strained my eyes, i still strongly reccomend!"
76561197972393277,Recommended,254200,22775380,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,EmGooser,"Um, I have played this more then fallout 4... WTF!"
76561198018561365,Recommended,254200,23017915,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,laguy442,"An amazing game!!I have put a lot of time in the last few months into this game and keep coming back to it almost daily to try new strategies and to see what dev has added to the game (which is done almost daily).   I have never personally experienced a game that had such an open forum for the development of a game.  As a long time game player from games back to Everquest, WoW, Minecraft, etc (and even back to the days of Zork and before) I can't remember ever having the opportunity to give feedback on something and have it actually become a part of the game.   (Don't expect every idea you come up with to be implemented, but if you have a well reasoned and thought out idea you stand a shot).Fortresscraft takes some work.  If you are looking for a game you just start up and have it hold your hand all day while you mindlessly hit a few keys, then this might not be the game for you.   But if you like a challenge and are looking for a game that is constantly evolving and growing, a communitity of players who will help you if you have questions, and a game where you can go online and watch the developer streaming as he builds new game content then you may want to consider this.I am addicted to the game and although I have a lot of hours of play time I am nowhere near completing it.   Like the old saying goes, ""it isn't about the destination, it is about the journey"".   The journey of playing Fortresscraft Evolved for me has been a blast.   I only wish every game I had ever purchased had given me so many hours of fun and enjoyment."
76561198009705869,Recommended,254200,11391533,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Darque,This game is worth the price.
,Recommended,254200,12830270,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ice™,"[This review is for survival mode,creative is implemented,but we have all seen that kind of thing before..aka minecraft.]If you like setting up large factories for automatically collecting things... (Think automatic robots in minecraft)Then this is the game for you! You start with nothing but a laser miner,and from there you craft machines that can do everything for you,from mining to moving to storage! The automatic rich mans lifestyle.Most of the fun currently (as of 11/7/2014) Comes from building the factories/automated lifestyle,and picking out nice spots to store your ores. After that,well..there is not much to do,it's hard to get pretty materials in survival mode to build nice looking houses with. I give the game a 4/5, or a 7/10.Once finished,I can see it being an amazing place to spend most of your time."
76561198062623467,Recommended,254200,24970766,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Wicked,This is an awesome game with so many elements and the game maker keeps updating the game regularly. Best money spent in years imo!!
76561198044637812,Recommended,254200,26613259,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Flip,"Really cool game. People say it crashes a lot but it has never crashed for me as of yet. (i5 4th gen, gtx 950 nvidea cooling at 60 degrees, win 10, 8 gig RAM). In game help could be better but there are a lot of youtube videos that will show you how stuff works anyway.id say 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,254200,26631526,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,L3G1ON,"if minecraft and factorio got together and had a baby, this would be that baby, ALOT of fun, verry addictive making everything automated."
76561198031036644,Recommended,254200,27508135,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,vaughn_carpenter2000,"This is my favorite indie game right now, but I don't know which award catagory it best fits in."
76561197991325579,Not Recommended,254200,27581494,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spook79,Had an extremely hard time figuring out how to play. Steep learning curve to say the least. Not enough tooltips. Couldn't get past the first 5 minutes without getting frustrated.
,Recommended,254200,27601577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NoirSoldats,A very wonderful game that just keeps me coming back!
76561198136455551,Recommended,254200,27775394,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Totus,"Very fun and intricate. Start from minecraft, then add -more-. More drive to explore, more things to build, more intricate systems to tune. Of course doesn't hurt that it's set IN SPAAAACE.Movement and handling is on par with a decent FPS rather than a survival game, and everything from simple hopping around to using the grappling hook just has a feeling of moving somewhere in a hurry.Excellent tutorials and help info for those few times you get stuck in the tech tree, and the scanner makes spotting new and interesting things to track down easy and fast.If there's one flaw, it's that the first half hour in a map is slow as dirt, but things get faster and faster with more and more to do after that."
,Recommended,254200,28079200,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Stockdoodle Gish, Esq.","I'll start by saying that I am having an amazing time with this game.That said, it's definitely a niche offering. I used to play a heavily modded Minecraft (let's start by not pretending the game isn't influenced by Minecraft), but there was always the issue of mods not working well together. Different machines needing different sources of power, for example. Then everything would break when there was an upgrade. It was a hassle. FCE provides the experience I was looking for w/o that hassle. It's more akin to a 3d Factorio than Minecraft.There are negatives, of course. FCE has the nickname toilcraft for a reason. There's a lot of manual labor involved in ramping up automation. Resources are generated slowly, and you'll spend the first several hours waiting for ore to smelt into bars, even AFTER you know what you're doing. You start with one ore smelter, and there is a lot to do before you can even build a second. I find the slower pace relaxing, but I'm old. YMMV. I like the fact that I can carry on a conversation with my wife & watch TV w/ her while playing.There IS a rapid resources mode now that makes this somewhat less of an issue, but you'll still be doing a lot of running around manually smelting stuff for hours to get things going.The world is also really bleak and depressing. That's by design, but after a while it gets to you. A bit of biome diversity would have been nice. I haven't tested it, but it also doesn't seem to have Minecraft's nigh-endless size. It's big enough, though.Summary: If you're a Factorio player who would rather work in a 3d environment, you should check this game out. If I prefered 2d overhead to 3d, I'd be playing Factorio instead of this."
76561197993328845,Recommended,254200,29122095,Posted: 8 January,all,ByProxy,"This is a fantastic game! This is NOT Minecraft. This is more of a 3D voxel Factorio. If you like logistics style games, you will like this.The developer does his best to stay on top of bugs. He also continues to add features to the game. I will say that I still find the controls a little wonky at times (not sure how I would fix them) and the whole game (UI included) could stand for a graphic design sweep. This is not to say the graphics are terrible, but that there is a simple consistency missing to improve the game."
,Recommended,254200,29450753,Posted: 23 January,all,Andy11001002,"TL;DR - Great game centered on logistics systems with free-form voxel construction and wave defense.8/10Factorio meets Minecraft. For those of you that aren't familiar, this game is about planning and constructing logistics systems to gather and process material (Factorio) set in a voxel based world with essentially no limits on the ways you can build with those voxels. (Minecraft)If you like Factorio, go ahead and get FortressCraft Evolved. I think you'll like it. If you like Minecraft however, you may want to watch some game-play videos, as there are many aspects of Minecraft that don't exist in FortressCraft Evolved.This one really gets your brain going. Resources are abundant on default settings, but difficult and time consuming to extract. As such, intelligent and cleverly constructed logistics systems will provide an immediate advantage to players with the smarts to create them. Maximizing the available resources is a constant goal, and to that end the player can continually upgrade or change their systems in attempt to better utilize what's available. On top of that, building is a key mechanic to the game and players can spend as much, or as little time constructing decorative building as they desire. Oh, and there's a wave defense mechanic slapped over the whole game. Not really sure how I feel about that, but it doesn't get in the way."
76561198092810738,Not Recommended,254200,15397094,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Hipster Alpaca,"I am unsure as to why, but when ever I attempt to play this game it loads up the world in a 3D like effect with all different colours and then gives me a narrow window in which to play the game through. Having given it plenty of different attempts on different settings and improved computers I have given up as it has well and truely russeled my jimmies"
76561198277958308,Recommended,254200,24680836,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,UbuntuMiner,"A really fun game. Well worth the money, and I am actually considering buying the expansion pack. I got the game in early access, and have really enjoyed playing through the early changes in the game."
76561198048623723,Recommended,254200,26433472,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Skynred,"This game is to Factorio what Minecraft is to Terraria. (If you didn't get that: Fortresscraft Evolved is a 3D Factorio.)It is complex and requires some patience/time to get the hang of things but, once you do, it's a blast. You go to sleep thinking about how you're gonna automate the extraction of ores, how to optimize power distribution, etc., and wake up eager to put your ideas in practice. If you are not afraid of some hard work and like figuring out how to make things work efficiently, you're probably gonna love this game.It also must be mentioned that this game is being done (you could say it's still in Early Access, there's a lot of content yet to come) by a single guy, which is baffling.----------I'm going to adress some of the points raised by most of the negative reviews to try and set your mind at ease in case you are considering buying Fortresscraft Evolved--and because I believe this game deserves much more praise than it seems to be getting:1 - It has some rough edges indeed (a few Help texts missing, some not quite clear, conveyor belts blinking every now and then, the Spiderbot getting stuck, ...) but they are all minor issues. All the machines and everything else that matters works perfectly. Since the game is being developed by one person, I think that's forgivable and his priorities make sense.2 - The UI is not beautiful, but you get used to it really fast and it fulfills its purpose just fine.3 - The tutorial kinda sucks indeed (you gotta take a look around your base to spot some signs telling you what to interact with and how) but it gives you the basics and its extremely short (I hate long ones.) A small message will pop up on the top right corner of your screen after the mini-tutorial is done to suggest you what to do next so you don't get lost. If you keep an eye on the help-box on the lower left corner of the screen when you point at something, and check the Help Book when needed, you can figure pretty much everything out. (Land your pointer on any item in your inventory then press H and said item will show up on the top of the Help list... I think it's neat how that works.)4 - Some claim the Dev is an A-Hole. Well, I never talked to him directly nor anything but I've seem him answering appropriately and politely to every single Steam-forum topic/question I looked up. The guy seems to work a lot and hard, apparently answers every single question about his game personally and who knows what else, and we, players, can also be annoying with our requests/demands/suggestions quite often so... I think the guy is doing the best he can, I didn't actually see anything that made him look like a jerk.5 - I read about performance issues. I, myself, have an average computer and run Fortresscraft with fixed 60fps and never had any issues other than the eventual crash (rare, about 6 in 70 hours playing so far.)6 - ""The DLC policy."" Okay, this does suck at first glance. The game is not really finished and there's already a DLC. When you are playing, your research one tech tree or go down to a certain layer of the underground and realize you can't mine these ores because you don't have the DLC, or can't build some of the stuff you just researched for the same reason. It♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off too--specially because nothing warns you you need the DLC to do this or that, it's just there like everything else and then... you can't do it (and that's the worst flaw in the game for me.) But then I went to take a look at the Devs writings and some other stuff and... well, the game sells well during sales, but not so much in between them. The guy needs money, like everyone else. But the thing is: he deserves it.I was playing and run into the problems I just mentioned. I quit it to check on the DLC and wonder whether I should get it or not (not on sale, and it costs 30 bucks here in my country while it must be 10 or so for Americans... and our wages are lower as well so I'm paying, essentially, about 6 times more for it.) Well, long story short, after I read everything I did (the Dev's Patreon page, the spread sheet with his schedule for future updates, ...) I just came back and got the DLC, for the reason I said above--I believe the guy deserves it. Fortresscraft is a great game but, sadly, its sales rate doesn't do it justice. So I'm helping him out by buying a buckload of content with the Frozen Factory expansion (only one other game ever inspired me to help out, and that was Tales of Maj'Eyal.)7 - Most of the other complaints seem to be mistakes. People who couldn't find a certain item, or figure out how to decently farm a drop, or where to find something else. I had no problem of the sort--it's all there. In the worst case scenario, you can Google it and you'll find the solution.----------So, summing up: Fortresscraft Evolved is great fun and pretty solid for a one-dev game. If you get it (and I recommend you do) I suggest you get the DLC as well. If you don't, by the time you need it you'll realize it's worth its price and probably end up buying it anyway, like I did.And don't be intimidated by the game's screenshots. Fortresscraft Evolved is intricate, but it's not that garish fanfare they make it seem to be--unless you want it, of course, but it's totally NOT necessary.----------One last detail: you can become a ""Patreon"" by donating 10 bucks or so monthly to the Dev (so with the steady income he can hire a 2D and 3D artists to help him out.) Patreons get some aesthetical bonus items and beta-access to new stuff.----------EDIT: Ok, now that I sank some 200 more hours into the game, I gotta say you spend a lot of time just waiting for resources to pile up--and by ""a lot"" I mean about 2/3 of the time.The base game ""ends"" when you charge the OET (Orbital Energy Transmitter or, as I like to call it, the Over-Exaggerated Timewaster.) Anyone who played 150 hours or more spent about 100 of them just piling up resources to have enough power to charge this thing and defenses to survive the non-stop, overpowered waves of monsters that come when you actually start charging it. If you manage to do everything right (enough power, enough defenses) it's gonna take you about 10 hours to charge the OET once. You gotta do it 4 times. You just sit there, waiting while it charges, because there's nothing left to do until it does.After that's done, you get into the DLC (if you have it, of course, which I do.) At first it's fine, then it starts to get a bit grindy once again, until you are finally able to build a machine called ""The Magmaborer"" which is to the game's expansion what the OET is to the base game. But, doing some quickly calculations, it turns out it's about 25 times worse than the OET. I closed the game--and never went back to it--as soon as I realized that (the OET itself has already been the biggest time-waster and the most artificial game-time increaser I've ever seen in my life.)That stuff needs to be balanced.Nonetheless, when you're actually PLAYING the game, it's great--so my positive recommendation stands. Even with the OET crap and the Magmaborer even-crappier crap, I'm still glad I bought this game (and the DLC as well.)"
76561198076155048,Recommended,254200,27122868,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,heppe12,its a good game and a great tiem consumer if that is wat u wan your sett for life...or untill u get trought te game but itt will take a while
,Recommended,254200,28548182,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sysense,Enjoyable
,Recommended,254200,24279767,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,OptimalG,Truly amazing game I purchased it on sale [[WARNING VERY ADDICTING!!]]
,Recommended,254200,26009983,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,vazkhor,"This game is what you get when you feed minecraft/tekkit steroids and send it to the gym every day for a year.When it gets back it starts selling you crack and telling you there's more, all you need to do is get some more ore and unlock that next research ....Seriously, this is a game about making complex automated structures, if you are doing it manually you are doing it wrong.Would recommend strongly if you like crafting games with a steep learning curve."
,Recommended,254200,27357843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FireDragon,"This game is absolutely fantastic.One major plus to the game is that the main developer (DJArcas) streams a lot of his creation process, between bug fixes and new features, and is relatively easy to get in contact with in a variety of ways- causing a unique sense of being part of the game's creation.The game itself is amazing. Starting with the graphics, all of them are fabulous. They might as well be considered the best- loading very quickly, with little to no lag, unlike most games that try to have good graphics (even with a not-so-good laptop or PC!).On to the gameplay, there is a ton of content, tons of machines to build and resources to gather, while still not flooding the player with too many options. There is a story, somewhat, as well. You crash on a planet and try to get off (this is definitely not the best description of the story), which adds a point to the game, rather than pointless building.This may not be the most coherent review ever, but these are the main reasons (among many other) why I have nominated this game for one of the Steam Awards."
76561198007897761,Recommended,254200,30483552,Posted: 12 March,all,etheric42,"I just can't go back to laying down one conveyer belt per click after playing Factorio.*edit*Turns out I was wrong!  And so were the YouTube videos I watched!  Steam Reviews works again!Still have more time before the next Factorio patch, so will try again this week.  Would have been nice if the interface or in-game help had explained this after I had laid down the ore miner or looked up conveyer belts in the in-game help, but I understand many games are too busy being awesome to explain themselves.*edit edit*Well, previously this was a negative review.  This isn't wholely a positive review either, wish there was some more shades in the middle for Steam.  As I mentioned previously there are some teaching issues.  Mass-building/build-to-me really should be in more help files or hand-hold explained (not the rest, but something as core as that should be clearly laid out from the start, especially on any kind of not-hard-mode).  At the very least it should show up in the help files of commonly mass-built things like conveyer belts.  Additionally the quest/tutorial system that is trying to tell me generally what to try building next started useful but then got very seperated from my current progress, recommending things that I had already done/experimented with a long time ago at sometimes and then recommending things that are way past my tech level (or usefulness) at others.Also, you don't normally expect a Nvidia 1080 with a i5-6500 CPU to hit framerate issues in games, but the center of my base where most of my conveyer belts meet causes noticible chug.  Some gameplay mechanics to encourage spreading out or optimizations would be useful.I also prefer the inserter model from Factorio instead of the way hoppers and belts interact here (that may be due to me paying Factorio first, but I am fine with the different ways they do power).But... building conveyer belts in 3d... digging and building elevator shafts... carting energy to deep mines and barely making it back to the surface before hypothermia sets in....  Very enjoyable in a similar but different way than Factorio.  (although similar to factorio, killing bugs is a bit meh, and the starting wasps have a longer range than the starting turrets, which is frustrating)*edit edit edit*Framerate issues fixed.  When the game starts up, the launcher was pre-set to ""fantastic"".  Downgrade that to ""good"" and the graphics quality does not noticibly go down, but the framerate improves around your core considerably.  Turns out the developers consider ""good"" the effective top-tier for their game.  That's fine, but was not expected and I didn't feel it was communicated that well compared to expectations for that kind of launcher."
,Not Recommended,254200,13583038,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xX_TheReal༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つAlbs_Xx,"The main problem with this game, is you can't see two feet in front of you. It's a bit like minecraft where there are chunks that load when you get to them, but the chinks only load so that there are only ever nine at a time. If you try and build something, you can't see it if you take one step in the wrong direction."
,Recommended,254200,24788098,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,punkroczombi | NBAR,"This is the game for you if you like Factorio, and building factories/Fortress"
76561198016358827,Recommended,254200,24823636,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Stephen,"Still playing Minecraft and mining resources by hand like a sucker?  Ever wanted to just plop down a nice automated resource extractor?Easy, peasy!  Just dig a shaft and set up some lasers to beam power down to your new mine.   Oh, and build conveyers to get the ore back to the surface. And an automated smelting system.  And storage. And an automated coal extraction system to power your generators.  And research for cargo lifts and other what not to replace those old conveyers and...Ok.  Not as easy as digging by hand. But way more fun!"
,Recommended,254200,26801129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,la_rapiere,"Fantastic game.  I love voxel based games, and this is one of the best.  Instead of searching forever for ore, you set up machines to mine the ore for you, and you get to spend time exploring and finding new items to research."
76561198097445993,Recommended,254200,27037622,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Space Cow,"It’s 19:00pm, I got time to do that….. wait what it’s 01:00am"
,Recommended,254200,29681453,Posted: 3 February,all,fael13[BR],"Great game, with a lot of content, and constantly updated, but still a bit incomplete in some aspects."
76561198079507967,Not Recommended,254200,11356144,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Owl,"Aside from looking like a potato crudly taped to a monkey with down syndrome, Fortresscraft has some good Ideas... but can the company use them in a way to complement the game?Im gonna answer that right off the bat, no it can't. This game realeased in early access more than 4 YEARS AGO and I still have a better time playing the orignal one on the XBLA. This game completly fails to motavate you to do anything at all. It starts you out with a drill gun that can dig through ANYTHING IN THE GAME so I had no reason to craft a better one even if you can. It also starts you out with a ♥♥♥♥ING LASER CANNON so there is also no reason to get a better weapon either, y'know im not even sure if theres enemys in the game to shoot at. I did find little flying robot things that I could'nt collect like a perk (like in the first one) and I tried to shoot them with the Mega Death Death Ray Gun that it just gives you and it just wizzed right passed them. Speaking of robots you have a little robot thing that follows you around and shows you the block you're carrying incase your completly brain dead. Lastly, it spawns you with a 3 tourches  that emit enough heat to burn through the earths crust. See, there is this system much like thwe hunger in minecraft in here but with tempeture. And scince it spawns you in the middle of a blizzard I decided to make a house to get warm in. And after I made a house of wood and stone and waited for 5 minutes I did not get any warmer. So I dug in the middle of a moutain hoping to get warm and littarly nothing happened with 5 blocks of stone on either side protecting me from the cold. So the only way to get warm is by getting items that emit heat. But scince the crafting system is as easy to work as rubber stilts You're. Basicly. ♥♥♥♥ed. But when I was on the brink of freezing to death I decided to die in good lighting, so I set down a tourch and withing 12 seconds I overheated and died ... so ... ya."
76561198019972469,Not Recommended,254200,13377711,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rascal Nag,"This game is the reason no one should buy early access games!  My friends and I bought this game thinking we could all play together just like in Minecraft, but with some added flavor to it.  Boy were we wrong! This game is also the reason why refunds should be available on games."
,Not Recommended,254200,14914431,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rogue Trooper,"i say don't buy this game'they need to fix the thread crashed bug and glitchs before adding to the game.....this game is like xenominer and minecraft in one game but far better,,,,,,,,,,,"
,Not Recommended,254200,15788179,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Silica,"PROS:- Nice graphic @ 60 FPS...- awesome quick build...- only spended 2,24€ on this game...CONS:- ...but really slow graphic build up- ...with absolute no tutorial at all (if it's really only the 6 text boxes, when beginning the game, then make a better tutorial, like in Minecraft)- ...but still want my money back, because the game doesn't work at all- crashes continuous @ 60 FPS!!!- the controller support is terrible, why not using the mapping of the X360 Indie Game version?- the keyboard get's turned off every 5 minutes (runs perfect on windows)- not working achievements (follow on Twitter, Run on 64 Bit version maximum settings, only two examples)- absolute no music or ambient at all- multiplayer games not really easy to set up- crashes if I end the gameCONCLUSION:I played this game allready on Xbox 360 before and it was a great game, but here in the PC version allmost nothing works. The controller support doesn't work, you can't configure your block set, can't switch tools and many other things too. The keyboard set up works so far, but often the keyboard get's disabled for some weird reasons. If I dig down, to get on lower levels, it get's stuck at 500 blocks lower level. The graphic doesn't build up anymore and the keyboard get's disabled. Please don't tell me, it's because my PC is too weak. The game runs allways at 60 FPS, so really no lag at all. Only the graphic doesn't build up. One of my biggest issue is, that there is no playable tutorial at all. It has so many new functions in comparisson with Minecraft, that a player can't know all that. To figure it out, would be probably a very long try and error. If the heavy bugs get solved and a short tutorial get's implemented, I give it another chance. Else I declare the game as dead. -.-'I can live with not achieveable achievements, they're a nice add to games, but not necessary. ;)But bad controls and tons of crashes are an absolute no go. :'( (\s/)"
76561198022183240,Not Recommended,254200,18079161,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,dke47059,"trying to reset a world and it crashes, wouldn't recommend buying until they fix alot of problems with it"
76561198055527644,Recommended,254200,24282471,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,matmoos,I HAVE TO SAY  this gets better with time i cant falt any part of this game wooh how much play you get for your moneydon't think about this one just get on with it  worth every peny of its price  ive even got the d.l.c  and lookin ford to more of that good work done  so far
76561197976874539,Not Recommended,254200,26593750,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,OpusTheFowl,"Fun game but constantly crashed for me. I wish there was a middle ground for reviews as that’s what I would give it but as there is not, TD for me."
76561198045302046,Not Recommended,254200,24342100,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,delerium76,"Was great, but it turned into a boring grindfest.There was so much potential in this game, and I liked it for a while, but I can't really recommend it anymore.  It's changed into a money grab and you can tell that the passion has left this game in favor of ""what shiney can I put in the game next.""  This game heavily suffers from unpolished feature bloat simply for the sake of bringing in more cash.For instance:1. You have 1! biome, so forget exploring.  From the moment you step foot on the planet, you've seen everything it has to offer until you dig down for miles.2. Grind for the sake of grind.  The equipment tiers are mostly just numeric advantages with color change, and very little functionality differences.  This is just to waste more of your time.3. Huge vertical distances, just for the sake of it.  I'm not kidding, you can dig a very long way down before reaching the different levels, and this would be a feature if it weren't such a barren emptyness that you are digging through.  There's no point to the far distances other than to add to the transportation grind, and just to say ""it's a huge world!""4.  Dev prices things to fit his financial needs rather than to be competitive in the market.  The expansion has a price tag of 15 bucks, which is more than the original game!  A complete ""screw you"" to the loyal fans who bought the game originally.  Hell, I payed less for fallout 4 expansions than I would if I were to buy this one, and that's a AAA title!  Get real.5. Monsters are an afterthought, with no real pathing, pathetic AI (because the dev can't be bothered) and a silly minigame based on your production levels.  There's no real threat at all to yourself except from falling damage.All in all, these things make the game feel unpolished and the dev seems to have an obsession with gadgets and machines and cares little about gameplay."
76561198003386543,Recommended,254200,24774095,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Syche,"Totally hooked. 15 hours in and I've barely even scratched the surface. Never thought setting up power relays. mining conveyors, and weapon platforms could be so fun.The graphics are fantastic and every machine I've used so far has very clean animations. Has a decently high but fun learning curve and screwing around with components, reading the very in depth help menu, or asking people on the discord can clear any confusion up quickly - even the devs are on the discord.I've played minecraft with over 200 mods on a single server and it doesn't even come close  to the things you can do in this game, the pictures I see posted constantly of other peoples creations just make me want to work towards that point even more. Not to mention once you get to a certain point in the game you have to set up defenses to start killing waves of enemies that show up to visit you every now and then.For those of you thinking this is just a minecraft clone are dead wrong. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,254200,24786054,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Keefkeef,"Brutally fun and addictive, and I say this as someone who loathes minecraft, but loves Factorio. This game is perfect."
,Not Recommended,254200,8943334,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Fave,"Very hard to get into, no help with the controls and very wonky when you do figure them out. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,254200,26261338,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"This game.I've seen it on sale and bought it, expecting to see a quality Minecraft clone.""Mostly Positive"" rating means nothing, apparently.The game is buggy, incredibly ugly, it lags, it crashed on the first time I turned it on, it hangs on the options screen every time I try to change settings...What a disaster.refunded/10"
,Not Recommended,254200,9961032,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,hol up nigga,"I hate to say this, but i've hinted at many ways to fix this game with no consideration whatsoever.This game is bloody awful, a huge step down from the predecessor FortressCraft.This abomonation feels like a bad minecraft mod, with cheesy, overdone 3d models that look lazily done, and not to mention the gameplay is elastic and horrible.The old FortressCraft was beautiful, your only limit was your imagination, but on this? the limit is you might not have a super powerful computer, WITH THESE GRAPHICS, THAT SHOULD NOT BE NEEDED. OPTIMIZED MY♥♥♥♥♥ NOT TO MENTION THE GRAPHICS, EVEN THOUGH REQUIRING SO MUCH, MANAGE TO LOOK UGLY AS ♥♥♥♥. This game blew up my last Power supply, so maybe look into that.This game has an awful interface, confusing and downright stupid controls, and no point of purchase.I can NOT express my hatred of this game through words, they have taken an amazing game and DESTROYED it.If you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games that feel like chinese knockoffs of already mainstream games, hell, give this a go.But if you're like me and want your MONEY'S WORTH, DO NOT BUY THIS.Though there is SOME gameplay that doesnt make me want to gouge my eyes out with the rusty♥♥♥♥♥♥of a thousand demons, it is not worth the money. i feel pain for anyone else that has payed♥♥♥♥♥♥for this abomination.(PS. the reason it's so different is because of death threats from minecraft fanboys, that projectorgames took seriously. yeah.)(PSS. Nope, they will NOT fix this game, as it's already ""GOOD"")Summary 4/10"
76561198084995930,Not Recommended,254200,33875190,Posted: 29 July,all,Jack,The biggest challenge in this game is navigating the map; using the awkward grappling hook to manoeuvre up and down mine shafts while simultaneously trying to place conveyor belts. It's frustrating and clunky giving you no space to think about automation. The UI is also disgusting.Just go play Factorio it's better executed.
,Not Recommended,254200,11155220,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Deadlock,"Like Factorio. Except really, really bad. And ugly like you can't imagine. This game is pretty much offensive to at least four of the five senses."
,Not Recommended,254200,11211347,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Nethersquid,This game lacks many features and a decent tutorial and lacks almost any entertainment value
76561198096103657,Recommended,254200,7996480,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,nextech63,I think Its fun and all but i want to build a working fortress to fight bad guys and all but dont get me wrong it had a lot of creativity but i want something like a survival gameplay like the IOS app(i think this is the name) Block Fortress.
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,254200,24122924,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ketamarine,"Don't bother. WAAAY too complicated (UI, research, factory components) and slow paced for new players to figure it out and actually build a meaningful base.I wish I could get a refund after the ~8 hours I spent bumbling around in this thing.Just play factorio.Also the Devs are COMPLETE ASSHATs on the forums. Seriously, go poke around and read some of their replies... Condescending and rude...OH and BTW - 8 hours in there was literally ZERO combat... totally mis-sold based on trailers and gameplay footage..."
,Not Recommended,254200,23393346,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ZionsAlliance,The Graphics are great but the controls are complicated and worst of all i cant tell what is hell is in m inventory at alland even worse after that you have to stick around spawn to do research and stuff and not to mention you have to research and process that research for every block!!!!
76561197977084146,Not Recommended,254200,24607864,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Elusive,"Well the last straw was that the machine to see what you have stored in your ""mass storage"" requires the DLC. However, the game will let you craft it (at large resource cost). DLC for a basic quality-of-life interface? Nope.The good: Great ideas, and many original ones.The bad: The base game is not ready. Early-access level at best. Power-creeping DLC. Some performance issues, especially with a few people on a small-ish dedicated server. Also, unlike Factorio, for example, this game punishes you for trying to automate - all factories have small costs, but all automation machines have huge costs associated with them. It should be the reverse for obvious reasons. And lastly, I have some security concerns about the mod system, as it is DLL-based.Will probably revisit in a few months if it seems like it has improved."
76561198048689639,Not Recommended,254200,23447573,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tarkov,All i can say is i would like my money back as this game will never be finished nor good.
,Not Recommended,254200,13576274,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,will smith is eating my soybeans,"This is a terrible game I don't care if you hate me for itWhere is the copy/paste tool?SCREW THAT! Where's everyone of the tools?This is a boring ripoff of minecraft, it lacks creativity.I wouldn't get it if it was free.0/10Worst game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,254200,12201272,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Alex,"If you have a macbook pro retina 2014, don't buy it, I got it months ago and still can't get it to work and received 0 replies to email sent to support..I don't want to use bootcamp since cooling is not well regulated it gets too freakin hot even with fan control apps..just want to play on mac, but can't even start the game..if ""macs are not for gaming"" is the only thing you can say, please refrain yourself for sharing such deep wisdom..if game states it is also made for macs, then I expect it to work or it's false advertising (in case of early access I at least expect game to start, but have bugs, crashes etc.. that's understandable..)"
,Recommended,254200,14508604,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MYCRAFTisbest,"It is a fun and addicting game. It is like Minecraft with the focus on a singleplayer mining factory type experience instead. I highly reccomend you use a guide to get started as is is unclear how to do certain tasks like replenishing power and crafting materials.Definatly worth a buy escpecially at the time I am writing this since it is 75% off. I got this game a week ago and I almost wish I waited, but it is enough fun for me to not be too sore about not saving money."
,Recommended,254200,14000704,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ДѴДЯЦS LЦЖ,"this game may not be entirely feature complete yet, and doesnt have a clear goal, but seeing it is in active development with competent, friendly and skilled developers, i see no reason not to love this game.it is currently a sandbox creative with a sandboxy survival modes game, soon to be a game with creative and a true survival game mode with creepy crawlies...it has similarities to minecraft, sure, and no doubt people will compare the two games to each other, but it is different on a multitude of levels and scale, and in a lot of areas.i leave it up to you, the new player to find out what exactly, as i found that some players find different areas overlapping then others...as for what is actually in the game, it works for the majority and is good fun, though not to much is there yet, but if it doesnt work (properly) it is highly likely that there is work being done on the subject which fixes or improves it the next or coming update(s), and if you report a bug which hasnt been covered properly yet, the devolopers will be very happy to fix or at least as soon as they can, and they let people know what they actually do.you'll likely get a response anyway unless its considered trolling.there are currently big feature updates on the roadmap to diversify the game and improve it as far as i know, which will make this game from a good alpha/beta, to great up till amazing released game. (*cough* *transportation* *cough* *fluids* *cough* *to name a few* *cough* *cough*)i'd say if you like voxel based games, give this a try, its different from the norm with its machines and ideas, definatly worth the few bucks/euros it will cost you, though i have to warn you, there are bug, but this is normal for a young game (currently alpha/beta).i paid, and i dont regret it a single bit."
76561197995889374,Not Recommended,254200,14524768,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dustyskulls,"Welcome to the Early-Alpha game part 55, in this part, it shifts from the DayZ wall zombies to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ minecraft-like-clone that will never even be close to completed."
,Recommended,254200,10548569,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Iroquois Pliskin,I'm too poor to afford Minecraft so I bought this game instead.I'm rating it a solid 9/11
,Not Recommended,254200,9983686,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,KuntaoDaChump,"I've been playing Minecraft for two years now, and I love it. I hate to compare this game to Minecraft because their so different, yet so similar. Yes, they both have blockes, and everything. But Minecraft is simple at the start, then gradually gets more complicated. This game however, is impossible from the start! The torches don't evem light up dark areas. If you are looking at this game from Xbox 360 expirience, don't be fooled. They are COMPLETLY different. I liked Fortress Craft on the Xbox. But on this, it sucks. Yes it does look pretty, but who cares. Its so dang difficult to get used to. I hate it. I want my money back!"
76561198169188648,Not Recommended,254200,23469673,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,PwnerofNewbs55,ive played this game a little i would like to say im not hating on it and im not loving it but its a really good concept. i got this because i thought id be like it was on xbox but it wasnt.
,Recommended,254200,11428286,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Jehan,"This game is amazing, since I have been playing and streaming I have seen many buy the game and join in on the fun. The fully automated bases are awesome with tons of hours of game play. Ready for the multiplayer to be launched!!!"
76561198039709014,Not Recommended,254200,26335229,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bombr,"I was excited about this combination of minecraft and factorio, or at least up to the point, when i started to play.Tutorial is useless. It ends before i even noticed, it started and i learnt almost nothing useful. I had no idea, what to do. After I scanned immediate surroundings and mined some stuff, i had no idea, what to do next, just wandering around.Gameplay seems to be and tedious and not intuitive. Most of the time you just run somewhere, do 2 scans and then go back, because energy in your suit runs out almost immediately. Its annoying and terrain is boring.Graphics is similar to minecraft and yet after awhile, you feel dead inside, just from looking around.I did not get to the part with automatization, which seems to be main point of this game, so i could fit in two hours for refund. Just basics, seemed to be logical enough to understand. Just conveyor belts had some issues for me, trying to connect, because up and down conveyor belts are different blocks and look too similar, when i was trying to place them.It might be playable, if some improvements to graphics, gameplay and especially big improvements to tutorial are made. Since I started to judge games only on their current state and not on what if and maybe. I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,254200,12340732,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,=BBUK= Byrddawg,"--Update-- 4/22/16This game is like taking the technic pack and multiplying it into something that's amazing. This game gets regular updates and the Dev has stated that theres years of work ahead, so this game is surely going to be great.Pros-Regular updates-Solid gameplay-Clean UI (Before it was a con in my review but since has been cleaned up)-Amazing tutorial (Before it was a con in my review but since has been cleaned up)Cons-No Exit to Menu function so the only way to move to another world is to exit the game completelyI will keep this review updates as I go a long"
76561198293112827,Not Recommended,254200,22014938,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Gamerson55,I think the game is... little laggy THAT SUCKS also the game is BORING
,Recommended,254200,12112935,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Thepuremassacre,"Loving FortressCraft Evolved!  I have been playing it exclusively for the better part of a week now.  A tad frustrating at the start but once I got rolling things got much easier.  Highly recommended for fans of Miners,Voxel, Building, Sandbox games."
76561198065151969,Not Recommended,254200,15044556,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mist4213,I still don't remember why the hell I got this game
,Not Recommended,254200,15219077,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Tiger_Jack,"I really don't know what is this game supposed to be, because this game doesn't make sense to me. it's only about guy who have fancy gun that breaks everything. :\"
76561198041611157,Recommended,254200,12364879,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tamira750,this game is great!it uses 64bit systems but can also run on lower end systemsits a game that make you think- how to plan your strategy not to freeze to deathI give it 10\10
76561197993011887,Not Recommended,254200,15006550,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bunny,everytime i try playing this game i get a face full of glitches... and a bunch of useless tutorials that dont teach me♥♥♥♥♥♥.. i want to enjoy this game but the literally most annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t always gets in the way.... i will not recomend this game for anyone ever.. ITS BEEN IN EARLY ACCESS TO LONG!! ♥♥♥♥ING FINISH IT!!
,Not Recommended,254200,15053528,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Splash,WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HEAP OF ♥♥♥♥ING DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198225307376,Not Recommended,254200,19241950,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Z_bar9,I worked about 2 months on my base and it randomly crashed. For some reason it put me in creative mode and now i have to restart completely!!! An extra tip if you want to go from suvival to creative just simply crash your game. If you don't want your world ruined dont crash it!!!
76561197985463833,Not Recommended,254200,22328977,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jezebeau,"System requirements on the store page say the HD 3000 meets minimum requirements.  My Surface Pro 3 has an HD 4400; I buy the game.  Upon entering the game, a pop-up tells me that it detects that I'm using an HD card, and will encounter graphical problems.  The framerate, even in the limited tutorial space, is terrible; I return the game."
76561198074565515,Not Recommended,254200,26589938,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SeniorHunter,"Crached my pc with powerfull nvidia video card. Low optimization quality of the game. I can play DOOM4 with ultra video settings, but this game only on normal settings and it regularly crashes."
,Not Recommended,254200,27935631,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nebulas Prime,"Sigh.....Just anothr cheap knock off with bad graphics, worst controls and mess up loading time. At times, it won't even load up the world to the point I am forced to close it."
,Not Recommended,254200,26637865,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,generalking007,"if your into reading a bunch before you can actually do anything, have fun, otherwise, steer clear. basically modded minecraft, but less fun/."
,Not Recommended,254200,12414843,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is still too Early Access (even for me - someone who lives on the Early Access store page). Survival is basically nonexistant. No enemies, broken game mechanics (many many basic menu options are unclickable), and quite glitchy even for my taste. This game will probably be ok in the end - it sets itself apart from Minecraft by having VERY different goals and game mechanics.The good:1. Sets itself apart from Minecraft in countless ways2. Multiplayer servers are free to set up3. Game is cheap-ishThe Bad:1. Game is too glitchy and surivival is basically unplayable in current state2. Graphics are worse than Minecraft (but not by much)3. You can click blocks no matter how far away you are (hard to believe in reality, but ok)4. You don't take fall damage? This is weirdI'd wait, or buy it cheap now and put it on ice for about 12 months."
,Recommended,254200,12209101,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,KadenTempes,Very Intresting Cant wait to see wheret this goes
,Recommended,254200,17832431,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,READ PROFILE,Pretty cool I guess
76561198170297290,Not Recommended,254200,15352561,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,salty saudi,it intensions are good but the game it self wasnt the old game i am sorry but why total miner forge is coming to pc soon and i got in to the beta and it the the exact same as xbox it amazing game but this garbage
,Not Recommended,254200,24955011,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Like 20 Wizards,"First things first, I love the idea behind this game. The idea is amazing, and this game will probably be amazing in the future, but right now, I can't recommend it. I've found more bugs than in Goat Simulator, the tutorial is unfinished, and maybe I'm just stupid, but i find it extremely difficult to make a working factory. I know I haven't played much of the game, but I just cannot figure out how to play. Even the in-game guides are no help! I'm sorry to say it, but this game is terrible, even with the concept being my idea of a perfect game. Maybe in the future I'll re-visit it, because I really, really want to love this game, but for now, don't buy it unless you have a friend who knows how to play the game."
76561197983411960,Not Recommended,254200,26301422,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DonLoL,"Extremely dissapointed.I tried playing multiplayer with my friend. When he hosted, whenever I tried to connect to his server, I got kicked cause of packet loss being higher than 25%. Why the game doesn't allow host to decide whether to kick a person because of that is a mystery to me. When I hosted, my friend couldn't collect any resources - whenever he broke some blocks, game said he collected them, but he didn't receive them in his inventory. Great.Multiplayer settings in the options menu are unresponsive - can't change the default ""friends only"" setting, can't change build permissions.When I tried entering a name in whitelist, the game became unresponsive so I had to alt+f4.Later, game also randomly stopped reacting to input from keyboard - I couldn't move, but I could look around. Alt+f4.Stuff like that kept happening all the time.I'm extremely surprised that this isn't in early access anymore. Cause it certainly feels like an early alpha build of the game. I enjoyed Dwarf Fortress's user interface more than that."
,Recommended,254200,28198436,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,★ Intrigue ★,minecraft on steroids
76561198014995996,Not Recommended,254200,31093926,Posted: 12 April,all,Teka,"Wanted to like this game but MP was just a frustrating mess that not even the DEV could help me work out. It was some issue where my friend would be disconnected shortly after connecting. It would desync him, and then kick him afterwards. Both of our internets are fine and we've been able to play tons of indie games over MP, with this being the exception. Sucks because this is basically a 3D Factorio."
76561198050520926,Recommended,254200,30711046,Posted: 24 March,all,~~TSK~~CryptZar,I really like this game. It is a technic based sandbox game. You get some resources and you need to get more :)20:30 24.03.2017TSK CryptZar
76561198152103849,Recommended,254200,26666916,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Reaperrazor,"Take Minecraft with manufacturing/industry mods, remove 99% of what you think you know about Minecraft with said mods and press start.Fair warning to those who think it will be pick and go, it isnt. Your first game will be confusing, hard, and an utter mess. After 2 days you will begin figuring out how basics work, and then after you start trying to automate Iron and Lithium will the game really start.If you think you have the time, patience, and logic then buy this for the LONGGGG haul. Otherwise, wait til we get a new tutorial.Pros: Deep and ever growing complexity in automationWHAT DO YOU MEAN WE ARENT ALONE!??!? MAN THE AUTO TURRETS!!!! GET SOME NUCLEAR HELLFIRE!!!!A deep satisfaction in breaching a new layer of complexity or depthFactorio gone MinecraftCons: Tutorial is woefully bad at the present time, and the help book ingame doesnt give enough advise on some subjects.WHATCHO MEAN I NEED TO USE MY BRAIN TO SOLVE LITTLE ISSUES AND BIG ONES TOO!?!?!"
76561198198502635,Recommended,254200,22715112,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,taterthetank,"i love this game.you can play for hours without getting board, a tip, dont travel on the surface to far or youl be creeped out"
76561198084416564,Recommended,254200,23047091,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Explosive Diarrhea,"It's Minecraft on an alien planet with lasers and automatic mining.  its fun, but written with the Unity engine, which makes for really laggy gameplay if you build anythign close to a decent sized base."
76561197991962805,Recommended,254200,15794772,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Recommended,254200,13465558,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tomato ass,Fun enough.
,Recommended,254200,8315886,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Awesome Sauce™,"This is Minecraft 2.0, the option to make special blocks makes it worth the purchase.Want to make a table? You can, you can make special blocks for the table's legs, then one for the top of the table, then a plate of food and a wine glass. It's marvelous, simply making blocks is enough to play this."
76561198090678270,Recommended,254200,22901261,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,gavin.crouch,"Simply AWESOME!Warning: This game will suck up a lot of your time so prepare to have your rear end planted firmly in your seat... worth every minute though.I have read it's a clone of Minecraft... uhm, sure, if an Orange is a clone of an Apple. Mods make Minecraft what it is, and this game already has amazing content without mods.If you are into machines, automation, logistics and a 'never ending' world (there's no bottom like bedrock in MC... it just keeps going!), superb graphics, regular new content and a development team that has your constructive input and interests at heart (within reason of course)... then this game is for you.There's even a development live stream where bugs are fixed, content added, input considered, questions answered and... a cat?!!! Who else does that!?  :-D"
76561198066556321,Recommended,254200,13696044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LeadPaintChip,"Upgrade your suit as soon as you can!!!  Controls are opposite of Minecraft which will drive you crazy if you keep the settings that way, unless you have never played Minecraft.  Not sure what good the little ARTHUR is but don't worry about him being on fire.  In the beginning there is nothing you can do for it until you start refining ore.  Overall good game, would like to see more research options, early ladder options would be very nice.  Until you make the jetpack it is a pain in the butt making stairs everywhere."
76561198064633766,Recommended,254200,22318174,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BACKDOORBERNIE,a great game to play for a few minutes or maybe more?
76561198236165516,Recommended,254200,24944396,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Conner,"good game,"
,Recommended,254200,28170957,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,= Cid =,"I see a lot of negative review about this game. And honestly? WHY??? this game is fun! :DThe game cost me 2 dollars on steam during the sales... and i played it 28 hours already (and wasted my ♥♥♥♥ing week end, ♥♥♥♥ off to the dev lol). That game is entertaining me for 0.07 dollars an hours at the moment... (and more to come haha)Ok there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of quality of life improvment, the game is kinda grindy etc, but it's part of the ""fun"" of games like that and factorio etc...If i could make just one suggestion about the game, since it's quite close to minecraft in term of look. You should add a few blocks (quite sur it's not complicated to do so), just for the aesthetic part. Add a few ""door"", colored block, wood and stone type in some kind of ""DECORATION FABRICATOR"". Why ? it would appeal to more people. My gf looked at it, kinda like it, but was like ""can i do a house etc?"" and sadly not... I mean, i spent 28 hours building my little industry, and i m quite sure a lot of people would love to take a small break and be like ""ok let's build myself a pretty house now while everything is harvesting.A few qol i would love is being able to fill harvester and things like that using a SHIFT or CTRL CLICK, at the moment it doesn't seem to work very well, or i may do something wrong. The interface could use some improvment, but honestly, it's a ton of fun if you like that kind of gameI'll give it a positive review because it's totally worth the money!Thanks to the guy who transformed factorio in a cool 3D minecraft game :D"
,Recommended,254200,30278817,Posted: 2 March,all,vvav,"This is a good game that scratched a similar itch to Factorio. I don't know about you, but I love conveyor belts. While you could call this game Factorio in 3D, it's unfortunately not as polished as Factorio. It has a very annoying visual glitch (on my system) that causes power lines to be visible as flickering lines through walls, and there are some very frustrating game mechanics that are never properly explained in-game. I don't regret spending money on this game, but I'm hoping that continued development on it sands off the rough edges."
76561197966892174,Recommended,254200,28709168,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Noob001,Great Game.  The update are often and keep the game great
,Recommended,254200,32486908,Posted: 16 June,all,Agent Muldur,Good game just needs better multiplayer system
,Recommended,254200,30498377,Posted: 13 March,all,kptncook,It's like Minecraft but with more of an emphasis on blocks serving a function rather than aesthetic .UI leaves much to be desired but they are working on that.If you like factorio you will probably like this game.
76561198125699893,Recommended,254200,30884096,Posted: 1 April,all,notyarbllewe,"I like the game, but it has a few flaws. First of all, a lot of the menus are a bit mest up. The boxes are out of place, and some buttons dont even do anything. Second of all, how do you stop flying in creative? I start flying upwards when i clicked spacebar. Im used to game having this, but i dint even click anything in the first place, so it made me start out flying. I did whatever I could to go back down. I even held down shift like it stated, but it still didnt work. It may have been a computer problem, along with it saying that I failed to host a server, but still. It can maybe be part of the game causing these. Though I think these flaws are overtaken by the entertainment, I recommend changing it to using steam connection so you can just invite your friends and internet problems wont happen if you can connect well to steam."
76561198121415079,Recommended,254200,25162955,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Joe[VI],"I like the game, and it intrigues me a ton, but I really can't enjoy it because of it's optimisation. I'm pretty sure I'm the one whose on the wrong side of the fence here, because my computer isn't really up to par with most of the games steam has to offer.Don't get me wrong, I REALLY appreciate the work the devs put into this game, but because I can't enjoy it due to my pc's limitations, I'd really appreciate a refund. I've only played about 8 hours of the game but most of the time, I spent trying to fix the graphical options and later having to google ""how to run fortress craft with decent frame rates full screen"" and watching tutorials that'd hopefully fix the framerates so that the game would be a lot more enjoyable.I just can't enjoy the game even with a tiny window; I have a knack for tolerating unbearable framerates, but I guess I couldn't bear how the game worked on my computer, as games like Minecraft ran almost smoothly here; it's been frustrating me for a while now. I hold no grudge against the developers, as I've seen lots of YouTubers genuinely enjoy the game, and I know how enjoyable the game is.But I would really appreciate it if I can have a refund."
,Recommended,254200,21537837,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Σnvy,"Game have a promising future, devs are a little bit slower in the updates. But it's completly playable.The multiplayer uses too much upload speed (same as streaming a video), so it's horrible to play.And the only thing that keeps me from playing this game is the engine, unity doesn't run well on any system and have few to none configurations.trivia:The dev almost died:http://steamcommunity.com/games/254200/announcements/detail/1331226238875236112"
76561198267378751,Recommended,254200,21400379,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,AnduXD,Good Game!
,Recommended,254200,20596358,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,wazthatme {GG},I have spent too much of my time in this game X_X but I love the game just remember its not minecraft. 10/10
,Recommended,254200,19703442,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Aariak,"I havent got to far in this game, but in my opinion, from what i've played is great! and uh, thats about all i have to say because i don't know to much about it, but it's fun!"
76561198160972443,Recommended,254200,24975446,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jocelynvaillant,"Amazing blend of:1 Part exploration2 parts tower defense4 parts production managementThere is a lot to do at the start to learn and mprove your game, it`s a bit of a learning curve. Once you`re used to it though it`s a lot of fun to run around and manage your operations and to keep things running smoothly!I have played it 1 full day in 2 weeks and can`t get enough, reading about the various tech and rules of the game on the wiki has really improved my game.  You play your way, there`s no optimal build, just make things the way you want!!Would recommend to anyone who liked Minecraft, resource management or factory games!!"
,Recommended,254200,28025661,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LostTribeMaster,Would manufacture a manufacturing plant that manufactures manufacturing plants again !10/10
,Recommended,254200,27251561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KuroKawa,"Playing a fortresscraft  is time well spent. Could it be better? Absolutely. Maybe it lacks ambition, is too repetitive, has a few technical bumps in the road, but I came away from it happy nonetheless. I think you will, too."
76561197986466293,Recommended,254200,24657083,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Katatsumuri,Great game! Many innovative ideas.
,Recommended,254200,24869982,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,GamingComet,"This game is amazing! There is so much to do in this game, and so many different ways of doing it that every time I come back to play I always have an idea of how to improve my base. The very nature of this game is to expand upon the foundations of your base and just make it better than it used to be. This is combined with all the deep underground areas to explore, the numerous ways of defending your base, and so much more! I love how the developer keeps updating this game. I love it when I wake up one random morning to be greeted with a new update! There are actually a few good mods for this game, and they can really help out ingame. This game is well worth the money, and for what it provides, it's pretty much underpriced. I will be looking forward to getting frozen factory!"
,Recommended,254200,24973657,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Eurobertics,"One of My favorite games. It has a very own graphics set but it is fluid and very nice to play.I watched the development for a long time even before I bought it. The main developer (and the team as well of course) are very nice. I watched many live streams on Twitch and within Steam. What I want to say, the developers and the community are very nice and polite.After the first twenty hours of gameplay I still not finished the game. Just scratched the surface of what it can be and do. It is hell of fun (just like to see how everything works once set up and what is beneath the surface).The price is quite fair (more than that), DLC prices are fair as well and these are really adding content (Frozen Factory i. e.). Other DLCs are just for supporting the devs wich is also very good done.Absolutley recommanding this title!PS: I like the cat of DJArcas. :D"
76561197962639260,Recommended,254200,26577867,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,cwdtsunami,"An absolutely fantastic game about building, exploration and automation. Been playing more hours than I can count."
76561198133122396,Recommended,254200,27621610,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,alther_mella123,"Good game, lots of content.  Very good at teaching you what you need to do in the in game manual."
,Recommended,254200,27922461,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|FF| Cypherwulfe,"This is the ultimate 3d automations factory game, hands down!"
76561197998413605,Recommended,254200,28175965,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Count Sporkula,"its a tiny bit grindy until you get used to how everything meshes togeather but for a  tower defence / crafting / survival / semi-sandboxy game it does a really good job. the dev is very active and pushes content out quite consistantly.the progression is pretty good ( for me anyway) there are several different game modes so depending on how difficult or easy you wish the game to be it is easy to tweak it. there is kind of an ""end"" in a matter of speaking but even after that there is much you can do to entertain yourself. especailly if you pickup the dlc which is nearly the same amount of play time as the base game.there are several let's plays out on youtube so go check one out and if its your kinda cup of tea than its well worth the price. or atleast thats how i feel about it and my play time kinda speaks for itself."
,Recommended,254200,29642393,Posted: 1 February,all,Ghost_Control,very gald i purchesed this. Dev apears to actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about US!
76561198114125112,Recommended,254200,32776387,Posted: 25 June,all,Sir_Garith,"It is not a new concept, but they put an interesting spin to it, and the game is very fun, with different aspects that can be dapped into,Its kinda like a puzzle, requiring you to choose wisely what to do first.The automation also is a part of the puzzle... Very confusing at first.9/10, Screw the Myrdocks!"
76561198284812151,Recommended,254200,24647077,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Evolvedfortress,it is awsome
,Recommended,254200,26340009,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Robo,"FortressCraft Evelved i a game with great potentiol that can evolve into something much greater, however right now it has some bugs how ever i would still recomend this game."
,Recommended,254200,27227753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Miau | dot.seizedpixels.de,Minecraft on steroids
,Recommended,254200,28246210,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MutantPotato,"Bought this during the winter steam sale and i've been playing almost nonstop. I've only played single player so far and its pretty damn fun from an engineering standpoint. It does have a pretty steep learning curve with regard to figuring out how it works initially, but after that it's amazing."
76561198108886920,Recommended,254200,35243691,Posted: 27 September,all,Duncan,Awesome game. Every time I play this it seem to get even better. Great work
,Recommended,254200,20673910,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[R18] SoulFrost,Fantastic game if you are into strategy / banished / minecraft style games. Many hours of enjoyment.
76561197996671647,Recommended,254200,20531001,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The Grinch,"I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys creating logistical system while fighting off the native bugs.This game is quite grindy playing single player and is still developing so it might not feel quite complete at times.However the game is still in development, fast development. Developer is very interactive with the community and the community is helpful and active.The game has some awesome mechanics, some cool looking tech and allows for some brilliant designs in automation and logistics.This game will be worth your purchase if automation and logistics are the things you live for playing games like minecraft or space engineers.(also games worth buying!)"
,Recommended,254200,19144086,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,BIG OOF,Bought it thinking it was factorio during a drunken stupor. Was not dissapointed the next morning.
76561198017246905,Recommended,254200,19978175,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,aK,"Awesome game. Open ended, lots of replay value. Programed and runs amazing. It's fun but also engages you with choice to think about how you want to setup your base.It's just a solid game. It needs some time investment so you can really appriciate what a gem this game is. It wont hit you right away, but it will."
76561198232197096,Recommended,254200,19473622,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MinionADC,good game all should play and have fun with friends
,Recommended,254200,19706150,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,SpeedyGarret,i got bunch of hours on this game probably more than 40 right now and ill keep playing it for sure  here quick  pros and cons of this game from my point of viewpros-liberty you are free to start the way you want and explore the direction you want build you base the way you like it and  automate in the order you prefer-awesome automate system really look awesome to just go and watch all machine and robots take ore smelt them take the bars make them into plate then into pod and all that really awesome-potential almost infinite  this game got huge potential it could be develop in massive amount of way lots of mode could be create and got to say map are hugeCons:-ill just die  something you will discover ore deep way deeper than where you usually hang like -500-600  and you gonna say like i should use the elevator every 38 to make my way up after i came here collect or to refill my coal or what ever but you gonna end up count up the ressource cost to do so(since elevator is crap only +38 height is the max i made it works(and i did try multiple times)  so you end up using solutions i wont pick up my toxic filter just go down collect everything out of the storage hopper i got there and wait to die ..Dont get me wrong it work(on default setting) but it dosent feel right-conveyor going vertical i know the devs did it because people complains too much about pipes cost and i got to agree you got to do it in order to progress at decent speed(in solo play anyway)  cause building pipes requires days of farming 4 nickel if i remember right per pipe mean if you wanna extract titanium at -400  you need 1600 bars wich mean 6400 ore in the best smelter got to agree the veins you were extracting will be empty by the time you collect all those ressources for me anyway-feel lost after a while  im somewhere in the game where i need only ressource -300-400  and everything else is automate at the surface   and i got to say i wich i had more generator type or transporting type or better storage hopper ...
76561198003049361,Recommended,254200,25873354,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bearic,"If you like the part of minecraft about building machines, and switches and automating things but not the repetitive mining, this game is for you! It takes that optimization aspect to the max.I love it!"
,Recommended,254200,25533932,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Calkura,"One of the best games I have played in a long time. Recommended by a friend and I haven't looked back since.It's one of those games that I'd like to see the ingenuity of some of the minecraft modders to come and tweek the experience to make it more difficult or with more technological challenges.Fantastic game, buy it."
76561198043449231,Recommended,254200,25763490,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ecclesia86,"First time I am writing a review here for any game! This is actually the first game where I really felt a compulsion to do so xDI'll start with a simply pro and con list for a quick reference of what to expect, before I write a bit more about it:+ lots of puzzle solving and planning ahead+ game occupies your head even when not playing it (a rarity)+ great sense of accomplishment when you see a personal project finished or succeed (I cheered when I saw my first Cargo Elevator come up fully loaded with Iron Ore, unloading it all on conveyors towards smelters)+ graphics (may sound odd for a voxel-based game, but on the higher settings it has great lighting effects+ a good intuitive 'rule-system' (the first 5 minutes is a tutorial which shows the very basic controls, but after that you will have to figure out all the rules on your own mostly, unless you want to be handheld the entire process by reading wiki's every 5 minutes. The ingame help encyclopedia (H) gives you just enough information at times, but doesn't give everything away thankfully).- Occasional bugs (I only remember falling through a lift at times, or a lift only going up to 32m instead of 64m, though that was because I was playing the game on low-end pc at the time instead of my regular pc, if I read some comments correctly)- Occasional freeze (mostly when doing multiple Coloured Ore pings too rapidly, probably my processor not being able to handle that though?)- Annoyance of the constant wasp attacks, where at one point I simply stopped building Threat Reducers since they required too much power compared to what they delivered. Besides, the penalty for not killing the wasps was absent, you only lose your command module for a minute which didn't bother me that much, since most of my power came from other devices which were not affected by the Wasp attacks.In short: Fortresscraft Evolved is an amazing game, really. I never played it's predecessor or any other 'Minecraft-clone' as people sometimes refer to these kind of voxel based games. But really, from all the MC vids I have seen, FCE really adds quite a few layers to that formula.It's been a long time since I played a game that has me thinking about it almost the entire day long. 'How am I going to deal with this or that', 'What am I going to do next?', 'What's my next project going to be' are questions that occupy my mind the entire time, even during work or on the train home :D Now, that's the sign of a great game, if you ask me.Apparently I actually bought this game during Early Access phase, but wasn't really impressed at the time (mid 2014). I only tried it out recently and it truly feels finished right now (and yet still it gets regular patches, the developer actively approaches the community for new ideas, etc.)I think the best way to express why this game is so great is through a few examples, instead of writing too generically about it. Basically the entire FCE adventure is a constant chain of small puzzles that need to be solved in order to continue:Last night I had just dug a second shaft towards a Lithium deposit, right next to an older shaft which had a Iron deposit I was already mining and sending upwards using a cargo elevator. These two shafts were only separated by a wall of 1 voxel wide. Within this wall I had also dug a 1x1 voxel wide column downwards to place the Laser Power Transmitters to send power deep into the earth (like the name says: these devices spread your power/electricity to remote places easily). However, this second shaft was right in between the bottom of the first shaft and the horizontal tunnel where I was mining the Iron. In order to keep supplying power to this horizontal tunnel whilst also delivering power downwards into the second shaft I had to fiddle around with batteries and Laser Transmitters in such a way that these devices were not in the path of either elevator shaft, yet still were in sight of the ore excavator at the end of the narrow Iron Ore tunnel. The solutions are often numerous, but each has it's up- and downsides. 'Do I dig an entire new shaft upwards just for these Laser Transmitters?', 'Do I widen the Iron Ore tunnel so I have more space for the batteries/Laser Transmitters to place inside the wall between the two elevator shafts?' or do I simply abandon the project altogether and find a new place to mine Iron.The answer to that last question is almost always: 'NEVER!'. You always want to find a solution, constantly analyzing the situation, figuring out the most efficient and best way to solve the numerous puzzles that you will be facing. And the beauty is: these puzzles are not bound by any hard limits (like most puzzles games, where you have 'levels' that you need to solve to proceed to the next) but they overflow in each other; the solution to one problem brings an entirely new problem with it! Or it might solve multiple problems at once!Also very important to acknowledge: You create your OWN puzzles! Everything you face is your own doing. You were the one that dug this shaft here. You were the one that decided to mine this Iron vein instead of that Iron vein. You were the one that decided to place certain machines too close together so that when you had to expand your base you ran out of room for lack of planning.I could name more and more examples, but I think the above illustrated perfectly the feeling you get when playing this game. You either crave that sensation or you don't (basically if you have a logical, analytical mind you enjoy this game, if not...  stay away :P )."
76561198062185129,Recommended,254200,26443796,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,peter.schneider.127,"Exceptionel. Period. If you like Minecraft (the automation-part of it) and/or Factoria, thats THE game for you. Say good bye to your free time."
76561198027232863,Recommended,254200,26666685,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Steelwind,Great game with plenty to do. you will find yourself constantly upgrading to new systems and managing logistics.
76561198100081622,Recommended,254200,29377795,Posted: 20 January,all,Keeper Decagon,"FortressCraft Evolved is a great game that gets nowhere near as much recognition as it should. Though often compared to other things like Minecraft, FC:E is far removed from the style Minecraft presents and should never be considered in the same vein.You're on an alien planet, for a start, crashlanded after a great big asteroid smashed into the station you were about to dock in. So, where to begin? Well, you start with a Central Power Hub, some simple machines, a fantastically powerful Build Gun (which is upgradeable) with which you can mow down mountains or build massive plateaus with little effort, and you have to find yourself some resources.With the handy Scanner, you must scan the world around you to be able to research new machines, ping for ores, and plunge the dark depths of the grandest caverns you have ever seen to discover new resources further down, beneath the surface.Then comes the automation part of the game, which is arguably the largest part and a great logistical challenge. You'll have to start with simple automation: getting Copper and Tin to your smelter. A few conveyors, a storage hopper or four, and before long you have bars with which to build new items, blocks and machines. Next comes Iron, which is deeper down in the ground. Then Lithium, though this ore is deep enough to attract the voracious Mynocks to your conveyors, which fuel a dark threat hidden in the caverns if they eat stuff off your conveyors. So, after having placed some turrets and provided enough power, you have Lithium safely automated.So, now with plenty of bars to spend on base expansion, what does an accomplished crash survivor like yourself have left to conquer? Worry not, for there are still several hurdles to overcome. Enemies will come to find your base, attracted by the increased energy your base produces as you expand. Vast deadly caverns lying below those precious Lithium veins provide new challenges and environmental dangers. Hiveminds stalk your base, lying in wait for that one block of conveyor not covered in turret fire to plant a Mynock on it.As your base grows, so do the dangers, so there is never a dull moment.That's all I will say, since you really should experience the game for yourself. I have more than 900 hours in this game, and I have enjoyed every one of them. There's nothing quite like putting all your hard work to use in calling a bombardment from orbit to exterminate your enemies. For the price, this game is absolutely worth it!"
76561198076688298,Recommended,254200,29409050,Posted: 21 January,all,CaptainRengav,"I would describe this game as huge, complex, challenging, yet fun and outright addictive.Don't bother about the negative reviews, I think it comes mainly from players who start Fortresscraft expecting to embark on a sweet Minecraft-vanilla clone, which it is not. There is a steep learning curve, but if you can allow yourself a few hours to familiarize and learn your way around the game, you will be rewarded with a great experience.One could more or less compare this to a Minecraft with many technical mods on steroids. It also roughly resembles a 3D Factorio, in the sense that the game involves setting up huge automated assembly lines and logistics networks to provide for energy generation/distribution, ore mining/refining, transportation, research, manufacturing and base defense (nervous local fauna will harass you on a permanent basis).If you love mods like Buildcraft, Industrialcraft, etc., or games like Factorio, I definitely reccomend that you give Fortresscraft Evolved a try."
76561198020532991,Recommended,254200,29473612,Posted: 24 January,all,Lunerbator,100 hours in the game and i feel like i am only scratching the surface. The best way to discribe the game is automated minecraft with base defence elements. would i pay 20 dollars for this game in its current state? Yes! infact i bought this for 2 friends. If this is a work inprogress I am very excited to see the team finish this game! keep the good work up!!!
,Recommended,254200,26467039,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,xXTAR_MIST_25Xx,"FortressCraft Evolved is a very fun game to play. I really like the automation focus of the game and even though the main premise is somewhat cheesy it's actually executed pretty well.Basically, the game starts off where you crash land on a cold planet and you need to survive by finding new resources to upgrade your base so that you can continue to have your marvel-of-technology exosuit powered and therefore keep you warm and happy.I won't go into any more detail, but if you like base-building ad automation games you should give this a try.Don't mind my hours, I play this game offline mostly."
76561198028754012,Recommended,254200,27697707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tree8125,Great game the guy that nade this put alot of hard work and always keeps everyone updated into whats going on in his game
,Recommended,254200,24759358,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TheSilverHammer,"I really like the idea of this game.  It is basically heavily modded minecraft meets factorio.  You are in an open world / sandbox with lots of resources.  You can explore and exploit those resourcs similar in a manner to minecraft.  However, there are enemies which wish to destroy your base, so your resources go to teching up and building defenses.  Id love to see a lot more games like this.  I had a lot of fun, but I didn't finish it.  It does have its problems.The good:It is a wonderful minecraft like game and the designer does a lot of nice things that other games can certainly take a hint from.  For example, you can access any object at any distance as long as you can see it.  IE:  To craft things you do not need to walk to your crafting table, you just have to look at it to use it.  To pull stuff out of a storage system, just look at it, even if you are 60 blocks away, and you can access it.   Then you also get a grappling hook that lets you move around very quickly.  This is an invaluable too.   There are lots of technologies and systems to build.The Bad:The documenation is terrible.  You have to spend research points and you only have a vague idea of what it is you are getting.  You also can research things early on that you can not build for a long time, due to tech requirments.  Also sometimes there are ""packages"" of research items where buying just one item is useless because you will need to buy 2 or 3 others to complete the set.  If you spend too many RP points, you may end up stuck (although ultimatly you can get out of this hole, but it can block you for a while).The tech tree is also just a mess and the organization on the build tab makes little sense.  Often I have to search for the item I want to craft because I have no idea what tab it belongs.The mechanics of how to progress and how to use things are often mysterious.  There is a wiki, but it is often out of date.  You shouldn't have to use an in-game wiki.The ugly:This game is grindy.  The designer just makes things take a rediculous amount of resources in terms of materials, power requirements and crafting time.  A good example of this is some machine that will take animal parts and turn them into some generic part that you can craft items with.  This machine takes a huge amount of power, and takes 5 MINUTES to craft 1 component.  You may need 20 to 80 components to craft some of the items you want.  So for 20, you are looking at 1 hour and 40 minutes.  It gets even worse, it takes 10 raw material to get 1 component.  And gets even worse, that these components will rot unless they are put in yet another setup that is also power hungry that extends their life time.  Its nuts.That is just one example, there are others, like the 100 MILLION units of power needed to charge a certain object, that you need to do 4x.  With several stacks of turbine generators, it can still take like 4 hours per charge.  This isn't fun, its boring.  Many of the crafting recipies just require rediculous amounts of material for no good reason.Summary:For the price, the game is a great deal.  I had a lot of fun with it until the grind killed me.  Maybe Ill check it out again in 6 months to a year."
76561198035667751,Recommended,254200,25561236,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,darksand22,this game reminds me more of factorio  than minecraft i like the idea of factory building ans designing and the challenges that come with organization its a great game if your a fan of factorio and minecraft but this game shouldnt be compared to both of those games instead it should be enjoyed as its own seperate entity
,Recommended,254200,25734440,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mutant,"frustrating, but excellent basebuilding/mining game. You have to put serious time into this game though. There are some absolutely frustrating things, like suddenly your conveyers stop conveying, there's no repair, they just.. quit. No explantion. So then you have to figure out how you want to ascend/descend 70 vertical cubes to fix the belts you don't know why they stopped.The enemy progression seems pretty reasonable. There's an underground/air conflict component to it as well. I spend few hours in the evening playing, and enjoy mining and factory making. I get pretty frustrated that there's not a great path to getting more production up earlier in the game. You spend A LOT of time running around to a sinlge smelter waiting to get your bars. You can't make a decent smelter till much later in the game. Ramp up is a *CHORE*.All in all though this game is a lot of fun, especially if you enjoy Rimworld or Factorio."
,Recommended,254200,27750639,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PizzaPowardGaming,i mainly recommend this games in the hope of the future. while the game is pretty amazing it lacks in many ways from other games like it...the biggest being that a lot of the information for this game and its items are just non existant...HOWEVER...i forgive this because its a fairly small game over all...if you have the chance [especially if its on sale] i would say give it a whirl. especially if you like minecraft or terraria or other games like it.
76561197969427267,Recommended,254200,28012692,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NinjaUnit,"One of my favorite games on steam. Factorio meets minecraft. Yes, there is some grindy bits, but I always find myself coming back. Funnest with friends, so you can split work tasks and such. Fantastic game"
76561198073921341,Recommended,254200,28093647,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Forgotten Aeon,"A surprisingly solid and fun game! Reccomend, but really hoping they fix some of the multiplayer stability issues."
76561198252533206,Recommended,254200,28151607,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kaytsuk,"I recemmend this to any survivalist and simulation amateur. Incredibly fun game. Challenging and very wel thought of. This is a game you play if you get a kick out of automation!The game is still ""Under construction"" but there is much to learn and get a hang of. so there is no harm done by starting now. I have put 300+ and still havent reached end game ;) have fun! great buy"
76561198191849227,Recommended,254200,29213876,Posted: 12 January,all,Kleadron,"This game is like the perfect mix of tower defense and voxel building! You can do so many things with this game, the one developer (yes, one) works hard and pushes large updates out about every month. From jet engines, to massive smelteries, its basicaly 3d factorio, even though FC came before factorio. I recomend you give this game a try and see how addicting it is. if you like factorio or modded minecraft,  this is the game for you."
76561198055006009,Recommended,254200,31989183,Posted: 26 May,all,r313pp,"Best crafting game for me. If you not in building mechanisms, don't buy this game."
76561198135112478,Recommended,254200,25795533,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,orio slinger,"this is one of the best games i will come across, for those people that say that its a complete rip off of minecraft they are wrong! this game adds the usual minecraft game while also allowing for making some of the best mining operations in the world ( in which I must add is that you can do that in the regular minecraft ) and what I think I is that Djarcas ( if I got that wrong sorry) is making this game completly on his own ( if he isnt well i also credit the people that work with him too ). and the thing that I love is that Djarcas keeps track and talks to the players of the game and keeps them up to date, you would not believe the amount of games i have seen that have died because the developers didnt interact with there community. all in all i would give this game a 9.98/10 (the .2 is counting for the bugs) if your looking for games like this I suggest you get this one first."
,Recommended,254200,26257992,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,flux.faraday,"This is a first person mining/building/automation/defence game.  There is a lot to see and do, and plenty of replay because you didn't do it quite right the first time.  Or the second.  Or...  The base game is a complete experience that will take most people more than 100 hours to complete.  The Frozen Factory expansion introduces a new ""big bad"" that requires a completely different approach to defeat, and a lot more time.  Have fun, build big, automate!"
76561198155413701,Recommended,254200,28480302,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Turnovus,"FortressCraft Evolved is a game that takes place in the distant future. You start out ina cinematic event, in which you haplessly attempt to dock your personal spaceship into a space station, only to be ejected by a meteor impact, and to crash ona terrible, freezing planet. At first progression is slow. You will likely need to cling to your Central Power Hub (CPH) to power your suit, or suffer a hypothermic death. Before long, you will likely set up automated means of collecting ores and smelting them into bars. There is a ladder to progression in the sense that you must set up automated mines for new tiers of ores, set up logistics to get the ore back to the base, create machines to assemble devices, and eventually upgrade you suit to go deeper and discover newer ores. However, spread out across the planet, are creatures called hiveminds. They are encased in a thick, resinous shell that can only be destroyed with high-tier explosives/machinary. After a while, the hiveminds will become a problem, as they will spawn 'mynoks' (cis) on top of your conveyer belts, which will eat passing materials. This causes the hivemind's shell to grow, until it reaches/destroys your CPH. As well as that, there are swarms of wasps that will attack your base on the surface, and will attempt to shoot acid at your CPH to destroy it. The penalties of the CPH's destruction vary from losing the CPH's power to losing the game, depending on the world's difficulty setting. There are, however, a few ways to stop this:Using your space-aged ray-gun, powered by your suitSetting up automated turrets, powered by power cellsSetting up an ARTHER turret, a simple turret powered by power cells and controlled by your companion drone, ARTHERCharging/Arming the giant spider robot that patrols your base (this only works for surface attacks)Anyway, that's about the gist of this game. If you decide to give it a try, then have fun, good luck, and happy digging!"
76561198083818163,Recommended,254200,28614043,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,h-one,Interesting take on the minecraft clone genre.  I probably need a more power rig as my current best settings has the horizon regenerating at about a 50 block radius.  But positive so far.
76561198033390696,Recommended,254200,28918480,Posted: 1 January,all,Police man,"Fun game, lan partys with my friends = slave labor!"
76561198006446555,Recommended,254200,29393467,Posted: 21 January,all,Hellion,This game is fantastic! I have not been so absorbed in a game since Civ5. and no crashes!
,Recommended,254200,29451107,Posted: 23 January,all,annihilan,"One of the best and most in depth voxel based games, great devs and great community"
,Recommended,254200,29457597,Posted: 24 January,all,Arc,"Ignore the nay sayers! Utterally brilliant, this dev has done a proper job of a brilliant voxel world with a totally mind boggleing tech tree and unlike most other voxel games this one has NEVER given me motion sickness!!!I have nothing but praise for this dev."
76561198062962411,Recommended,254200,29816598,Posted: 9 February,all,mattkeogh,"To anyone who isn't sure about this game it's like a 3D Factorio, However this is only a comparison to understand the gameplay and not a comparison of quality or content. If this next sentence is a pun please pardon it. The fact Fortress Craft is 3d adds so much more depth to the game. I will warn you, this game is difficult to begin with but new ""missions"" guide you through the basics without actually feeling like someone is holding your hand. In my personal experience I tried to play this game and honestly I got stuck and frustrated I was trying to be reserved instead I should think big.Your save file can be created with a special mode that enables gameplay to go by a bit quicker, but even still the complexity of this game allows for so much time to be spent. Sometimes you might think, ""Is the end"",  ""have a I finished it"" and I can promise you that you'll probably stumble upon something that unlocks a whole new chapter of gameplay.I personally think it is well worth the money and as a side note the Dev are brilliant a few times I've posted on their forums about ingame queries and about 90% of those posts get a response from a Dev. The dev are always releasing bug fixes that have been brought to their attention from the players.This game is fantastic as it is but I can't wait to see what wonderous things happen in the future. Move over Minecraft FTB."
76561198112518631,Recommended,254200,35190357,Posted: 24 September,all,☠Jack The Ripper☠,"Very Good Game, Challenging Trying To Gather Ore, Defending Against HiveMind's Is Fun."
,Recommended,254200,19293448,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Xzese,I think this game is good enough to get a review. :)
,Recommended,254200,19295481,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ible,Fun game.Worth my time.Worth my money.
76561197989054620,Recommended,254200,20511494,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Polar Bear [NL],"This is one of the best games around, much better then minecraft.The support of this game is great, DjArcas is often streaming and then you can see him working and bugfixxing the game live. Never seen this for any other game.So buy the game, it will be no misbuy."
,Recommended,254200,20530861,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mercury,"While this game is very slow to progress in, I can't stop coming back to it. The work that I have to put into the game makes it very rewarding when I finally get a project finished. Would recommend the game if you like the technological aspects of Minecraft mods like Buildcraft and such.Now back to my ore smeltery..."
,Recommended,254200,13415668,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Abby,"I am so into this game! I've spent hundreds and hundreds of hours on Minecraft and I really wanted a game like it, and Fortresscraft Evolved brings a fresh dynamic to a play-style I already loved. It's a lot of fun to find and set up the ore sites and play around with machines and conveyor belts and lifts and funny robots. I'm excited to see the future content for crafting 'detail blocks' etc. I'd love to explore different environments and gather a greater variety of resources from them, such as types of wood, so I can pretty-up the areas that aren't industrial. I'd enjoy more enemies and friendly robots. I just can't wait to see more content and I can tell I'll be living in this game for quite a while!"
76561198074232603,Recommended,254200,15011854,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Heistenduck,"Great game now they have improved it and given it a tutorial, it's like minecraft and factorio. It's a great game and enjoyed it alot"
76561198029692643,Recommended,254200,18285273,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,MarSiq,"One of the best minecraft style games I`ve played. You guys that only have played the game for less than 1 hour, should give yourselves more time and play a little more. You`ll find out many nice stuffs to discover in it, and in the end you`ll become addicted. It Worths every penny."
76561197981743457,Recommended,254200,20186807,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Seterwind,"This game is not finished, by a long shot. However it has all the features it states, and it all works with little to no bugs. More importantly, if you like minecraft like exploration, with the challenge of building a factory, then this will be fun for you."
,Recommended,254200,20190194,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crazy ManMan,Quite a bit of fun and holds much potential. For an earily access it also runs really well.
,Recommended,254200,24032559,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[HS] jonnyboy3581,"Normally I can't be bothered to write a review for a product but this developer has pushed my buttons.Only buy this if you are going to play exactly the way the dev wants you to otherwise he will take what you want to do awayThe game is good, no arguement there or it was good. Now the developer continues to push his agenda of forcing people to play the game the way it was ""designed"". The 150 ore limit is my breaking point. Sometimes I like to wait to do the automation because I'm working on another project that required that I use x material that I just found. I am much more interested in getting that project working. That is wrong. I should be automating extraction first according to the dev.Bad news man Creative Intent ends as soon as you let someone else touch the thing. Let me know where the inventory controls are in the source files and I will be happy to change my mind but I dont like being told how to play. I will get around to automating but on my schedule not on the size of my inventory. It is a dumb change to make this long after the game has been release. This is only the change that set me off. There have been uncountable numbers of changes that accomplish exactly the same goal.Edit:As promised Someone provided me with the answers that I wanted which is a work around. Still annoyed that I have to work around the developer but as long as that is an option I won't knock the game. Still fun."
76561197988824648,Recommended,254200,8172796,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,"Cilex^^,",I must say this is minecraft with the little extra you need.No more waiting for mods to upgrade to your version!
,Recommended,254200,12468107,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,=7Cav=WO1.Ward.B,"Edited 11/04/2015Since my last review game has been well optimised, not perfect but much,much better.  Dev does communicate and appears happy to help and answer any questions you may have. Good alternative to minecraft if you dont have the system to run all those cpu/ram heavy tech mods. Still work to be done, but right now very playable. Will be following this closely over the course of its development.7/10"
76561198143579362,Recommended,254200,13173222,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kraft51,"so after a hiatus from FCE i've managed to rack up another 25 hours in the last 3 days, suffice it to say this game has improved signifigantly since i last played (around the time my first review was written)my previous review was full of candor, i was only trying to point some the holes in the progression.i would like to add, for anyone who had read my previous review ... i went into the game expecting a different game experience and it relfected that disappointment in my review.in any case i was happily surprised when i started up a new world again. before the game was simply too easy, 1 million+ piece ore veins and no hostile mobs were my biggest issues. the tech tree progression is a lot smoother now and makes more sense.Pros:-extensive tech tree progression ( lots of new higher tier machines)-survival is more apparent now-unique mobs-early game progression is much more balanced-more building blocks added (windows and a few others)-very few bugs/glitches ... reletively polished-new base defense system .. awesome :)Cons:-still some unfinished UI elements, nothing gamebreaking-no penalty for death-still no compass or map feature of any kind  .. lost your base? easy, dieing is the fastest way to find your base :)-the giant Spider bot like to step all over you a lot :P (doesn't affect gameplay but is annoying when trying to see something its standing on lol)now knowing what to expect from FCE has been a better experience for myself, so if you resource/power management and logistics and really strange mobs trying to hinder your progess constantly then grab this game.side note: the Developer seems to be a lone wolf on this game so dont' expect a lot of new content to be added on a schedule like other games. updates a little slower for this game but the dev is working his tail off to produce this game :)"
76561198037647664,Recommended,254200,13382697,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sir Sniper Mctwisp,"Wow this game is like minecraft with mods, but no this game is something special and more. This game has alot of potential, in terms of the future overall a great game! Looking forward to the future of this games development! 10/10 ++;"
76561198118162570,Recommended,254200,20127216,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,XenyHazard³,Super awesome game
,Recommended,254200,16313195,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Moth Man,"It's very complex. In survival it has a tutorial that you have to read and it takes so long to read it that you are dead by the time your done.Edit: Alright, I did that review while there wasn't many features. I now disagree with my own comment. This game has become a very awesome game."
,Recommended,254200,28243020,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Goodie,its a good game
,Recommended,254200,19228010,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Taking your lmao to the movies,Base was above ground 10/10 would buy again
76561198040273245,Recommended,254200,30995080,Posted: 7 April,all,Trikke,"I tried to play it two times, controls can only be set before the game starts...No idea what i'm suppose to do. I don't like it.... Then i watched some youtube, found the tutorial in the game and figured out wat to do, it's something like factorio ... that i like.Bad points for controls off game and there is no option to disable ambiant sound only the master sound level."
,Recommended,254200,31497439,Posted: 1 May,all,King Sans,"So I've had Fortresscraft Evolved for a while now and finally decided to write a review. Overall I think FortressCraft Evovled is a great game for people who have the time to sit down for a few hours and play. It combines the addicting factors of base building games with three dimensional mechanics. However that doesn't mean the game is without fault. I wouldn't reccomend playing on a mac as the overall quality of the game decreases. If you are looking for a fast paced game or one that you could sit down for 10 minutes a day and play then this is not your game. In my personal opinion the early game is very tedious until you set up copper and tin automation and even then its still a lot of finding ores, scanning, doing research, etc. Overall, if you are looking for a faster pace game with minimal grinding then this is not for you, however if you are looking for an indepth base building and automation game where there is no best way to do it you found your game."
,Not Recommended,254200,13986008,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,dispereo,"When I first read the game description I got quite excited as I thought of it as a Minecraft in a more futuristic environment. I've been playing for a few hours now and I find it rather frustrating. Mainly because some of the features just don't make sense and are not well explained and the worst of all: survival you're basically locked to just one world, it's NONSTOP snowy and windy and all you actually hear is the generator's humming and the wind blowing. So not only does the frustration add up, it's basically also very frustrating.I made the mistake and got my brother a license as well as multiplayer was announced and again... was very disappointed as many features were not included and to date I have not managed to actually get a server running and even if I managed, it basically would only be a creative server. No thanks.It doesn't help that the EarlyAccess information box targets a release towards the end of 2014. It's 2015 now and still far away from release. Worse: if you follow the dev's twitter (or twitch) account, you can actually follow him streaming other games. I think I stopped following him after he started playing the borderlands pre-sequel and even gloated about how much he played and streamed recently... at the time mostly borderlands. I wonder at what stage he actually tries to finish the game, rather than playing and streaming other games but his own. Obviously not much, otherwise the game probably would have been finished before the end of 2014 as promised. And I will not go into all the whining he does on Twitch and Twitter how bad money making is via steam and that he could do with a bit more games being sold etc...So far, I cannot recommend this game at all if you're interested in the survival part. I cannot talk about the creative part, but then again - it says it's survival... and as that part is certainly by far not close to be finished or any good for that matter.- world setup basically non-existant (other than free name choice)- world setup features that are in with placeholders restrict to things like difficulty, and I think the amount of resources- world setup cannot change the world you're landing on, or the weather, so you'll forever be stuck with annoying nonstop wind sounds... snow... cold... and wind... and snow... and wind... if you don't die of hypothermia, you'll either die real-life of boredom or the after-math of a depression- it's nice that conveyor-belts etc. are being big announced in the screenschots but what's the point if it doesn't explain how the system works (and that's a big downer in general... many features have no explanation, i.e. research, what gives points, why would you scan things, what's the point... etc.) and for some of the resources I ran back and forth (very repetitive) for an hour and only had enough resources for one item, far away from any automatism... I wonder how some other players managed that.Anyway, the game has been released December 10th in 2013. It's January 2015 and game is still in EarlyAccess.That should answer if you really want to buy this game or not. If you don't believe me, feel free to follow his twitch and twitter accounts. I unfollowed the dev on all platforms shortly after his borderlands streaming, if I could, I would have requested my money back at that point."
,Not Recommended,254200,9968267,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,alrecenk,"This review is about version 1.8.  I would normally change it as the game improved, but I'm not going to because the developers swarm anyone who posts a negative review. You should avoid buying this game just because it's made by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who try to shut down any criticism with ad hominem attacks. You're not missing anything anyway. Game's pretty crappy.Original review:Survival game is essentially unplayable in it's current state. Multiple menus don't work, large ""under construction"" images appear in critical places, like say THE INVENTORY. You have to stand exactly 2.5 blocks away from torches or you die. To place a dirt block you have to first find it in a list of 150 items. Critical functions are hidden in multi key commands . Want to progress at all? Better hit alt-M to locate minerals, had to dig that one out of an online guide, along with everything else because the game options menu doesn't even work enough to look at the controls.It's an early access game. I get that. What I'm saying may not apply in a few months, but for now, version 1.8, that survivial trailer on the steam page is misleading at best, an outright fabrication at worst. Steer clear."
76561198010325833,Not Recommended,254200,25941922,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Xanderhed,"I really wanted to like this game. The grapple mechanic is really cool, so are the glowsticks, the hiveminds are huge and imposing, and it runs pretty well. But there are multiple design decisions that are very annoying, and I found myself asking ""why?!"" much more often than any game since the n64 days.Here are some of the thoughts I had in the first couple hours:Is it day out? All the fog and excessive shadows are making it really hard to see stuff. Maybe I can change the gamma in the settings. I can't? That's annoying, I'll just turn off the shadows. Okay... nothing changed, that's annoying.Wow, that's a deep hole. Maybe I can find some or down there. Wait, why did it suddenly get so dark? I could see everything when I was looking down, and I can still see the lit sky above me. That's annoying.Good god! What the hell is that damned noise? Oh, it means there's a crystal nearby. I don't need those yet, so I'll just turn down that sound. Oh I can't... that's annoying.Okay, I have some ore extractors set up with automated power delivery. I should automate smelting next. Oh, I can't make  a smelter without some research. It's annoying that I need to do research for something so basic. Fine, i'll move my starting smelter so I don't need to wste time carting resources. I can't? That's annoying.Well, if I can't bring my smelter to the ore, I'll bring ore to the smelter. Wow, the conveyor belts are pretty expensive in terms of resources AND time because of the lack of smelters. I'm going to need a lot of these too. This is pretty annoying.Oh cool, lifts are much better for getting in/out of my iron and lithium mine than the grapple. Oh shoot, I can't actually get the lift shaft all the way down because there's an errant coal vein in the way that I can't remove. That's really annoying.Geez, I finally found enough of this obscure resource that I can't scan for to make smelters for all the starting materials. I finally can begin sutomating something interesting. How long has it been? 4 hours... huh... I don't feel like I've completed very much. That's annoying...Do you see the pattern here?"
,Recommended,254200,13284916,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Cloudybay,"This game may be in alpha but this game is fun in survival mode, At this stage this game is good for people OCD in building a fully automated mining base. And it was just pure fun.There are flaws and glitches but can be neglected at this stage.Was playing at bleeding edge(latest development update), a lot has improved since my last review."
76561198035007905,Not Recommended,254200,16102946,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Icarus,"Had the potential to be a pretty good game.Cool technology to gather resources, but that's about it.Has lots of bugs and developer seems to have given up on it. Last two patches I haven't seen any of the bugs I encountered disappear, Seems as though none of the changes actually took place mentioned in the changelog.Had this game for about a year and only seen the 1 update. Disappointed cause I bought multiple copies for friends when it came out.  Would not recommend it."
76561198120257064,Not Recommended,254200,30645916,Posted: 20 March,all,METAL.ORG.E,"This is a game that definitely pertains to creating a factory out of the world, and it's a great idea. The environment is nice and it gives a basic tutorial on how things work. However, for all of the advanced information on how everything comes together to become a complex automatic system, you're mostly on your own. I usually like to do everything personally, and this just doesn't work for me; it ALL depends on your machines to do the dirty work for you.I won't simply smack it down for others. As a matter of fact, it's a great game for industrialistic people who want to create an advanced system that works effectively. But if you are patient, and you aren't a fan of these types of mechanics, then I would say it's best to look elsewhere."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,254200,13778242,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SugarySnax,"Boring, complicated and sad. Like throwing your money into a fire but with the additional torture of knowing that your money is going to someone that doesn't deserve it.  3/10"
,Not Recommended,254200,9634703,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,arcane.supernova,"I have mixed feelings about FortressCraft. Granted it is still in development so I'm going to forgive a lot of things, but anyhow.This is by all accounts a MineCraft copycat with a few extra features. The graphics aren't nearly as pixelated as minecraft but most of the blocks 'glisten'. though one good feature is the fact that I can copy and paste structures to quickly create buildings and landscapes and the number of block types is also really nice. controls are a bit unresponsive and result in a lot of misplaced blocks. there is also a seemingly infinite range for placing/removing blocks which, while at sometimes is really nice, is actually quite frustrating when you accidentally delete a block on the otherside of your building and have to trudge all the way over there to place it again. FortressCraft Evolved has a lot of potential to be better than MineCraft but at the moment I recomend sticking with MineCraft."
,Not Recommended,254200,9989219,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,DocLazy,"Short version:FortressCraft is basically a Minecraft + tech mod clone, minus Minecraft's charm. With a side of difficuilt and awkward to use interface. Plus an extra helping of bugs (even for early access). Not recommended.Longer version:On startup Fortresscraft greets you with possibly the most detailed and intricate menu ever. This turned out to be a bad omen though as it's also possibly the most difficuilt to use menu ever. Difficuilt to the point of needing a tutorial to navigate. However after much random mouse button mashing I managed to overcome this hurdle and start a new survival world. Alas, I was one of the lucky few. We should spare a moment of thought for all those poor souls who failed to navigate the main menu, and instead flocked to Steam's forum for a solution... on how to use the main menu.Once the world had loaded and the ringing in my ears caused by the really LOUD crashing ship passed I came to another hurdle, the help screen. I quickly browsed over the help text and tried taking in as many hotkeys as I could. There are a number of them as the only way to select a tool is with a hotkey. Which you can't rebind.After skimming the help screen I tried to close it by pressing escape, nothing. Tried clicking on stuff, nothing. Only after rolling my face across the keyboard, not once, but twice! Was I finally rid of the cursed help screen. (edit: The escape key sort of works in the latest version)With arch-villan help screen defeated I was finally able to take in the world, the very bland world. This is where the clone shows through. Even the block's textures have that familiar MInecraft look, albeit high resolution. All other voxel games have moved away from cubes into their own form of voxels, and all of those new voxel games feel nice and fresh.  So coming back to a cube game can feel a bit underwhelming. Made worse by a world that has nothing going on. It's just snow and the occassional tree. Totally lacking in features that convince you this is an alien world.The actual game, in it's current state, is centered around building an automated mining network similar to many Minecraft tech mods where you have mining machines that feed a conveyor of some sort. You then need a power network to run those machines etc.  So far the stuff in game is similar to stuff I've seen in mods. Which isn't a bad thing. Expanding on these ideas could lead to somewhere interesting. But.And it's a big but. This game has a lot strange design features that either take away player agency or are there to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Like the decision to go against the convention of every other game in this genre, and reverse the block breaking and block placing mouse buttons. Those buttons are so ingrained now that I'm constantly wrecking my machines or digging holes when I meant to place a machine, infuriating. Then there is the bizarre inventory mechanic where you can't choose what you put into a machine. The game decides for you and it's pretty much always the wrong choice. So you have to wait around for the machine to finish then hope it chooses the correct material next go around.Finally the inventory or lack of. The inventory is just for show it lets you know how much of each block you are carrying and that's it. Since it's non-interactive you can't organise it or anything you can usually do with an inventory. The only thing it lets you do is spew blocks everywhere via another hotkey. A number of those blocks will often get lost because of physics bugs. Spewing is the only way to get stuff from your inventory into a storage container. The problem being another container in the vicinity will suck up your block spew. Meaning you need to empty that container then try again. As you imagine can this becomes a real chore, real quick."
76561198010962631,Not Recommended,254200,34062256,Posted: 6 August,all,Omegas Light Spire,"Unfortuantely I'm not going to be able to say much as to playing the game as I've run into a problem with the game I'm waiting to see if I'll ever be able to solve.  So for me at the moment not very playable not recommended simple as that.  If I can fix the problem... I'll change this recommendation.(Problem is I've forced the Fortresscraft.exe, the FC_64.exe, and steam.exe to all use the NVIDIA processor and for some reason, on this game only by and by, overrides this and still uses the intel graphics processor which causes the game to only partially render.)"
,Not Recommended,254200,31023018,Posted: 8 April,all,Luingar MacWolf,"Game is unnessicarily complicated and slow (Example is additionar ore smelting requiring a rarely-generated rock block), there's a variety of better options (Factorio, minecraft with a mod package such as Feed the beast, ect), The enemies are overly simplistic and annoying. (as in, not challenging, just frusterating.)  and the dev is unprofessional and repelling. don't support the game, don't support the. dev.PS: I want a refund."
76561198079711255,Not Recommended,254200,10647458,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MASS,"What a joke. Bought this game for $3 and deeply regret my purchase.The movement and mouse acceleration make this game unplayable. Ordinary things like mining, block placement, construction seem very hard to execute. Building a house is such a frustrating thing that makes you rage quit.Also the distance view algorithm is a weird one. As the world spawns around you, its made in this weird animation thingy that looks like blocks falling from the sky. At first I didn't know what it is, it seemed like a glitch or something. Anyway the problem is that this paralax effect induces nausea for people with motion sickness. After 30 minutes or playtime I felt so sick that I had to stop playing and have no incentive to play this ever again.The Ideea seems good but the execution is terrible. I do not recomend this game.My rating: 2/10"
76561198242183000,Recommended,254200,26098704,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dermit,A great game for anyone who likes to build big things to make bigger things in order to eventually build a thing that is really big. A+++
,Recommended,254200,12304933,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Kosmosis,"If any game needs a wiki it's FortressCraft Evolved! This game seems to have so much potential and it's still in the early development stages. It's highly playable, even with the occasional bug or world glitch here and there.  I've played a good three hours and still have yet to explore this games full potential in it's current state. There's just so much to do!If I had to pick one thing that bugs me a bit it's the asthetic to the game. It doesn't look the best. There are some odd colours and a number of the machines look a bit too quirky. Hopefully they will do some remodels and re-textures to make the machines and lands look more consistent with themselves. I'm sure the devs will!All in all, if you like sandbox/survival games and you're looking to make sweet fortresses with working lifts that take you down into the depths of your world and much MUCH more, buy it. BUY IT NOW!Love it."
76561198127849999,Recommended,254200,13377008,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kai_Kamakasi,"where do i eve start? first the good points, it's basically miecraft with a built in tekkit mod, which i find to be amazing and if not better than both minecraft and the tekkit mod itself, why you ask? let me explain, FCE literally has infinite worlds, with no block height either, leaving the possibility to build things on a scale previously never seen in a voxel type game, there is a complete method to automate everything, which if like me you hate spending continuous hours digging and mining, is perfect, ad using tekkit as my example here, unlike tekkit where nothing is really self explanetary and you spend longer looking at a wiki page finding exactly what you need to build what in terms of resource and machine's, this gives you the basics, collect ore, smelt and craft and thats it, sure it's a pain locating said ore, but heh you get that in minecraft, the difference is i find an ore vien in MC and i get 10 ore from it, here you can get hundreds of thousands of ore before it is depleted thats a win. another plus is the fact it runs on unity... unity is great, it really is and it plays wonderfully on my low end laptop without any lag spikes, bugs or glitches, which is brilliant.now, the bad points, (yes i understand it is early access and things take time) while there is a survival mode, there is nothing survival about it other than you can freeze to death which sure, is a cool mechanic, but easily avoidable, the ingame 'guide' feel's to be lacking in information, like whats the little icon next to the lamp icon? and what is the secondary battery? things like that could use some further explination, some of the textures are a little low quality and seem 'cheap' like basic model designs, the tool for example, the animation makes the whole think look like all the parts are just hovering there and aren't really connected to each other, but thats not exactly game breaking.summery: basically this is a great game, while it lacks the features other games provide with mods, this has everything as stock, it runs brilliantly on even low end machines and i can only imagine what it loks like on a top end rig, as it is early access there are still plenty of things that can be improved on and added, which given how much i feel i get for this game paid £1.49 during a sale, is great, would i pay full price for this? as it stands sadly no i wouldnt, when more is added? certainly, at the time of review i have spent 8.2 hours game time having purchased it only two days ago, 10/10 will recommend"
,Recommended,254200,14554419,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,P90 Legend 27,"So, i wanted to talk about this game and give it a good review.why? becouse at the beggining i just bought this game becouse it was on sale, then after some hours of gameplay i realized i had bought an amazing game and started to tell about it to my friends.if you are reading this becouse you are not sure if you should buy the game, then buy it!im sure that you will have lots of fun with this game.at first you will be confused, but after reading some guides you will start having lots of fun!"
,Not Recommended,254200,13870441,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Frozen Saint,"Minecraft Clone, Check... Vast World, Check... Different Modes, Check... You can control the Weather with a stick and make it rain meteorites! AWSOME.The game is a minecraft clone and if you don't like minecraft, this is not the game for you. I do like their twist on crash landing (if the map loads, otherwise you see it come in and just keeps going), and a manufacturing system, with machines and self storage.7/10I do recommend this game, but wait until early access is out so they can fix the bugs.Recommendation is based on current state not finished, will rewrite review once out of early access."
,Not Recommended,254200,13862749,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,florus2901,"I write this Review because of the especially bad reactions of the developers, the game itself has possibilities (after many improvements).I suspect that the developers really do not know who their customers are and this is actually very important thing in gaming, you depends on them. I see this because of some of your responses towards negative reactions and to normal questions, many of these reactions are quite bluntly and in most cases when you get a reaction like that in a store you walk to the next store.And who are your clients ?? ..... I a gamer and beside me hundreds of other gamers. We have not always right but we do have when it comes to our game experiences. Besides, we are not your enemy but an ally (as gamers we want to help you), but we take care of our own brothers (fellow gamers) protects for mistakes we have experiance our selfs.Last week began Fortress Craft Evolved again, because i got new information and I went deeper into the game. Because when I bought the game a year ago, the game was a disappointed for me and I marked it as not playable - Creative mode was boring for me and i didenn't have a goal and i didden't know there was a survival mode back then.Now I'm starting over again (I discovered the survival mode) and I try to find some reading matirial on the game, but there where nearly none (there are a number YourTubers). Unfortunately, that is because there is no community behind the game.How come there is no community? Then I come back to my beginning, by the failt of communication from you as developers, what result is that gamers have no connection with the game and walk away. Why should I as a gamer take part of a community when the developer think they are better than me?I also know quite annoing to read bad things of your game, it's your baby, I also know that a bad reaction can hit hard and that the first reaction is to hit hard back in respond to it, but usually that is wrong. I would recommend writing a response, wait a day, after reading your responce like you  get the as customer get the response, throw your reaction away and write a respones you as your customer would like to get. It is all about your customers not about you as a developer/person. Every reaction you get is not an attack on you (exept this one), every reaction is there to make your baby better.Give customers love you and they give love back but give them hate you get hate back.I also promise to them when I notice that you as developers improve your behavior, my opinion (like many others) wil chance to the better. Because we as gamers want the best game as posable game and a few even better developers, but like the game you are not at your full potential and i feel i have to call you on your bad habbits."
76561198128271576,Not Recommended,254200,16295467,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Comrade Freeze,"Horrible waste of money! the game is way to confusing and hard to get used to, needs like 20 hours of devotion to get anything done! just horrible in general and a waste of money, honestly I want a refund!!!"
,Recommended,254200,12331162,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Someguysname,This is a fantastic alternative to those who don't want to mod minecraft but want a futuristic experience.
,Recommended,254200,12212813,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gavardo,"Absolutely great game, it adds that level of difficuly of having to watch you temp and oxygen."
,Recommended,254200,12248845,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rill of death,"Only played for a bit, and i already like it. Though i played alot of minecraft. This games pushes that concept way further.I actuly met Adam Sawkins him self, whitout knowing this creation is his.Hmmmmm i should get the oculus rift and try this baby whit it."
,Recommended,254200,31449400,Posted: 29 April,all,☆VG☆ InterstellarTurtle,GREAT GAME FOR BEING IN BETA
76561198053684852,Recommended,254200,13068163,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dragon0p,"very fun, time consuming and a little frustrating in a good way."
,Recommended,254200,13328125,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,NikitaNGR,"Very good minecraft clone, in interesting setting, many opportunities already in alpha-version, much more is coming ahead!"
76561198173897043,Recommended,254200,14941173,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,timepower582,Nobody really reads reviews but i like this game so..... dingle dongle flippidy do tippi tappi to tah JELLY!
,Recommended,254200,11351846,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,~Let It Snow~,"Okay nice game, but... too hard to play/control/function... you know what I mean. A nice non user friendly game."
,Recommended,254200,26252642,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Anti-Mage,"It's like all the tech mods for minecraft, but better."
76561198180239529,Recommended,254200,30898063,Posted: 2 April,all,Mowgli,"havent played it for to long but its good fun, the slugs get a bit in your face though :)"
76561198035393310,Recommended,254200,28026290,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fragmagnet,Its Factorio in 3D
76561198011719462,Recommended,254200,13267894,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Alien51,"that thing is just creazy , some how i can not stop collecting ores, it really doesnt matter what kind.ist really funny but i must say that i have crafted some machines which i dont really use like the turbine, i dont see why i need it."
76561198165522481,Recommended,254200,17310053,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,reddragonfighter56,its good  but if u dont have a good computer dont buy it
76561198062398778,Recommended,254200,18264840,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Llama,It's ok...
,Recommended,254200,23443544,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Truthowl,"The game can be fun. Especially at first. But be careful as it can be a money pit. If you want access to some of the content, you have to become a Patreon subscriber.Edited:I have revised my review since it appears some things have changed. In my defence, I have not played in a while and the last time I had checked the history page it was showing things like this:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAs with every day, come join me in my office.https://www.twitch.tv/djarcasPatch in 4 days.Share:Apr 18Just under 2 weeks until Patch 7 is readyCommunity Announcements - DjArcasIf you're interested in seeing what's coming, and giving feedback, head over to here:https://www.twitch.tv/djarcasAnd read what's already been implemented over here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/254200/discussions/0/371918937259594309/Share:Apr 13Did you know....Community Announcements - DjArcas...that the dedicated server has been out and available for about 5 months now! Just look inside your installation folder for 'dedicated server' - if you want to be all neat, copy that folder somewhere, and then just run the batch file on your server!Other useful links people seem to miss! ;-)https://www.twitch.tv/djarcashttps://twitter.com/fortress_crafthttps://www.patreon.com/fortresscraftFor what looked like well over a dozen patches...But as I went to get this information to back up my review, for your 'Are you joking?' question, I noticed you've posted about 'defecting from Twitch'. I'm glad you have. However, you were in the habit of simply posting a single paragraph followed by a link. If I (We) wanted to know more we had to follow the link and/or search for the patch info on our own. Yes, I know. It's not very difficult to do so. Especially if your game is the only one I care about. It'd likely take me 2-5 minutes to locate a change log. It gets rather annoying when you have a dozen, or even hundreds of titles in your library. And frankly, I'm getting more and more tired of hunting such info down. I've uninstalled many that either do not patch very often, or patch but don't inform their fans what they're installing on their systems.Maybe some things have changed. Or rather, obviously some things have changed. Or one thing? Never mind, I'll change my review. The reason for the review was because i was uninstalling several games. I considered uninstalling Fortresscraft, then noticed I still hadn't written a review of it even though I've had it for well over a year. Maybe over 2 yrs. And what I wrote is what I remembered about the game."
,Recommended,254200,13606478,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,/FSnC\ Forte ∅,"I'm going to preface this review with this short statement: I ""recommend"" this game because I think not recommending it is too harsh. Read on if that confuses you.I've played a lot more Minecraft in my time than I'm prepared to discuss. There's a lot wrong with that game, and FortressCraft Evolved seems to be on the right path to fixing it. I've always found creative mode in Minecraft to be dull - for me, there needs to be the chance of failure/death, no matter how slight.  I've always hated the amount of time that goes to waste just trying to mine blocks in Survival, though, and FortressCraft has taken a great direction mixing the two. I don't really appreciate that the only way you can die is freezing to death... I know you can take some form of fall damage (with a really annoying screen effect), but I don't actually know if it can kill you. But! It's Early Access, and I can appreciate that these things take time.A few suggestions I would make, assuming that the developer(s) read(s) this:-Portable block identification. Some way to make it not a pain to go back to ""home base"" and have to identify things before you can use them. I get that it's unrealistic for Steve? the wandering hobo to magically know what iron ore looks like and how to use it, but it's willing suspension of disbelief. Honestly, I would more readily believe that a space-man on what was probably a mining ship has basic earth metals committed to memory.-Make the particle effect for ""home base"" visible on low graphics (that is, if we really have to have home base to begin with). There was an interesting glitch when I first started up the game that made the ship just fly off into infinity instead of crashing to ground. Since I started the game on fastest graphics, the purple light particle never showed up... unless the ship legitimately never crashed and flew across the endless map. I reset that world anyway, so we may never know.-The way chunks load is entertaining, but I feel like that has to be taking up CPU that could be used a bit more responsibly. I don't personally know enough about this to go in depth about it, just kind of suggesting that the animation be dropped in favor of chunks ""popping"" into existence.In the end, the game is solid, and I really believe it has potential. It's not going to be the Minecraft killer, but that's alright, since Minecraft is enough of a danger to itself. There's plenty of bugs to iron out, but like I already said, these things take time. All I can really hope for is that these guys aren't the Terraria team in disguise, making a quick buck and running off, leaving an orphaned game that could be much more."
76561198023860361,Recommended,254200,23427789,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jac2084,"This game is fun and enjoyable, it's always getting updated so there are new things to do all the time"
,Recommended,254200,21403602,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,habix,Factorio 3d clone - I don't mind it.
76561197991341157,Recommended,254200,24298340,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,sammual,I'm not a big fan of Minecraft but I love building things.  The logistics of Fortresscraft evolved is exactly what I wanted out of minecraft.  I would love to see a Tower Defense mode or Mod for this game at some point.
,Recommended,254200,25243214,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Extantcy,WHOAH WHAT HAPPENED I THOUGHT THIS GAME SUCKEDits kinda complicated but its cool i guess
76561198338422635,Recommended,254200,26342784,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,theoneandonlyunknown,it is an okay game but i cant even play because of the lag please fix this it is a major issue
,Recommended,254200,24296965,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,aleccoder,great game
,Recommended,254200,24900809,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,PS|Shadow Master,Great Game
76561198128907765,Recommended,254200,20638478,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,cole_parker35,Everytime i try to start a world it crashes but i will keep trying
,Recommended,254200,20277902,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,EG Cake,gr8 game; I r8 8/8 m8.
,Recommended,254200,19261077,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,dada11dada22,This game is pretty neat but i have massive performence issues even with my decent computer. I can run FO4 max settings why cant i run this on average settngs with a bunch of power relays and a few convayer systems.
76561198059301495,Recommended,254200,19095544,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,gamer1570,"Purchased this game on Nov 14th and played it for 2 hours before I had to log off.  There was an update this morning, Nov 15th, and upon updating, I can no longer launch the game.""You can't open the application ""FC_OSX"" because it may be damaged or incomplete.""This is the error I get.That said, and if the game works, I would recommend this game to everyone who loves exploration, resource management and crafting!  Like Minecraft?  Meet Minecraft on Roids!Hats off to the dev(s).... can you fix this problem?  ;)"
,Recommended,254200,28620165,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Elaris,I can no longer ping for known ores without the game crashingOtherwise a great game
76561197970092878,Recommended,254200,25274194,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,S3pphire,"This Review in one word: RecommendedThis game is mind-blowing. I didn't play for that long (only around 300+ hours and i want a lot more), but what i can tell for sure: FortressCraft Evolved is addicting, amazingly fun (mostly because of your own actions), diversified and sometimes (logistically) challenging.For me it has a good mix of gameplay pace, as it offers situations where you have to react fast (or let's say you want to be fast) and on the other hand you have relaxing base management, where you can think about your next ""project"" or just waiting for resources.Furthermore the game gives you more than one moment of satisfaction. In fact you have a lot of small and big moments. For example you established a new mining site, you obliterated your first overmind or you just reached a personal goal in producing energy / ores / bars. Or maybe you're going to build your Climate Control Center? It depends on your own personal preferences."
76561198089788216,Recommended,254200,25398739,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,CYBER PUNK,Fun to play worth the money spent definatly one of my best games
76561197968380715,Recommended,254200,25759853,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,My half♥♥♥♥♥review...Is the game good? yesIs it fun? yesWorth the money? yesDoes it get regular updates? YupDo I feel cheated? NoDoes it need work? YesWould I recommend? YupThanks for reading my half♥♥♥♥♥review.
,Recommended,254200,28227598,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,NewClear,"FortressCraft Evolved is like a much more polished version of Minecraft + buildcraft mod. The TL;DR is it's more or less Logistics Simulator: Minecraft edition with tower defense aspects included. Sometimes getting a specific item is frustrating because you use so little of it, you don't create a dedicated system of machines to produce said item.  That said, I am quite sure you can automate pretty much the entire game if a player was dedicated and skillful enough, though that is MUCH easier said than done. I cannot currently comment on the multiplayer aspects as I have not messed around with that (yet!). The cons are that the tutorial is fairly useless. There is a LOT to figure out, but once you get the gist of it, the game is pretty consistent. Another con that kind of irks me is that most of the mobs that attack your base do not effect the player in any way, so you literally clip through them with no repercussions."
76561198031461446,Recommended,254200,26273852,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Charls,"This game is perfect, new things is constantly being added! Worth buying it!! - dont believe me? - check twitch.tv (DjArcass streaming he´s work daily)I bought this game some years ago ind EA, and thought it needed abit of work, but for a few weeks ago i turned back, and was VERY surpriced about the work they had put into this game!Everything they show you in the trailer video is true, the caves are GIGANTIC!!!It´s very hard for some people to understand how to get everything automated at the start, and maybe they need to put manufactoring plant into the game a bit sooner, or maybe i just need to learn the reserch tree to know abit better... :)I played factorio alot (400 hours before steam launch), and im sure i will play this at least as much!!Last and most importantly - DjArcass, GOOD JOB MAN! (Say hello to the kittens for me) :)Cheers"
76561197970718462,Recommended,254200,26402689,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Graaz0r,"It's an amazing game, worth far more than £9.99... I bought this a year or so ago and, must admit I didn't really get into it... it has a fairly steep learning curve - but if you're willing to invest some time, it's fantastic.Hats off to the dev, it (becomes) a very demanding game but runs silky smooth on reasonable hardware. The dev is also very active, streams his work and does good, substantial updates often enough to keep you interested.p.s. If you like Factorio... this is the same, but 3d... and on steroids"
76561197985327426,Recommended,254200,27869997,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Caladan,This game will eat all of your spare time. All of it. Forget having a family. Forget keeping a job. This is your life now. Get out whie you still can!
76561198012866426,Recommended,254200,27889291,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sceptical,"The sheer scale of this game can be overwhelming, But once you start to learn how to automate it can be incredibly satisfying to see your resources being fed through you base. I would go into your first world just as a learning experience and take the time to learn controls and how best to configure automation. I have only put 130 hours into this game and am still constantly rebuilding my base as i think of new more efficient ways to run resources. Also the tutorial is short and can leave alot unsaid, that being said PRESS THE ""H"" Key it is an excellent resource that new players tend to miss or overlook.The Dev has done an excellent job with this game and continues to do so.The price is entirely too low in my opinion and i would have been happy paying far more, with that said consider buying the DLC if you really enjoy this, but it is also not required as the base game is huge and continues to get new content."
,Recommended,254200,29282825,Posted: 15 January,all,Ilikor,It's fun !
76561198008531750,Recommended,254200,29347368,Posted: 18 January,all,_conscience_,"So much time lost. So much fun had.Likes: Complex tech trees. Every game is a different physical arrangement and gets you thinking about new solutions. Automation. Cooperative multiplayer. Designing a base is a lot like designing software, only it has nothing to do with my workplace so it gives me dopamine. Balancing tech progress with defense is a good time.Dislikes: I'm a multiplayer junkie, and the dedicated server (experimental as of this writing) still a bit on the clunky side: Chunk loading issues, getting stuck inside of nothing, other odd issues like that. I expect they'll be fixed with time. Definitely not enough exploration, there's pretty much no reason to ever leave the immediate vicinity of the base other than to nuke Overminds. Also, not enough threats in regions unknown. Game is generally pretty easy, even with Hard Mobs enabled, once you've mastered the art of efficiently climbing the tech tree. More challenge, please!"
,Recommended,254200,30107932,Posted: 22 February,all,spaceEngineer,Progression neer the end of the game gets slow but I think that's just me
76561197970012435,Recommended,254200,30305059,Posted: 3 March,all,Steve.Ottaway,Very addictive. Check out some startup videos to assist with early frustrations. 2nd new game is much more enjoyable & faster to get into once you know the basics.
,Recommended,254200,27754242,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jayF,I reccomend this game.I have enjoyed the exploration and building automation infrastructure.I look forward to future updates.
76561198183222618,Recommended,254200,30068647,Posted: 20 February,all,Sweg Master,"Its a fun game and all but it could be better. Some suggestions are power dosent get consumed as quik. Maybe even add more health to the player. But other than tiny small things, FortressCraft Evolved is a very fun game. And the multiplayer is all jacked up  in way too many ways to type in."
76561198021996671,Recommended,254200,20549620,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Arcane,"Good game, definatly getting better each day, keep up the work."
76561198065539889,Recommended,254200,14444423,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,WizarDEAD,"This is fourth time I update my review.- When game was released as early alpha is was almost unpleyable and i said whis will be great game sometime when it will be finished.- At patch 7 or 8 game start to be good, and i tought its near to be finished.- Now (patch 14) is game still in development. Author and eveloper still add more and more content, more buyable datadiscs, more machines, but core game is same same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as is was year before. Bugs still are everywhere, more than half of all machines havo no GUI and is dificult to operate them. missing icons, descriptions, ets..This game already have content for 300+ hours of playtime. It DO NOT NEED more content, it need some funcking polishing!!I returned to the game with patch 14 and in first 15 minutes of playing I found about 10 bugs.. No thanks.So this game could be good, i like it, but bugs bugs buuuuugs everywhere and it doesn't change.."
76561198208225655,Recommended,254200,21682578,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Woodiey77,If you like building games then this is a gem for you. So much content in this game and still added every week. Get it !
,Recommended,254200,20394922,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bounty,i love this game and updated content i find it a bit hard to progress at times but i guess thats life
76561198147353351,Recommended,254200,20277781,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,liquidklone,You should play this game and build 9x9s.
76561198175988973,Recommended,254200,31539646,Posted: 4 May,all,travian222,i only have one complaint about the game there should be a return to main menu button like if belt textures mess up and it show that backwards is forward so you dont have to completely close the game
,Not Recommended,254200,11313180,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Aquifel,"Spent 15 minutes playing with what turned out to be the 'ore scanner', trying to figure out how to do something more fruitful with no luck.  eventually found the in-game guide, managed to find out how to mine, after 15 more minutes still could not figure out how to build, fan resources found turned out to be dead links and empty wikis, gave up.Its early access, maybe it will be better if it releases.  Big plus though, developers actually read their reviews (see below), which is a good sign, will try back later."
76561198081649432,Not Recommended,254200,24122665,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,XyLe,"This game is constantly bugged, important issues don't get fixed.The dev doesn't care about peoples opinions and pays no attention at all or even insults people for complaints.One of the worst games on steam to support i've ever seen."
,Not Recommended,254200,24266769,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Exodus,First minute into the game had graphical glitches and disappearing/reappearing structures.The tutorial makes no sense and gives no feedback.Wait til under 5$ but this is not better than minecraft.
,Recommended,254200,19687356,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Stryxus,I'm literally wanting this to replace Minecraft
76561198038287286,Not Recommended,254200,12224141,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,cdeanoh,"I have gotten this game to run ONCE!I got it to work that time by using 32 bit instead of 64, but now it won't give such an option.  It simply begins loading and then gives a message saying ""Steam required to play ..."" then quits.There is a long list of things to try posted in the forums.  I've tried them with no success.It's hard to evaluate and give feedback on an early access game when you can't even access it.I can tolerate bugs in alpha/beta stages but to place the entire burden of getting a game to run on the consumer is not reasonable, especially when none of the workarounds apparently work."
,Not Recommended,254200,14212512,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TheMegaOne,"You know those really grindy ""free to play"" MMOs where you have to do the exact same thing over and over again to get the cool stuff? This game is exactly that, but without any payoff whatsoever.-Want to explore the wastly huge terrain, that is randomly generated to look exactly the same every single time?-Sorry you can't do that cause you'll freeze to death in 2 minutes.-Do you want to build the ever expanding factory of your dreams that produces all the cool stuff you could think of?-Well you can't quite do that, but what you CAN do is run back and forth between your mining drills, and your ONE smelter for 10 hours straight to gather enough resources for 20 conveyor belts. YAAY!This game is marketed as a HARDCORE base builder, which is all about automation, but in reality everything is way too resource expensive, and all the vital resources are too far apart. You'll literally have to spend at least 20 hours with hidiously boring grinding to make any form of automation possible.If you want to play a basebuilder that isn't a minecraft clone but is ACTUALLY FUN TO PLAY, dont waste your time with this and go buy ""Factorio"" instead.PS: I know this is just in early access, but that is not an excuse for not having actual gameplay."
,Not Recommended,254200,11363828,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,CommanderWP,"Ok, I know this seems like a cool game, but it is VERY CONFUSING!When I first played Minecraft, everything seems just simple and easy, but this game when you starts out it is very hard to understand what you are doing.Ok, first you need to find some ores, and let me tell you guys this: the ores are impossible to find, you would think ""oh I can just dig down and try my luck.""  So I did, i used super dig, used up all my power, made a HUGE cave from my super dig, and found nothing but rocks....The guies are very unclear about what you need to do, and the machines are very hard to understand, I wish they made like a video about how to get started or something.Did I forget to metion that there are few bugs?  (Of course, its Early Access)Went to Creative:  Don't know what 95% of the machines does, seeing some robots following me around, not sure why or what they do.  I just wish they had BETTER/CLEAR guides on what to do and make it simple and easy, not 20 pages long.I'm here for the cool machines and the ""FortressCraft"", not getting lost in what to do due to unclear guides!Overall:If you want to build: Just go to minecraftIf you want to play with machines: yes, then you should get this game, but note this: you HAVE TO spend at least 1 hour to figure how to get started in this game while reading a 20 page guide that are not very clear."
,Not Recommended,254200,21569185,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,RolanDecoy,"This little gem caught my eye about a year ago, when it was in early access. I decided back then to let it mature before buying it. As such I was excited to see it was out of early access and the full release was out.As another voxel based survival game this one seperates itself from the pack by focusing more or automation and refinement, matched really only by Factorio (but in 3D!!!). It looks great, at first glance, until I bought the game and played it...It played smooth. REAL smooth, in that it was between 150 and 200 FPS. There is an option in the Settings menu to change that, but it didn't do anything. No change whatsoever. So you try restarting the game, and there is still no difference. Now that is a pretty basic thing to set up, so why it doesn't function is beyond me (again, in a full title out of early access). It hogged all my computers resources to keep up with that rediculous update speed. But ow well, let's play on!So you start in a tutorial setting, protected from outside influences by a forcefield, which lifts when the tutorial is done. Awesome! The tutorial is short but informative, so even after restarting hundreds of games I can't see much of a speedbump there, and it's practical...Until the shield lifts and a giant spider robot walks over your base, its feet several blocks away from its legs (assuming said legs aren't jerking over it's head).At this point I noticed the text at the bottom right of the screen saying Development Build...Okay, probably started a Beta through Steam???...uhm...no...the game is still in beta...and the spider is supposed to be some kind of boss enemy to be encountered later in the game, which was left at the players spawn probably to debug / test.Why do I have a Development Build for a game that has been out for 5 / 6 months and without running a Beta?This game is not done, and it is out of early access. I concider that seriously disrespectfull towards the customer and a violation of my consumer rights. I don't mind buying a product that isn't finished, as long as you're honest about that and don't play morally and legally questionable games.In 10 years of Steam patronage I have never ask for a refund, and to be honest I thought Age Of Survival warranted it, but at least they are honest about the game not being done yet...EDIT: People don't seem to understand, so to make a bit more clear: I liked this game, I really did, but there is no excuse for selling a game that isn't finished, that is still a 'Developer Build'. The moment we as consumers accept that as 'okay' we collectively accept blatant disregard for our consumer rights and those rights will disappear.Steam has agreed with my complaint by refunding my payment, so at least I know I'm not entirely wrong by fighting this..."
,Not Recommended,254200,24960740,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Inquisition,Recently game creator decided: FINISH HIM! Fatality.Name this thing transport game or something similar. You have just to move a lot of stones. Tons of stones. Million tons of rocks. All you time will be wasted to move something somewhere using buggy blocks. That's all. Case closed. Where is the game?
76561198069713381,Not Recommended,254200,15801401,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Warmist,"Very bad performance, controls are random (Q to take from one inventory but does not work on the other)  Too many shiny things (e.g. ping floods the viewscreen and you can't see anything then). Maybe when it's more non-early access it would be better..."
,Not Recommended,254200,11119264,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Blagfar,"i did not have fun i understand its under early access and will try it out again later down the ""Development"" of this gamei hope to see co-op but right now not worth the money while there are much more wirth while games. no offence intended i understand its in early access and when it gets better i will change or remove this review."
76561198078116231,Not Recommended,254200,17276519,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,chamburg321,"Most games start off easy and get progressively harder in order to balance out the players advancement and remain interesting. This game does the exact opposite. Maybe not in terms of skill, but in patience. The first few hours (if not more) of gameplay are incredibly slow. There is a general sense of just not getting anywhere.And when you do manage to get a decent industry up and running and you actually have the resources to get things done, you realize there was no point. At this point in the game's developement, the only thing you can do with the resources you gather (Id guess there are fewer than 10 useful ones) is making machines that automate...gathering more resources...With such limiting gameplay and more bugs than a rainforest floor, its difficult to imagine it leaving early access in the near future"
76561198114217026,Recommended,254200,8311195,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Daniel2014,this a good game
76561198016614899,Not Recommended,254200,29209366,Posted: 12 January,all,Artritus,"Edit: After a developer reply on how to fix the crashes this runs smootly now (it never crashed since 2 hours at least). So i edited this to reflect more about my experience.However i still leave this review as negative, mostly since there is no ""neutral"" button, and since positive would not reflect what I exerienced / felt, while playing it.I must admit, that I havent progressed further than starting some basic automation.The UI get's in my way too often, and the tutorial is minimal, not explaining you lot's of things.Geting into automation is way too tedious at start.There is some weird sound problems for me too, like if i scan down there in a hallway the shrieking echoes forewer, having me to turn down the sound to an allmost absolute minimum.While the idea might be nice, the 3 dimensions just make it horrible for me personally, since the grappling hook probably needs hours of training to make you go up and down a mining shaft without dying every second time (after another two hours i found that shooting it repeatedly towards the wall while ""falling"" down a shaft you can actually land...). Digging deep and then bringing those materials back (automated, not running down there every 5 minutes) is a pain at the start too.The idea of needing unidentified blocks to scan for research is in my eyes not really good game design. An increased amount of ore or other resources per research would be much more apropriate (or did i not progress far enough still?).One of the things that hinder me most is the limited energy at start. Just because of this, and for no other reason i run forth and back 10 or more times to just set up a mine and build the conveyors and energy supply for it. While it could be fun to dig it, find a way for the belts and the energy transmition it gets dull, because 50% of the time is ""running forth and back for energy"".Some things are really nice in there too. Like distance not mattering for interacting with things, or the ""build to me"" feature. Unfortunatly nothing of this is explained in the tutorial, and i had to check some youtube videos and guides to even get the basic understanding of the game (and i'm one of those that dont like to have to watch let's plays to understand a game, i want immersion and learning in game).There is potential in it for sure. And i'll check on it again some time later.TL;DR:If you want a stable good factory builder then I recomend Factorio instead.If you want pure tower defence then there is 100 such games around.If you want a blend of both and you love 3d then this one is it."
76561198060695718,Recommended,254200,8573600,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,HI ALL IF YOU WANT A COOL CHEAP GAME THAT IS COOL ON STEAM THEN GET THIS GAME THIS IS A BETTER GAME THEN MINECRAFT GET SOMETHING SIMILAR TO IT FOR ONLY SIX DOLLORS NOT LIKE MINECRAFT THAT GAME MINECRAFT IS LAGGY AND COSTS MORE THAT ITS WORTH BUT YOU ALSO CONTROL THE WEATHER IN THIS ONE AND THIS GAME IS BETTER AND NOT LAGGY AND AT A BETTER PRICE BUY NOW WORTH $6.00
,Recommended,254200,13297880,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,NeglectedBacon,looks its a minecraft modpack
,Not Recommended,254200,15759834,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RedLazer03,not very gooda yet
76561198005491415,Not Recommended,254200,25025260,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tigerfeather,so amany hours wasted to hit a brick wall when i started to explore the expantion... horribly doccumented.  even the help system needs a major overhaul with the adition to properly filled out help files. the numbers of itmes you have to deal with are just redicules. updates are few and far between. stay away.
76561198100012760,Not Recommended,254200,19512589,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,tophat,"rip me, steam added the refunding too late  rip/rip"
,Recommended,254200,8451693,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,littlebixy,"hi i have played fortress craft since xbox and i have to say it gives minecraft a run for its money graphicly it beats minecraft 100% gameplay it beats minecraft 99.9% mods like for minecraft tekkit it doesnt beat it that well but overall fortress craft is a worthey contender for the mining game crown and i award it my secound 10/10 5 for graphics 4 for gameplay and 1 for beening plan awesome and being a loyel fortress craft supporter since the start oh and one other thing to all you people that say fortress craft is a copy of minecraft its NOT and plus i know how hard it is to make a game because i am starting to devlop a xbox 360,pc and maybe windows phone  on xna i have to say djarcus you have done a fine job and if you every want to join my xbox fortress craft world and iam online your welcome to join my gamertag is the same as my steam name and the same for fortress craft evolved  for an early access game this is a must buy for any platformer builder creater person on steam and on consoleand well done djarcus on all of you hard work on fortress craft chapter 1 on xbox 360 and fortress craft evovled on steam and next gen consoles  and to anyone [just to make this stand out iam going to put it in caps] I RECOMMEND THIS GAME ITS A MUST BUY 100%"
76561198034327272,Not Recommended,254200,19335900,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,tjw4000,"This game is awfu. Its juddery, slow, unreactive, its just unplayable on any graphics setting. Its junk i want my money back."
76561198100771599,Recommended,254200,24257093,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,davesanscheveux,great game
,Not Recommended,254200,19077168,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,alexbali25,"Cant see anything, the game is horribly glitchy, when i press menu it only shows staticy stuff, the world never loads, and the FPS is horrible! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTILL THEY HAVE FIXED IT"
76561198002992757,Recommended,254200,25834103,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sawis,Just giving my thumbs up for this brilliant game. Other people have better reviews. I can't think of any other game that is so perfect in its genre.
,Recommended,254200,16805100,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sylveonica,Blocks Everywhere!
76561198040746949,Not Recommended,254200,20021934,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,beachc,"Not nearly ready yet. Lose the continuous save feature. My computer shut off due to my breakers, both times my world got corrupted. I lost virtually all of my base. Seriously man, saving is kiiiind of important. If you can't do it right, just lose the continuous save feature."
,Recommended,254200,24256358,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,icey,"great game.the developer is good, and a hard worker.love the building, enjoy the fun i get figuring how to get things to work with what u got.great game."
76561198007942187,Not Recommended,254200,25079641,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Blackshadow,I don't know why it keeps crashing when i try to enter or create a game but it is the second time a game doesn't work and thus ask for a refund and please if you think or know you fixed it please let me know becuase i know it is an amazing game
76561197984970500,Recommended,254200,26264858,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kallisti,It's like Minecraft and Factorio had a baby.  This is great.I've just barely scratched the surface and I'm hooked.
,Recommended,254200,32378999,Posted: 12 June,all,Rico2,factorio + S.E. with a pinch of penumbra's setting7.6/10
,Recommended,254200,12465611,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JB3,"Disclaimer: I have not played the Creative Mode.Even in Early Access this is an incredible game.  You start off in the middle of no where freezing to death with only the energy in your suit and a couple of torches and ore extractors.  You immediately have to set off to find your crashed ship to try to salvage whatever you can to just survive the first night on this planet.  Once you're accustomed to surviving the night, you can start exploring all that FortressCraft has to offer.  Building automated bases, suit upgrades, crafting, etc.The UI still needs to be cleaned up and more intuitive, but the devs are working on core functionality of the game first so expect a bit of a learning curve (if you have any questions the devs and other community members are always available on the forums),New updates and features are being released all the time, multiplayer was just recently released (there's still a lot more work to do with multiplayer, but at least it's under way).  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,254200,21307099,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Magus,Best game I have played in years.
76561198156572064,Recommended,254200,24980054,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,A flying squirrel,"Look, I would love to say i LOVE THIS GAME.... but in short i find it difficult to play and i got confused even after playing the tutorial, this game may become fun after a while but for now its going in the pile till i can be bothered to play again. Shame, this game looked so good yet my PC struggles to run it even with the recommended stuff But then with only 35 mins of play time who am i to say whether or not you should get this, Hell go for it, a lot like minecraft but with the mods"
,Recommended,254200,19528212,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,-{A★T}- blazingrager33,It's fun.
76728118373119578,Recommended,254200,18978302,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jasesaster,:)
,Recommended,254200,11893735,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ObeseSausage,"My review is ""Under Construction"""
,Recommended,254200,24305473,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,EAM|Knochen,amazing game but i need german language
76561198011998323,Recommended,254200,25311582,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Titanium Jesus,"I must be strange, because I love watching my automation in a fully functional base of conveyor hell.Basically a base building simulator in full 3D and I recommend it to anyone who likes games like minecraft/industrialcraft."
,Recommended,254200,26545839,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,timmist,"rely fun gaimand would recomend it to anyone, but i do wish that in gaim contant wasn't blocked and that it wasn't more expensive than the game itself content is thare you can even reseafch it but can't use if"
,Recommended,254200,28323929,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,noodle,"Very deep/complex game by a dev who cares about making the game fun/playable so you care about the depth and complexity.  And when intuition fails the in game documentation is beautifully succinct.The game is amazing, the 'build factory to survive harsh planet while exterminating the indigenous' genre is amazing, watching a spiderbot disgorge energy blasts into the chitinous hordes protecting their homeland is amazing."
,Recommended,254200,28616436,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NoiD™,"Very complex game. Comming from Minecraft and Creativerse, I find myself having no idea what to do. If I decide to continue with it, I'll have to do abunch of reading. Not a game to just pick up and start playing. Not that this is a bad thing. Some people like games with alot of depth. I think I'll just ask for a refund."
76561198095162215,Recommended,254200,30188441,Posted: 25 February,all,Spidey,"Fun, simplistic and amazing, a must buy."
,Recommended,254200,30322594,Posted: 4 March,all,call me moist,"If you like to automate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything, then I would suggest getting this game. It is fun, challenging, and worth your money :)"
,Not Recommended,254200,23545861,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ikiris,"Developer has a serious ego complex, and thinks challenge / content exists in tedium. Now this attempt to extract more money to just finish the beta errr I mean add an expansion pack.Don't waste your money."
76561198168739230,Recommended,254200,20548487,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,I_Ethan_Pan,good game.
,Recommended,254200,20810187,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,CyberBlaster,Great game
,Recommended,254200,31167163,Posted: 15 April,all,PoisonedPeace,"Its not bad. Kind of like factorio, but more of a tower defense type. There is a significant amount of content gated by the DLC, but it doesn't really block the end game, so I'm okay with that. The game is very grindy. Sometimes you will find yourself just waiting around without being able to move forward until your incredibly slow ore smelting slogs through enough ore to allow you to research ore smelters.It is actively updated with new items and bug fixes."
,Not Recommended,254200,15647722,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"I just can't get in the game, it tries to be different from Minecraft and other games but it falls short of Minecraft and even most of its clones; as well as the developer left the game for some several months and came back to it, he should of been there the whole time, who knows; he might leave again and never continue the project."
,Not Recommended,254200,20685498,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nerdbeard,"Can you escape an infinite, inhospitable alien planet?Spoler alert!  No, you cannot.  The game is incomplete.This game will seduce you with a bunch of false promises and then break your heart with placeholder content, missing artwork and prose, obsolete branches of the tech tree, and unimplemented features.I'd like to say that in a couple of years this will be a great game, but the solo developer has his ego tangled up in this project and doesn't seem to have the perspective or artistic integrity to see the problems with this game."
,Not Recommended,254200,10413968,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Orson Krennic,fortresscraft for the xbox was better then this an thats sayun someten
76561198123314086,Not Recommended,254200,9129873,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,nicejesus the harbinger,\i like the way u can build like on minecraft but i really dislike the cloudy background it looks like crap and theres a few more thing i think you should know about this game.there is no controlls listyou cant use a mouse at the menui would not recommend this game if u where looking forward to playing a game easy to use toolsthere arnt even summaries on the block like how to use them-yours trullyjspare2017
,Not Recommended,254200,30779405,Posted: 27 March,all,Kryyss,"It's rare that I give up on a game so soon into playing it but this would be one of the few times that it happens. I couldn't tell you much about how the game itself plays except that it really does lack anything which could be considered entertainment. The notion of a tower defence Minecraft-esque game sounds appealing but the way it has been done is just needlessly tedious. There are many mods for Minecraft which offer what FortressCraft is doing here but does it far better.Whats more is that the game is just plain unpleasent to look at. The UI itself is messy and vague. The environment itself is dark and neon in a way which isn't interesting or visually appealing at all and can be done much better as shown by games such as Subnautica. The draw distance, even when maxed, is actually far less than what Minecraft it capable of with shaders applied so you have this distinct horizon not very far away and the surface clutter can be seen hovering over an invisible landscape that has not yet loaded. The items held in the players hand block a good 1/4 of the screen which is distracting when you're looking around. Due to how dark the game is and how crucial machines are all blocks I found myself having to carefully peer at the screen to tell if I was looking at a hopper or a smelter for example. This unwieldly design also extends to the controls which cannot be rebound to new keys from within the game it would seem.The game is just an unwieldy mess of ideas that have been mashed together and don't really work when taken as a whole. I've refunded this already and I would suggest that nobody touch this game."
,Not Recommended,254200,26304785,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pretentieux,"This game might be decent, but I can't get into it because whoever designed the UI apparently thought they were making this game for six-year-old kids.  The Main Menu screen serves as a warning for the terrible menu & GUI systems to come.  A basic UI is not only easier to design, but also more useable.  The winning UI will always be the one that is only as noticeable as it is functional.  It shouldn't be used as a place to show off artistic ""talent."""
76561198044361905,Not Recommended,254200,20521004,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Lucidly Awake,"The first thing I have to say is that it only took me half an hour to quit, uninstall, and apply for a refund. People are saying this is ""just like modded minecraft"", which is definitely better than this.-The visuals are blinding-The UI is garbage-The game starts off EXTREMELY slow-The game dumps you into the world with a minimal tutorialI basically had no clue what i was doing in this game. Just stick to minecraft, there's hundreds of mods for it and they're all better than this and you will actually know what to do."
,Not Recommended,254200,24503121,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Hyperspeed1313,"The general gist of this game is what happens when Minecraft and Factorio have a baby. Unfortunately, it didn't work out quite like that. For a logistics based survival game, I would much rather play Factorio, and for a block-based world, I would much rather play Minecraft. Don't get me wrong, this game isn't a bad game. It's just there are other games that do the job better, in my opinion."
76561198019007594,Recommended,254200,18975765,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,dukered79,"The dev is honest and consistent, the game is challenging but interesting, most of all, its addicting and I find reasons to come back and play it for hours to see what new stuff I can find."
,Not Recommended,254200,31028517,Posted: 8 April,all,Toamac,if you are expecting this game to be like the xbox 360 arcade version then you are going be greatly disappointed.first time i play this it was confusing as hell and it still is.it does help that the audio sounds can give you headache.
76561198177005301,Recommended,254200,25519483,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,THE GREEN BASTARD CSOFFER.ME,Good game 10/10
,Recommended,254200,23543942,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,bobby3605,Buy this game
76561198165621375,Recommended,254200,23674796,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,dx1965,I could never figure out how to interact or build in this game. Maybe I will try it again. Just not sure yet or then when I purchased it how to interact with this game. Wish there was another option when commenting on games that I had issues with. At this point I can't recommend a game I don't know how to play.
,Not Recommended,254200,16275539,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rassemusa ✌ - hellcase.com,This game sucks. If I can i woud try to get a refund! Dont buy this pice of crap!
,Not Recommended,254200,28159519,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Porter,"The game is too complicated with a sorry excuse for an ""tutorial"".  I've had this game for a few months, but I just cant seem to get myself to invest in it as I simply do not know what to do.I give it a pass till there is an proper tutorial."
76561198142978200,Not Recommended,254200,15525346,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,GibberGaming,i hate it it's a rip of of minecraft
,Not Recommended,254200,17697734,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,xgwishyx,"It took about 4 restarts and 30 minutes to actually begin the game, and after 2 hours of mining I completely regret the €2 or €3 I spent on this game.Edit: a word"
76561198072350838,Recommended,254200,15713865,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,malle melk beer,"Saw a flaming ball, Saw a flying robot bee, Saved world 10/10 would derp around again."
,Recommended,254200,23554506,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,nobody,Eh.
,Not Recommended,254200,31972650,Posted: 26 May,all,muhuk,"Crashes during exit (while saving), takes me back 5 hours of gameplay. Awesome game. But still unstable."
,Recommended,254200,22302070,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,MatthewGB0,.
76561198083580729,Recommended,254200,12017346,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Redwake,"I played FortressCraft on the 360 quite a bit, enjoying the hunt for all those hidden little tools you could use to make playing the game more interesting. I especially enjoyed the idea of creating zed spawners. I must have created thousands of those things...But anyway, on with THIS game.I had to say this: it's not easy starting out. I had little time to read the help and starting tips before I realized that my suit energy was dropping fairly quickly. To top it off, I had to also wrestle with the controls before I was able to make my way to my crash site.But once I managed to get the controls down, I was able to start mining for resources. I got lucky and found a tin and coal vein inside the mountain I set up camp on, and eventually found iron and copper (though they were a long climb down into the earth.I think the suit energy idea is a good idea. It's going to keep you alive, and it allows you to stay out in the cold a while longer before you need to recharge. And the scanner idea was nice as well, though I think I know a tree when I see one. Unless it suddenly grows tentacles and tries to eat me. Then I'm just being eaten.And the new entities in the the game have given me more questions than answers. There are these flying robots that, when I kill them, drop ruined stingers. Not sure what to do with those, or what they are suppose to do for the bots, but it's interesting. And let's not forget the wacky-looking spider thing I found stuck on the mountain. That thing wouldn't die, nor would it move. I'm curious as to how all of those things got there.While this game is pretty fun to play, and the creative mode is a blast to mess with, I did have some general issues, ones that I'm sure some or most players will have run into.1. Resource Management.While I can understand that resources are going to be important for your survival, it just seems kind of ridiculous to have to travel hundreds of blocks away in order to find even basic resources (it took me over an hour to just find copper). And the majority of the time, my energy is being used to keep my few ore extractors going, or scanning for more areas to mine new resources. I've yet to find anything new.2. Control Layout.This is one of my biggest beefs, and for a good reason. As I said before, I had to fight with the controls for a minute before I could get moving, though it took me even longer to learn how to switch back to my scanner from my gathering tool. It also feel a little clunky, having to reach across the keyboard to hit a certain hotkey. I know the keys can be rebound, but I tend not to mess with that. Maybe a few minor rethinkings of the layout would be nice. Or controller support! I'm honestly one for full controller support, so maybe that could be a future addition.3. Crafting.The crafting system is relatively straight forward, which is nice, but requires resources that could take a lot of time to find, and even more time to gather. And even with the resources that are almost immediately found, the process requires more time and more resources. To illustrate my issue:8 iron=1 iron bar, 15 iron bars=1 ore extractor.It just seems a little tedious.4. Environmetal Hazards.Now, honestly, this is a cool feature, but one that needs some working. Heat keeps you from freezing to death, obviously. But what makes me a little irritated is the fact that you can't make heated rooms. It just seems like one of those things that you'd think would have been implemented a while back to help players better manage themselves. I'm really hoping it's added in a future update, though. Cold nights would be so much more pleasant.5. Terrain.This one is just something small, nothing major. But I feel like it's something that could be implemented at some point in even a minor update.Having to jump to go up another block gets a little tedious, not to mention it's a little hard on the spacebar (at least mine, anyway). Maybe the option of automatically climbing up one block could make an appearance in a future update.But other than that, this game is looking pretty good! I'm looking forward to seeing what the Devs have in store for futue updates, as well as what other players will suggest adding to it. This is a game that certainly has evolved from it's console predecessor, and it's done so pretty well."
76561198011657297,Recommended,254200,26086062,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Scorpion,"I moved this game early to cat. in steam named old and do not care games...Then i saw some new video, where it looked like game works now.. reinstalled and ...yup it works and it is a fun game :)Even gonna suggest it to a friend so we can multiplayer..."
76561198001465176,Recommended,254200,30323522,Posted: 4 March,all,jjku,hard core love for this game i hope every yesr or 2 they have a new dlc
,Recommended,254200,30162851,Posted: 25 February,all,Alarm,Requires a brain.Tis gud
,Recommended,254200,12393684,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,coldReactive (Iyeru),"It's good so far, and it uses the Unity Engine, which means it's not a big corporate game, etc. A few things to note: This game is not complete, not by a long shot. I've already run into a LOT of bugs within my playtime already, below is a list of them.-- The 64-Bit Version may crash upon Quitting the game to desktop.-- Having more than one ore type in your inventory will confuse the smelter's ""Feed Ores"" button. (You cannot make a storage system without multiple ores.)-- The A.R.T.H.U.R or whatever it is called, requires a Power Core to be crafted for it to work proper again. However, you do not know this recipe, even after researching the black box and power suit upgrades.-- Right-Clicking items in your hot bar (using the mouse-enabled HUD) removes them from your inventory, forever. You cannot collect more of the item, you cannot see the item when using scroll wheel, etc. It's gone, forever.-- Using your mining laser on coal ore (or any ore) constantly will seem to continue mining the ore incredibly faster than an ore extractor, this is not the case, the blocks that appear dropped are ghost ore item drops.-- Game on ""Fabulous"" has issues with block animations, etc. The loading screen also freezes on that setting, even though the computer can handle said setting over 60 FPS (IE: Getting screen-tear since my computer can process faster even on Fabulous.) The setting can also lag computers that are far, far above the recommended requirements.-- The spider mech enemy does nothing.-- Your gun cannot hurt the spider mech enemy. (IE: The spider mech has no hitbox.)-- Sometimes, during the day, the solar cell on the suit does not work.-- Sometimes, even if you have enough power and research points, some research items will say they can't be researched.-- The world select button on the Escape menu does nothing.-- When creating a world with a custom name, the world's name reverts to ""World"" on game reload."
,Recommended,254200,31155369,Posted: 15 April,all,Wolfeyyik|Youtube hellcase.com,A couple of games for a Minecraft+ some factorio idk why but game is great worth of that money ;)
,Not Recommended,254200,9184278,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,You And I,Do I recomend this game? OF COURSE I DO NOT! It's awful!!
,Not Recommended,254200,9168732,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,jeg snaver med Kristians søster,"Looks great, but not the money worth!"
76561198048878054,Not Recommended,254200,8980484,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Juice,"So I got this game after reading that it was one of the best-selling games on XBL. However, I don't see how that can be. There's no goal, other than build giant crap. No purpose to the game. If your life is so utterly empty that you feel showing off intricate structures you've built will fill some void, then this game is for you. No NPC's, no action, just building♥♥♥♥♥♥ VERY boring. I just hope I can get a refund."
,Not Recommended,254200,29305202,Posted: 16 January,all,Techbane,"I really, really, really want to like this game, and for a while as I was starting out, I did. The elevator pitch is more or less ""Factorio as recreated in Minecraft"", and the first person element really does add that much more to the exploration aspect.Unfortunately, once you've got an assembly line set up for your most basic resources, the entire game's progression of tech trees turns out to be deliberately balanced a step or two behind parity with your current progress, such that you arealwayssticking your neck out, collecting stuff manually, and being forced to stretch your current equipment to its absolute limits to gather the new resource for the next tier of equipment, at which point the process repeats itself. It's less a game about automation as it is a never-ending masocore scavenger hunt. Which is a damn shame, because if just a bit more common sense were applied to the tech trees it'd be another masterpiece of the ""explore, collect, build"" genre. You still might be able to get something out of it, but I would advise caution. It's more nefarious than it looks."
76561198120594621,Not Recommended,254200,26280239,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wilshire,"If you want a complete game, don't buy thisDev locks the MAJORITY of game content behind additional DLC that costs as much as the base game.Mark my words, he'll do it again. I guarantee if you buy thing you'll end up pay for the game 3 times of more with DLC to unlock features that were promised years ago.Oh, and don't you dare suggest in the forums that something is wrong with the game (bugs, etc) : the Dev and his cronies will crucify you.Game is fine, better if you've got a friend to play with, but I don't support developers like this one."
,Not Recommended,254200,19107403,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Higgs Bonbon,"Fortresscraft: Evolved is... awkward.Alright... where to start? Well, I suppose I should start off by saying I can tell this game takes inspiration from ""industrial""-themed Minecraft mods, in that you're setting up production chains and transporting items and mining and all that stuff. The problem is it's only taken inspiration, and pretty much fails in every other regard.The good:Fortresscraft is initially simple and you might have fun for the first hour, but the fun soon stops as the game becomes a parade ofannoyances, either due to bad game design, intentional grinding, and a slew of other bullcrap that keeps you from that carrot on a stick; progression.The bad:Now, you may be wondering, ""Higgs, what's so annoying and bad about the game? Look at all the positive reviews!"" To that I say; everyone is stupid except me, and you... if you listen to my gripes about this game.Starting off, the graphics. Now, I might be playing this on an ancient GTX630 graphics card, but that's still no excuse for a game with these sorts of graphics to not be hitting 60FPS, at the very least on low settings. The models are simple and bland, they look like they're out of a PS2 game (a bargain-bin one at that), and the blocky terrain clashes with this. The textures are muddy, dull and needlessly high-res, and have parallax for the most mundane things. The developer seems to have slapped on as many special rendering effects on top of the game to cover up the mediocrity of the art style, to the point that it can be difficult to see when some of the bloom effects or screen overlays do their best to blind you. As a result, the game tends to chug despite the low poly-count.The gameplay itself is, to a point, what you'd expect from a Minecraft ripoff. Break and place blocks. Simple enough, if the UIs weren't a goddamn nightmare to navigate. Every single screen seems to run on a different set of rules, and despite what might seem like a solid framerate your clicking and dragging will be laggy as hell. The focus of the game, the machines, are obnoxiously unexplained; even with the in-game help it either seemed to gloss over the function or rules of things lioke hoppers, which never EVER behaved in the way you wanted them to. I'd be fine with that if I could mine by hand, but you CAN'T. Ore blocks aren't supposed to be broken apparently, and yield junk when you turn your laser onto them. You have to place a grinder thing beside an ore vein, then wait for it to chew through it sluggishly. It's obnoxious and it just doesn't make sense. Even breaking normal blocks manages to be awkward and clunky, they break far too fast and the range for the laser is too far, making digging stairwells a chore when you accidentally dig at more or less than a 45* angle, meaning you have to dig out the ceiling or place blocks to make the stairs smooth again. With the way blocks break in Minecraft, you have far better control over what you're digging, to the point that I find mining to actually be one of the more enjoyable activities even after at least 5 years of playing the game, Fortresscraft's awkwardness just vomits all over that sense of zen that I get.It's worth mentioning again that almost nothing is actually given context in the game. Despite dismantling a tree with my laser I can't make planks to make a crate to store all this garbage in my inventory. What do all these over-detailed glowing plants do? Slimes everywehere? Are they bad guys? Sometimes when I'm underground a block decides it hates me and kills me (dying has no consequences outside of respawning, yet another annoyance). Are THOSE bad guys? How do I fight them? I had to go down to -150 meters to find lithium ore, yet the device that beams power underground requires that I already have piles of lithium? Why do I have to nrun back and forth between my power station because there's little option for providing power to underground drills? How many times am I going to get HYPOTHERMIA?Also, no pickaxes in the game apart from the logo. That really miffs me for some reason, maybe because I can't mine myself and the machines are frustrating to deal with. Placing conveyor belts is an exasperating chore; they never go the way you want them to the first time, and you'll often need to dig a hole to stand in to get at the right angle to place them up a wall (that doesn't even make SENSE).The ugly, ugly, UGLY:Did I mention this game is ugly? Holy hell is it ugly. Again, I have to reitterate that the flat, blocky terrain clashes with the semi-detailed models; Minecraft might be ugly too but at least it's a consistent sort of ugly. Every texture is far more detailed than it needs to be, to the point that it looks less like a texture and more like a grey blob at every distance apart from directly in front of your eyes, in which case it's got so much detail it looks almost uncanny valley in a way. The lighting SUCKS, it hurts my eyes. I hate looking at this game.In conclusion, if you really, absolutely must play a voxel-based mining game with machines, buy Minecraft and install Technic launcher, there's dozens of well-made and POLISHED mods for you to play, with far more content and without the graphics drain and constant frustrations."
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,254200,32362879,Posted: 12 June,all,zastroph,Just found out creative mode no longer works!
,Not Recommended,254200,32144172,Posted: 2 June,all,Wert,Pros : is funCons : LSD planet hurts my eyes
,Not Recommended,254200,13353850,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,[G.O.R.A] Mysstria,"Just DON'T buy this game. There are tonnes of voxel games, mineCRAFT clones which are much better than this. Sorry for my crappy English. I warned ya, you'll want to give this game back."
,Not Recommended,254200,21721711,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,elderq.firestorm713,"Don't let the high recommendation fool you. This game is awful. It's completely unfinished, it may as well not even have a tutorial for all the good the tutorial does you, and is barely functional in all other respects. Even if it were functional it is completely devoid of personality or spirit. What started as a clone of Minecraft hasn't evolved into anything worthwhile. Skip this one.Edit: The developer commented, so i figured I'd give a bit more detailed reasoning as to why I returned this game.a) the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥on a current gen ASUS,b) the first game I played I spent 20 minutes debugging why the power hub and conveyer setup wasn't working (the hub spawned a block too high), and had to restartc) you've published the game with the developer console actived) the robot tries to fly into the optimal place to display its message(which was clipped by the edge of the screen for me), and it took me several minutes of chasing him down before I realized that's what was going on,e) there's a general lack of visual communication when you look at objects to try to figure out what they do,f) things that, I assume, were working normally, looked buggy and unpolished, like the intro screen and the level generation screeng) the visuals and audio, while hardly placeholder, desperately need a polish pass (the lighting and shaders especially)h) you can die in the starting zone simply by not learning the game fast enough.All in all, a horrific first impression. All the in-game help menus in the world can't make up for a bad impression."
,Not Recommended,254200,26336417,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Aristoi,"I did not find a lot to love in this game.  To start, it is ugly.  I was not expecting much from the screenshots, and I am hardly a graphics snob, but this is an unpleasant to look at game.  The textures and models are not cohesive, and the game is inexplicably dark.  And I mean dark.  There are highlights of variously colored lights, but it is more reminiscent of early games like Quake rather than anything attractive.  The tutorial is exceptionally short and completely useless.  I guess new players are expected to watch YouTube videos to figure things out.  The UI is also pretty terrible, starting with the main menu and getting worse from there.  There may be a good game buried in here, but I couldn't find it before I decided that there were better uses of my time and asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,254200,13298010,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,--[SYELDARB]--,"Its like a bad vertion on minecraft, cheeper though... Although you get what you pay for"
,Not Recommended,254200,18827457,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LolStein,When i just create a world it doesnt respond...
,Not Recommended,254200,26392980,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Eldritch,this game is good but if your computer crashes while playing it will in turn corupt files and not let you play
76561198090342685,Not Recommended,254200,21444222,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,christian™,i really regret buying this.. its so hard on what to do next after the tutorial
76561197999887393,Not Recommended,254200,30881610,Posted: 1 April,all,streichel mich,"way way way too unstable und buggy.Demanding money for this is insulting - Im not even talking about the HUD that looks like from pre 2000 games to not delve deeper into more expletive metaphors.The level of refining of basic things this piece of software offers in the first 10 minutes is a joke.To list a few issues:-Integer Roll Overs of simple energy capacity listings-the game crashes on exiting a world, may be hardware specific (reproducable)-saving the game uses such a weird compression algorithm that crashes the game 100% of times, may be aswell hardware specific (reproducable)-a random amount of the most important blocks of your starter base tends to be invisible because animation fails/texture being not loaded or whatever.. but not being able to see your base immidiatedly breaks the gameI could list more bugs I had in the 30 minutes I tested the game, but that should suffice to paint a picture.Just waste your time and money on something else"
,Not Recommended,254200,22344964,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Twisted [UK],"I've had this game for over a year but could never get into it because of bad performance and not being able to see more than 20m, it really detracts from the gameplay which I'm sure is there. Just as a whole, it feels more like a demo than an actual game. Maybe more polish and less DLC is needed.System Specs:i5 2500k @ 4GHzXFX 7970 3GB @ 1GHz24GB RAM256GB M4 SSD1440p Display"
,Not Recommended,254200,30986344,Posted: 6 April,all,Arkandos,"The clunky and eye-gouging UI really puts me off this game.It feels 20 years old, if not worse.The fact that it so enourmus that it covers a very large portion of the screen does not make things better either.The default controls are not the ones listed in tooltips, which makes it very frustrating to constantly jump into the keybindings to see what is what.Another very annoying fact was placing the conveyorbelts, which did not seem to keep the rotation they were placed in earlier, and the orientation based on your own position was very finicky."
76561198137782113,Not Recommended,254200,15940871,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Itz Ritz,this game is one of the most stupid games ive ever played i do not recommend this game to anyone a waste of money.
76561198202285716,Not Recommended,254200,34357789,Posted: 19 August,all,tmfloyd5817,"for some reason, i can't place nor build without superbuild. Good game overall, but it just won't let me build or destroy without superbuild."
,Recommended,254200,32960654,Posted: 28 June,all,Armag,"very fun, i can chill or play hardcore"
,Recommended,254200,20848281,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,maxo relaxo,NOOO SOME REASON I CANNOT PLAY MY WORLD A FILE IS CORRUPT WHAT CAN I DO?
76561198150251543,Not Recommended,254200,23962177,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Hawianpuppy,impossible to learn the place ment grid is very onying
,Recommended,254200,26184641,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Skurleton,It's like factorio and minecraft had aVERYunwanted lovechild
,Not Recommended,254200,16889818,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Macaroni Penguin,"This is a Boring sandbox which you have to go online to find out ANYTHING about it. When i bought this i was expecting a ""improved version of minecraft"" You Should NOT buy this it should be free. i give it 2/10"
76561198042913113,Recommended,254200,12499989,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,caidicus,"I have yet to really jump into the game, as I'm one of the few people who bought it to play it in the Rift.It seems the dev is working on making DK2 work with the game, but that it'll require an update from the current Oculus Rift SDK, as it is currently incompatible with the way Fortresscraft renders things.All that technical jazz aside, I would say that I've personally observed a lot of very diehard fans of this game, so I'd say they would recommend it. I'll stick with their opinion until I can formulate my own through experience."
,Recommended,254200,22076463,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Hinsonator,"I am addicted to this game at the time i wrote this review, while the game is still in development i reccomend getting it. Basically this game is what you get when you mix Minecraft, a few of it's more technecal mods like Industrialcraft and Buildcraft and turn it into a full blown game. If you're a fan of Minecraft with those two mods then you should definitely play this, if you're a fan of voxel games in general i also think this is worth a try.When you start off you're about to dock at a space station in the middle of a meteor shower when it's hit by an asteroid and you come crashing down to the planet below because of that. At the moment your goal is to build up a base, research the local enviroment for things you can use and send some power in orbit so your buddies in orbit can get the damaged station running. While you're doing this you have to defend yourself from the local wildlife and trying to prevent the illusive hive mind from spreading and destroying any clump of resin you find on your travels as these will give you useful rewards.Let's start off with the bad:- The game is still quite buggy and unstable (when i wrote the review) and multiplayer is even more unstable. Running the game at a graphic quality setting higher than good will almost guarantee your game will crash if not your computer at the moment.- Enemies are quite buggy, going through blocks and if they die while inside of a block they could end up breaking the block they're inside.- The game punishes you if you mine ores yourself as you barely get any ore out of veins which forces you to rely on your trusty ore extractors.- This game is fairly hands off especially late game.- The game is also quite CPU heavy, if your computer has a weak processor i'd say either upgrade or avoid this game until you do get an upgrade.Now the good:+ The worlds are randomly generated which can be good especially if you get a good seed with loads of bigger ore veins. You can even change a few settings in relation to the map such as how common ore is, how fast conveyors move items about and how strong the enemies are and so on.+ While the progression has a few places that can be improved i think the devs have more or less nailed it.+ There are a set of upgrades for your suit, your floating bot called Arthur and later on the massive spiderbot that helps you defend your base.+ Automation is fun, especially when you get all four of the starter ores and you can build a basic power grid with coal generators, batteries to store energy and lasers to transfer energy from your generators to your extractors, turrets, even your forward outposts which you will need later on as you go deeper into the planet.+ This game is so much better with friends, although you can only play cooperatively at the moment as everyone shares the same base but you do all have your own inventories.+ The devs are very active, they try to push a patch out every month and sooner if the game has a massive problem. Every now and then they'll even throw in a feature that someone has suggested, complete with an achievement if you do use something a community member has suggested.+ The game has a creative mode which has been massively improved upon from the original Xbox 360 game, even the detail blocks have come over from there.+ If you have a massive problem with your game or computer there's a neat little system which aims to lower the chance your world will break as a result.+ Research is interesting especially when you get the lab, you scan the local enviroment and analize those scans to find out what they are and get a few research points for your efforts which you spend on new recipes and early on new technologies. When you research a new technology you'll either get something useful or a new technology which can give you something useful.+ On the technical side (at least i've heard) FortressCraft is one of those few games that makes good use of all your CPU cores no matter what so if you have a CPU with loads of weaker cores so if your machine doesn't have a CPU with a set of fewer, stronger cores then you might be in luck. This can be good news especially for AMD people as AMD CPUs (as far as i know) tend to boast a higher CPU core count compared to Intel CPUs of a comparable model."
,Not Recommended,254200,23232518,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Yatekko,"While it had potential, the developer is just awful - Horrible attitude, selling what should be base game content as DLC and Patreon rewards, writing links sending users to virus-ridden sites and not putting out a hotfix, getting his goonies to upvote the game with private, level 0 accounts when it gets low, etc.  I can not and will not recommend this."
76561197981212562,Not Recommended,254200,24314822,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cr@sh,"First off, this is an early access game without the title, what a slimy way to get people to buy an incomplete game. There is already dlc for it, one of which is an expansion that costs more than the original game.I went into this game expecting to like it. For the first 30 seconds, the tutorial seemed very hand-holding which I liked for this game because after that, I didn't have a clue what to do next. After 22 minutes, I gave up and decided to try again later. Saving the game took about 2 full minutes; That's excessive. Came back the next day having no objectives. I didn't have any idea what I was supposed to do. Only after 20 minutes did it finally tell me what I was supposed to do. So I put ore in smelter thing and it just sat there. There was no on/off button to it so I thought, I know, I'll add power to it. There was no way to do that directly so I tried to add power to the central hub. My suit drained power but the machine didn't gain any. This had worked for me the first day though and continued to work for other machines. I decided to quit once more, saving seemed like it was going to take a while again(why is this even a thing? I'm not the only one with this problem), so I alt-tabbed, when I clicked on the icon to see the progress, it disappeared. I assume it crashed without errors.The whole suit having power thing is completely stupid, it drains so fast. Literally running back and forth to the energy block thing(that fills up very slowly) after trying to mine twice which collects like 10 ore total. I don't know if this energy dilemma is a problem late-game but it's realllllly annoying at the start. Unless you can upgrade your character, which I didn't see a way to, I imagine that will always be a problem throughout.Something I personally didn't like was the UI. The rainbow colors weren't pleasing to the eyes and the white font on top of it only made it worse. Very difficult to read.Spending the first two hours trying to figure out this unintuitive game will be too much trouble for me. Maybe the game is good for all I know but it certainly doesn't start out that way and I'm sure it's part of the reason people will be asking for refunds."
,Not Recommended,254200,15724648,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,stephenX1,"this game sucks. thought it would be pretty cool, i was wrong :l"
,Not Recommended,254200,9011863,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,remilia irl,"0/10 like minecraft with minecraft, every time I play this game I feel sick.Really though this game feels really cheesy to play, don't buy it...feels like a bad port.Oh waitThis game doesn't really control well and everything just feels so cheesy in that awful ""Get this crap away from me"" feel.I regret buying this, this game was an absolute moneygrab when it came out on the xbox, because there was no minecraft and a lot of little kids wanted to play minecraft so they begged their parents for fortresscraft, but that strategy just doesn't work on steam because steam is a 13+ only platform."
,Recommended,254200,16665463,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,the Hive Mind Master.,love the game.
,Recommended,254200,30638544,Posted: 20 March,all,WoonaIsAstelle,i require help i am loading my worlds through the cutsceen of the spacestation getting destroyed when it is about to get destroyed my game freezes and fails to respond i have reinstalled the game and verified the game files and the same thing happens ive even lowerd the graphics and put it in windowed mode still no change to the error please can you try to fix this   i am playing on the regular version im not in any beta  thanks          also i still reccomend this game as ive gotten to play it once for a hour and it was worth it
76561198002451396,Not Recommended,254200,31207289,Posted: 17 April,all,AluminumFoil,"Not that great, huge learning curve... would have refunded it, but took longer than the 2 hour deadline to realise that the tutorial sucks, and that the game is not nearly as fun as minecraft.  Guess I'm stuck with a crappy game I won't play in my inventory"
,Not Recommended,254200,33365405,Posted: 7 July,all,Nathan - Lithia,Multiplayer is a buggy mess
,Not Recommended,254200,13290410,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,sonnenrad,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, at least teach me how to survive and not spawn me out of a ♥♥♥♥ing crate in the sky.The worst part is the ♥♥♥♥ing audio is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and loud as ♥♥♥♥.Minecraft but even worse"
76561198018837289,Not Recommended,254200,22591829,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Grotz110,"If this was an Early Access game, I would be gobsmacked. However as a full release, there are some glaring flaws I noticed in just the first hour.Foremost, the tutorial for a game this complicated should continue through the first five hours, lightly stepping in whenever the player encounters a new mechanic to explain it. I spent over an hour in this game trying to do one thing, and one thing only. I wanted to automate power transmission from the main generator to the coal mining drill, and subsequently automate coal transmission from the drill to the generator that burns it. In over an hour, I came no closer to figuring this out than I did watching the video at the top of the page.Secondly, the crafting system interface needs to be scrapped and redone. Impossible to find crafting requirements without more than a minute of searching through menus and lists, meanwhile 60 percent of the screen is taken up by ridiculous ""sci-fi"" window borders that do LITERALLY NOTHING AT ALL. If you are going to copy minecraft, at least copy the parts that were user friendly.Thirdly, do you know why blocks take a few seconds to break in minecraft, but appear instantaneously when building? ITS BECAUSE IT WARNS YOU WHEN YOU HAVE ACCIDENTALLY DONE THE WRONG ACTION. I spent more time than I can measure switching from the thing I actually WANTED to build back to BLOCKS OF DIRT just to fill in A HOLE I DIDNT MEAN TO DIG. This is utterly ridiculous.HOWEVERThe concept has incredible potential. Adding automation and base defense to a minecraft style operation creates both drama and empowerment, and it would be something I REALLY want to enjoy, but these initial issues with the OBSCENE learning curve, clunky interface, and other oversights overshadow a very good idea. Fix these issues and the game will improve.2/5"
,Not Recommended,254200,9857100,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,iSmile02,"This game is amazing. Well, that's what I would be saying if the creators of this game even bothered trying to optimize it.This game is so poorly optimized that I literally can't do anything. Also, all the controls, the menu, and the way the game works is just unbelieveably confusing.Please, do not buy this game. It may look good, but believe me, it's horrible.(P.S: My computer is not trash. If the game was optimized, my computer would certainly be able to run this at a good FPS. I can run other games almost exactly like this with very little to no lag.)"
76561198025942356,Not Recommended,254200,34016367,Posted: 4 August,all,Septimus ii,It's just too hard to control the character to get on to the more interesting bits of the game
,Not Recommended,254200,20202353,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,That1Dude,"I tried, I really did. I've seen the accusations that this is ""another minecraft clone"", but I went in with an open mind. I was disapointed and not really surprised that I was.Let's skip past the name, since we all know about that issue, and look at the gameplay.If you took a poor resolution minecraft texture pack, added rejected alien and weapon models from Garry's Mod, and threw the Tekkit mod in for some more ""originality"", you are left with Fortresscraft.- Gameplay is slow- Block textures are disappointing- Objects that are not a copy/paste from Minecraft texture packs do not fit the ""feel"" at all. Seriously, you are standing on blocky voxels but then pull out a Doom64-like building gun.- Did I mention the game is slow?The only part that caught my eye was the conveyour and automation system.Also, if you look up any interview involving the dev, you will see the kind of person he is and you probably won't want to support this type of dev.No you won't this game in my library because I hit the ""REFUND"" buton an hour in."
76561198052388186,Not Recommended,254200,20679337,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Aglet Green,"I don't know whether I liked this game or not.  This is the first game like this that I ever played.  I never played Minecraft or Factorio, and my one attempt at Terraria left me lost and confused.  So I simply found this game too difficult, as it appears to assume knowledge on my part that I simply don't have.  I had no issues with the game as far as bugs or whatever: for what it is the game seems to be working as intended and doing what it's doing.  I don't know whether to recommend this or not, as it was simply beyond me.    I suppose if you like 'simulations' instead of games you might like this; it appears to accurately simulate (without Fitz/Simmons) how to not survive on an alien world.  Maybe it's fun; I just don't know."
,Recommended,254200,23699191,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Death Sektor,Why are you lookng at the reviews? JUST GET THE GAME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,254200,28149374,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mr. Nytemare,This Game does not work it is broken GIVE ME A REFUND
76561198146554141,Not Recommended,254200,30076086,Posted: 21 February,all,mw3isbeast,The multiplayer would be great if it would stop kicking my friend from packetloss
,Not Recommended,254200,24618830,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,wow DLCs? are you kidding.yah coz thats better. sell more dlc's instead of improving the main game.isnt the child-fanboy community worse enough ?how to improve the game you say ? how about making the dlc's ( which are more expensive then the main game it self )  PART of the main game.ps i play offline so dont look at my stupid play time.so finish this EA (unfinished) game before you get greedy and add DLCs.
,Recommended,254200,25626041,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,SpringLeader,factorio and minecraft had a baby whose big brother sucked and this is all thats left of the divorce
76561198297169841,Recommended,254200,32832188,Posted: 26 June,all,oh boy,Its good. Thats all I have to say. Because I dont know what to say.
76561198030702555,Not Recommended,254200,29534295,Posted: 27 January,all,Porcupine,"Start game, first thing to look for: Settings menu...  Ok; there is none.Guess I'll go create a world (no other available options).  Start typing in the world seed, go to click ""ok"", mouse cursor has vanished... Ok, so it's gonna be like that, eh?  Hit ""enter"", mouse is back... Strange way to start things off.  All menu's to this point are waaayy too big (playing on a 43"" 4k monitor), but yeah, whatever, I'll probably find the settings in-game.Start the game, watch the initial cutscene which I guess trying to explain what's going on?  Get into the tutorial, but have absolutely no clue what to do, anywhere.  There's zero consistency in the presentation of information, no idea what the keys are (as I didn't find a settings menu before starting to check!), and the tutorial is pretty vague.  Information is arbitrarily displayed when your cursor is over random items, but there's nothing to really direct you.  I patch together some basic directions (pretty sure I missed half of course), one screen tells me to craft something, which I do from a menu (without the slightest clue as to its material requirements, purpose, or process), and bam, the tutorial ends... wait... what?Absolutely nothing learned in the first 15 minutes of the game.  I figure out how to ""dig"", make a hole (figure why not?), can't get out, tutorial didn't cover that (or anything else really).Whatever.  Enough for now, Exit game. Screen whines something about trying to compress something or other... Let it run for 30 seconds... Says you can exit, but nothing is clickable (even if it was, none of the buttons display when being pressed, etc.).  No progress, alt+tab / force-close.This game needs a serious tutorial/UI overhaul before it's worth wasting any time.  FWIW, I can manage to build asparagus staged rockets in KSP, I've finished Factorio (*with* bobs mods), etc.   The basics of a tutorial/etc. should be well within my capability to grasp, yet somehow, the first 20 minutes of this game were about as clear as mud.[update - 01-Mar-2017]:Well, I took the plunge and gave it another go.  I reset the world, played the tutorial up to the point it dropped the shield.  Honestly  -- it looks exactly the same as it did before.The UI is absolutely terrible in every regard.  Maybe it's my 43"" monitor/4k resolution -- but the text is enormous, the dialogue boxes are all at minimum opacity with crap going on directly behind them, the fact that all of the icons are fuzzy and look like excessively-inflated 16 bit art that doesn't match the rest of the landscape rendered in ""fantastic"" mode.The tutorial gives you a set of directives that you follow because you're told to, not because they provide any compelling narrative, or stitch together actual game mechanics, etc.And then at the end of this little mini tutorial, there's a robot floating off to your left, with the text ""press h [blah blah blah]"", but when you turn to look at him, he perpetually shifts away to sit in your peripheral (and the text rotates away, so if you missed it, you can't read it now).Bottom line, DjArcas: have an actual UI dev take a poke at your game, if you can't draw somebody in during the first 15 minutes of gameplay, then they're never going to discover what's beneath the hood, and that's your lost/flipped sales at the end of the day."
76561198145152740,Not Recommended,254200,29287926,Posted: 15 January,all,Firemonster125,"Bought this to play with my friend.The game runs great, but I cant play multiplayer without me constantly getting bugs and not to mention it randomly crashes.The Tutorial is abseloute garbage, it gives you just a itsy bitsy part of the actual game and then leaves you to take about a day of watching youtube tutorials."
,Not Recommended,254200,21707464,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,T@F,i'm not sure why it gets good reviews as the game is not very good.imo I would say don't  buy this at all.
,Not Recommended,254200,17125633,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Timoweic,"Honestly, get this ♥♥♥♥ing robot out of our faces. its ♥♥♥♥ing annoying... block scanner will destroy your eyes if you were to click the button more than once.All the watermarks everywhere ""early access"" blah blah, get that♥♥♥♥♥♥off the game, it is awful looking.Save yourself money, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,254200,16633881,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Atrex,Fortress craft evolved was all but pitiful in my opinion in the time i played i couldet get anything done my spawn was awful the games un optimal user seting where horid but worst of all you could do anything almost right away you didnt  realy have to progress and the game realy just became dull from there so i was happy to return the game and get a refund it was not realy my slice of cake maybe it will be for you
76561198116197473,Not Recommended,254200,17609590,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TheForsakened,"looks like it has potential but it is really confusing, mabye dumb it down a bit or make a better tutorial."
76561197970142476,Not Recommended,254200,16433363,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NcokeO,No updates ithat actually mater. no bioms no nothing this is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,254200,30780620,Posted: 27 March,all,Kulik,"It looked cool from the trailer, and for 4 bucks I wasn't gonna complain, but its not my cup of tea. Kinda slow and hard to comprehend. I also played it for like, a little less than an hour tho. Oh well right? Have fun."
,Recommended,254200,33823337,Posted: 26 July,all,Maga,Das ist gut
76561198051423088,Not Recommended,254200,16885345,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,PenguinTheStrong,Got Stuck in a Endless oblivion. 10/10 Would get trapped again.
76561198145527537,Not Recommended,254200,21355652,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,HeavensDragon123,"Its a good game, but I cant for the life of me get it to unfullscreen then it lags my laptop out. it doent work for me. Its a good game but i cant play it and cant get a refund even when i tryed to get a refund when i first got it."
,Not Recommended,254200,22221507,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mufti,"Attrocious controls, attrocious graphics, attrocious tutorial, attrocious combat.  I really wish they would slap a ""made in Unity"" warning tag on these turds.Update; I have been repeatedly harassed by the developers for posting a negative review.  Neat."
,Not Recommended,254200,21697535,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Cuffs,"Warning! This game does not offer ""VR Support"" illegal false advertisement!"
,Not Recommended,254200,30817242,Posted: 29 March,all,Craft4,"I tried Fortress Craft for the first time ... i use a non-standard keyboard layout.- All tutorials just show the standard keybindings- Changing keybindings is ONLY allowed before starting the game!!!- You can have multiple actions bound to a single key, only one will work, no warning ... nothing.- I use ""u"" to walk forward usually. The only binding for this key is ""Walk forward"", yet there seems to be still another action bound to ""u"" and i can´t change it at all.And the best comes now ... the keybindings are stored in the Registry as BINARY values.Reset your keybindings? Oh yes ... deinstall the game and delete the registry. Then re-install.Possible a nice game ... really. But i can´t recommend it, because i can´t play it.So if you are not using a standard keyboard layout and the default keys - you will run into trouble with this game."
76561198074807800,Not Recommended,254200,32108799,Posted: 1 June,all,josiah7819,"If you've never played minecraft, this game might seem interesting, in the beginning."
76561198040922205,Not Recommended,254200,26717066,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rozakhary83,no
76561198006925584,Not Recommended,254200,22278187,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,werb123,"Started playing the game, went through the tutrial moved around a bit and didn't liek the controls.  Went to main menu, no controls there, had to close the game and start it up and before clicking play change the controls on there.  Fixed what I didn't like, played a bit more, noticed I had a key mapped to multiple actions (Shouldn't it stop me from doing that?).  closed the game reopened to change the controls back to default.  Find there is no reset button to do that.Redownloaded game, and left the controls normal.  Started a new game, went through tutrial.  still no idea how anything works, or how to collect things (walking over them didn't work all the time).  No idea what the power is for, or how to get more.Went into creative, no idea how to make conveyor belts or anything in there, none of the blocks I can place are anything but blocks, and all of them float. Glass isn't see through, but there is a rocket window that is.  There are also multipule blocks that are either ""Testing"" or have no graphic on them, and I couldn't even place TNT.Maybe I'm missing something, but I couldn't do anything, and there arn't any helpful guides that I found either.Edit:Uninstalled and reinstalled, started up a new game on the standard settings.  Couldn't finish the tutorial because I died of hypotherma, but did notice a new exctractor thing.  Also when I looked at the big thing in front of me (CPH) and pressed ""e"" like it said nothing would happen."
,Not Recommended,254200,18137022,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Flatmush,"This isn't a game, and it's leaving early access next patch. I would avoid like the plague, even if you do like this kind of game, there are so many arbitrary timers that you just spend all game waiting instead of actually playing."
76561198197165705,Not Recommended,254200,19825005,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,CrazyDog,Not Good Dont Buy
76561197978351003,Not Recommended,254200,30786339,Posted: 27 March,all,USS Defiant,"I tried it, but didn't even get past the ""help"" area.  It reminds me of a cheap browser game.  It tries to be 3D, but there's this delay to everything you do.  There just doesn't seem to be that much point to this."
76561198202640780,Not Recommended,254200,17693278,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,killer-miller98,this is a very disappointing game. its no where near as fun as the 360 version. Till you make it fun will i purchase this again. Also great way to test out the refund system :)
76561198312312312,Recommended,254200,25328901,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,cooldude78,it did not work for me for a will
,Not Recommended,254200,22073486,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,| ८८ɱ | ८૦Րқ,fps needs to be higher
,Not Recommended,254200,29121606,Posted: 8 January,all,Puddi_UK,"Perhaps there's a good game under the surface? I tried this on the recommendation of a colleague who described it as something of a mash-up of Factorio and Tower Defense games (which sounded awesome).However, it's inexcusible to have such terrible control options:Bad: The controls are only bindable from the launcher and can't  be displayed in game, let alone rebound.Worse: The prompts in the tutorial don't reflect any keybind changes and there's a good number of keys.Awful: because it's a Steam game, you can't launch multiple instances so the only way I could check my controls was to fully exit the game and then restart it - utterly ridiculous.Even if there is a good game under the covers the barrier to entry is such a pain I just can't be bothered. However, if you're happy with WASD and whatever default controls the game throws at you, you might have better luck."
,Not Recommended,254200,29305970,Posted: 16 January,all,✫ Aionion,"////// EDIT - Update for Patch 16 - see bottom //////It's a wildly popular game, and I'm sure this will be a wildly unpopular review, particularly with the short amount of time I've spent with it...but that is simply because the game is NOT friendly to new players, whatsoever.  There is a tutorial, but it is perhaps the single most confusing and least helpful tutorial of any video game in existence.  The player is thrown into the tutorial which does not explain anything whatsoever and instead, just tells you what buttons to press (without explaining what you are doing and why you must do it).There are in game pages you can read (like a reference), but that assumes the player as the patience to actually read through it all. It's 2017. Relatively complex games come with in-game tutorials,  This one doesn't and thus, only those who are extremely patient are likely to take an interest in it.For me, there is too much competition out there (other games) to be forced to learn the mechanics of this one. IMHO, lack of proper tutorial in a game like this is a sign of development laziness. There is no excuse for it.////// EDIT ////////Played the updated tutorial after Patch 16. It is better. However I didn't get far with it. It tells you to place the Holo-Laser Power Transmitter. Yet no such thing exists. I did find some sort of Power Transmitter in my inventory so I placed that, nothing happened...the quest didn't go away.So I placed another one, perhaps I just placed it wrong? When I did, the game crashed.It's a mess."
,Not Recommended,254200,18777649,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Xenon|PFS society.gg,bad
76561197972030890,Not Recommended,254200,23619490,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Arcturus,This game is a huge waste of time.Don't listen to players making apologies for it. This game is not nearly polished enough to have left early access.It's not fun. It's just overly tedious and a waste of your time.
76561197998810833,Not Recommended,254200,21538861,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fuzzydaug,awful
76561198032227157,Not Recommended,254200,24725624,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Thargol,Needs a better tutorial before buying!
76561198144204466,Not Recommended,254200,35027898,Posted: 17 September,all,Awesomesauce957,Multiplayer doesnt work
76561198122338798,Not Recommended,254200,28901717,Posted: 1 January,all,xzavoral,"Terrible gameplay, constantly crashes fulscreen (only playable at 1080p windowed). Crashes on exiting the game also. Tries to compress the saved gamefile into archives which takes about 10-15 minutes everytime it saves.Ingame mechanics are not explained in the game so you need to watch videos and search web how to actually play the game.It tries to be minecraft, but fails because you cannot venture too far because of energy. Objects have incredibly annoying texture if you play on anything higher than 1080 monitor, unlike minecraft where they were simple but worked. These use highly saturated colors so if you have high contrast monitor it actually hurts your eyes to watch the game (you need to reduce the saturation to about 40%).Overall very badly designed game, a wannabe minecraft-like game with advanced tech but at the end is more annoying, with highly confusing gameplay and dont forget many hotkeys, you basicaly need to use whole keyboard to do one thing."
,Not Recommended,254200,12161656,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Inkling,"WAY TOO COMPLICATED, THIS GAME IS ONLY FOR SMARTASSES THAT DONT HAVE LIVES,"
,Not Recommended,254200,28580546,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,//SE-ZENARCHY,Creative mode doesnt work. Stupid mission report screen saying something went wrong that is impossible to get rid of. Impossible to play.
,Not Recommended,254200,18981062,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Teleprovider,"I bought this game since a year ago, released and indentified as ""New"". Today, I find FortressCraft Evolved labeled as New today. Screw you!This game is crap. The mining concepts are terrible dues to poor lighting system underground. The spider mobs at those time was broken. The mining machine and related were unbalanced.Sorry, it is a bad copy cat of Minecraft when it just one of the troll developer wanting to ride off someone's money in the name of sandbox.Comment posted about his bad game""Is it finished?No.Part of the reason for leaving Early Access is the massive change in the Steam landscape since we entered Early Access.Touted as a place to put unfinished games and get feedback from the community, many games haven't lived up to this expectation, with broken games, abandoned games and 'oh we aren't making enough money to finish it, it's done now!' games. You know who you are ;)""On the contrary, you are doing it because noone buying your crappy game which placed your game as ""New"" courtesy of Steam's milk maid method of earning money.Wink all you want but you need to find a new job and stop using deceit to collect fresh money. You probably saying, I won't polish or update anything until someone give me money. Bull. You are just lazy."
,Not Recommended,254200,17226265,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,AnInnealtoir92,After seeing the Dev cover up the truth and how he treats the gamers. I am completely done with this game now. Honestly everyone needs a refund for this.
,Not Recommended,254200,20270418,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,satscape,"Played this for 10 hours and my eyes hurt. The default lights in the game are yellow and you cannot change that color unless you buy some DLC. Requested a refund and turned down, because I've played over 2 hours. So my advice watch some youtube videos of people playing the game for 5 hours, full screen and see if the yellow EVERYWHERE bothers you, if not, buy the game and enjoy. Better still, save your money and buy Factorio (not on steam yet) it's basically the same game, but without the awful lighting. I've played 400+ hours on that game, no eye strain.Remember kids: Pirate a game before you buy it to save wasting money."
,Not Recommended,254200,22816653,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,kiNdA_busy,"The game is not properly advertised. They should advertise those hours of digging deep underground manually ,, before you can actually can start building anything. By deep I mean up to 850 m or more.Copper -5 to -850Tin -5 to -850Iron -65 to -850Lithium -160 to -850Gold -300 to -1500Titanium -300 to -1500Nickel -300 to -1500"
,Not Recommended,254200,28812366,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,spootyshiznit,confusingtutorial is a jokestalls/near crashes every so oftenpoorly optimizedhorrid UI designcan't accsess/remind yourself what key does what unless you are in the main menumain menu is just as bad to navigate/look atto name a few..
,Not Recommended,254200,28283542,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,lexorin,"If you are thinking of buying this because it seems like minecraft in space then don't. Go back to minecraft as minecraft loves you and this abortion does not. Anything that could be considered a quality of life improvment appears to have been purposly removed expressly to make things harder.On the other hand, if you are an OCD sperglord then this game will be your jam. Normal people will quickly realize that the dev and the game both hate you and want you to fail.Also features a lot of bugs, hooray!"
,Not Recommended,254200,16584773,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ercSteve,"Just, no."
,Not Recommended,254200,18084765,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Herr Riebmann,This game sucks. Seriously. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,254200,31426381,Posted: 28 April,all,Kariu,"Fun, but if you're looking into a game with rewarding experience this isn't one. The endgoal is pretty weak and the updates are incredibly slow."
76561198151886326,Not Recommended,254200,28591093,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,noraxi,a sh*t tone of problemes = a sh*ty game
,Not Recommended,254200,18882513,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Reckliss,"This game is pretty bad. I gave it a shot before and after major updates, and it's just depressingly bad. As soon as I made it through the clunky tutorial, the first thing I see is some random giant robot near spawn with it's limbs freaking out. When I went to investigate, I noticed the ""feet"" wear moving along the ground with the limbs flying in every direction. There was also no collision box with the entity... Anyways, I just felt like in both cases this game repelled me from any desire to really advance in the tech and get immersed.It's also worth noting the lacking visual impact of the intro cinematic. You'd think an exploding space station would be interesting, but nope."
,Not Recommended,254200,8790733,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,scrambles,This game is MEH
76561198049017979,Not Recommended,254200,9542198,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MurdersBane,unless you are looking to buy all games on steam id avoid this game if i where you.Unless Of Courseyou enjoy unplayable games that hog your pc's memory to hell1/2 the blocks in the game wont even be visible.Survival mode is more just an altered creative mode with a♥♥♥♥♥♥story and♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay...everything seems broken or very lacking in the game.ALL of the menus seem to be PLACEHOLDERS not even real menus.and the community is even WORSE then the game itself.
76561198034568184,Not Recommended,254200,24364293,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/DaHedgehog27,Good take on a sandbox voxel style game but horrendous coding.This sums it up - No return to main menu button.
,Not Recommended,254200,32329443,Posted: 10 June,all,Flipington,"its like a really bad version of minecraft set in space... Like, really bad.Hopefully i get a refund lol"
,Recommended,254200,22917385,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,NutelaCreeper17,"Process:               FortressCraft [5384]Path:                  /Users/USER/Library/ApplicationSupport/Steam/*/FortressCraft.app/Contents/MacOS/FortressCraftIdentifier:            unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraftVersion:               Unity Player version 5.3.4f1 (5.3.4f1)Code Type:             X86-64 (Native)Parent Process:        ??? [1]Responsible:           FortressCraft [5384]User ID:               502Date/Time:             2016-05-11 15:52:32.684 -0500OS Version:            Mac OS X 10.11.2 (15C50)Report Version:        11Anonymous UUID:        13C70AB8-7BBA-DED0-532A-E1E0BC1F7782Time Awake Since Boot: 3000 secondsSystem Integrity Protection: enabledCrashed Thread:        9  UnityGfxDeviceWorkerException Type:        EXC_CRASH (SIGABRT)Exception Codes:       0x0000000000000000, 0x0000000000000000Exception Note:        EXC_CORPSE_NOTIFYApplication Specific Information:abort() calledApplication Specific Signatures:Graphics hardware encountered an error and was reset: 0x0000001fThread 0:: MainThrd  Dispatch queue: com.apple.main-thread0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b333c2 semaphore_wait_trap + 101   libdispatch.dylib             	0x00007fff96faebe6 _dispatch_semaphore_wait_slow + 2242   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x00000001010f07bb GfxDeviceClient::BeginFrame() + 913   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100aa9415 PlayerRender(bool) + 1974   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100aaa226 PlayerLoop(bool, bool, IHookEvent*) + 23905   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000101073fa6 -[PlayerAppDelegate UpdatePlayer] + 2466   com.apple.Foundation          	0x00007fff9da5585b __NSFireTimer + 957   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8ee3cbc4 __CFRUNLOOP_IS_CALLING_OUT_TO_A_TIMER_CALLBACK_FUNCTION__ + 208   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8ee3c853 __CFRunLoopDoTimer + 10759   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8eebae6a __CFRunLoopDoTimers + 29810  com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8edf7cd1 __CFRunLoopRun + 184111  com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8edf7338 CFRunLoopRunSpecific + 29612  com.apple.HIToolbox           	0x00007fff998a1935 RunCurrentEventLoopInMode + 23513  com.apple.HIToolbox           	0x00007fff998a176f ReceiveNextEventCommon + 43214  com.apple.HIToolbox           	0x00007fff998a15af _BlockUntilNextEventMatchingListInModeWithFilter + 7115  com.apple.AppKit              	0x00007fff8a3a10ee _DPSNextEvent + 106716  com.apple.AppKit              	0x00007fff8a76d943 -[NSApplication _nextEventMatchingEventMask:untilDate:inMode:dequeue:] + 45417  com.apple.AppKit              	0x00007fff8a396fc8 -[NSApplication run] + 68218  com.apple.AppKit              	0x00007fff8a319520 NSApplicationMain + 117619  unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000101072aae PlayerMain(int, char const**) + 63820  unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100001834 start + 52Thread 1:: Dispatch queue: com.apple.libdispatch-manager0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b39ff6 kevent_qos + 101   libdispatch.dylib             	0x00007fff96fa9099 _dispatch_mgr_invoke + 2162   libdispatch.dylib             	0x00007fff96fa8d01 _dispatch_mgr_thread + 52Thread 2:0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b396de __workq_kernreturn + 101   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3729 _pthread_wqthread + 12832   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1365 start_wqthread + 13Thread 3:0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b396de __workq_kernreturn + 101   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3729 _pthread_wqthread + 12832   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1365 start_wqthread + 13Thread 4:Thread 5:0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b333c2 semaphore_wait_trap + 101   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101ddeb2c mono_sem_wait + 352   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101d322a9 finalizer_thread + 1273   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101da57c2 start_wrapper + 4574   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101dd56c5 thread_start_routine + 2185   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101dfbd9d GC_start_routine + 966   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3c13 _pthread_body + 1317   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3b90 _pthread_start + 1688   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1375 thread_start + 13Thread 6:: BatchDeleteObjects0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b333c2 semaphore_wait_trap + 101   libdispatch.dylib             	0x00007fff96faebe6 _dispatch_semaphore_wait_slow + 2242   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100b8b15b ThreadedStreamBuffer::HandleReadOverflow(unsigned int&, unsigned int&) + 2993   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100aa2bb0 BatchDeleteStep2Threaded(void*) + 804   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100b89d5a Thread::RunThreadWrapper(void*) + 585   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3c13 _pthread_body + 1316   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3b90 _pthread_start + 1687   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1375 thread_start + 13Thread 7:: AsyncReadManager0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b333c2 semaphore_wait_trap + 101   libdispatch.dylib             	0x00007fff96faebe6 _dispatch_semaphore_wait_slow + 2242   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100bc4c39 AsyncReadManagerThreaded::ThreadEntry() + 1533   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100bc4979 AsyncReadManagerThreaded::StaticThreadEntry(void*) + 94   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100b89d5a Thread::RunThreadWrapper(void*) + 585   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3c13 _pthread_body + 1316   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3b90 _pthread_start + 1687   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1375 thread_start + 13Thread 8:: UnityLookForNewInputDevices0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b33386 mach_msg_trap + 101   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b327c7 mach_msg + 552   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8edf8624 __CFRunLoopServiceMachPort + 2123   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8edf7aec __CFRunLoopRun + 13564   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8edf7338 CFRunLoopRunSpecific + 2965   com.apple.CoreFoundation      	0x00007fff8eeba1f1 CFRunLoopRun + 976   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000101083421 LookForNewDevices(void*) + 4017   unity.ProjectorGames.FortressCraft	0x0000000100b89d5a Thread::RunThreadWrapper(void*) + 588   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3c13 _pthread_body + 1319   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a3b90 _pthread_start + 16810  libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a1375 thread_start + 13Thread 9 Crashed:: UnityGfxDeviceWorker0   libsystem_kernel.dylib        	0x00007fff97b39002 __pthread_kill + 101   libsystem_pthread.dylib       	0x00007fff8e4a55c5 pthread_kill + 902   libsystem_c.dylib             	0x00007fff998376e7 abort + 1293   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101cb8f55 mono_handle_native_sigsegv + 7234   libmono.0.dylib               	0x0000000101d05a95 sigabrt_signal_handler + 975   libsystem_platform.dylib      	0x00007fff987eaeaa _sigtramp + 266   ???                           	0x000000014281c38c 0 + 54107677567   libsystem_c.dylib             	0x00007fff998376e7 abort + 1298   libGPUSupportMercury.dylib    	0x00007fff90093e5c gpusGenerateCrashLog + 1589   com.apple.GeForceGLDriver     	0x00007fff8fa34e17 0x7fff8f814000 + 223183110  libGPUSupportMercury.dylib    	0x00007fff90095361 gpusSubmitDataBuffers + 51111  com.apple.GeForceGLDriver     	0x00007fff8fb28f3c 0x7fff8f814000 + 323154812  com.apple.GeForceGLDriver     	0x00007fff8fb292c0 gldPresentFramebufferData + 41713  GLEngine                      	0x00007fff8af99c81 glSwap_Exec + 9714  com.apple.opengl              	0x00007fff96b9fff6 CGLFlushDrawable + 6615  gameoverlayr"
,Not Recommended,254200,20910113,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jörmungandr,2/10 -dumb as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,254200,30303240,Posted: 3 March,all,Starjuice weeb :D,"So I was playing as normal, exploring the world, I found a ore to make power cells. Then next day, My main part of my base GONE. So i could not do anything to that world and I am angry at this game."
,Not Recommended,254200,18219901,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SuperKai64,"Controls like a commodore 64,"
,Not Recommended,254200,29644559,Posted: 2 February,all,Shiroyasha,"I got the game, as a lover of factory building games, and tower defense games, and the likeI pick up these types of games with relatively low expectations, if I can get a few days of enjoyment out of them hey, I'm relatively fine with that, but I have to say the developer of this game has made a completely unenjoyable game that many have picked up with hope for what it could be.the (lone) developer's attitude ammounting to this: I'm not doing it wrong, and my game is just as good as or better than x other game, people are just too stupid to realize itrather than accepting the fact that he has made an unenjoyable game that's idea of content is long ginds and waits, where you are forced to play longer than steam's main refund policy in before you can even begin to realize how little (and unenjoyable) content the game really has.whats more, rather than properly fixing their game, when an issue showed up relating to directX and unity, rather than fixing than putting out a patch to fix the problem, instead he left people to dig for the fix, even if he did post the fix, it is extremely poor customer servicerelating to the developers live streams, which I've frequently watched both him and streamers he was talking to while they played.the developer of this game uses being a 'lone developer' as an excuse constantly, despite constantly going on about how great his game is doing, if the game is doing as well as he says it is, he can afford to hire proper helpthe developer has reached to point of unsulting those people who have been unsatisfied with the game giving negative reveiws calling them 'abusive' and with ill intentthe maker of this game has no intention of delivering on this game, he slapped together a game, perhaps with good intentions at the start, but he slapped a 'finished' label on it as though that 'finished' label would magicly make people happy with the gamehis attitude towards the people who play his game, is that he shouldn't need to update it, and we should be happy he gives us anything since he decided the game was 'finished' 16 major patches ago, and describes those patches were 'free content' despite the fact that the game was marked as being 'completed' when it was no where near it, and his attitude suggests he could just abandon the game and run with the money if he chose to.now for the POSITIVE (yes there is a positive): the most recent patch, PATCH 16, seems to be a shift in the right direction, polishing the game in a way that fortresscraft has long neededthat developer still has a bad attitude, but watching his interactions with steamers suggest that slap from reallity is coming, and he is at the beginning of seeing it cominghe talks about how his game would be so much greater if people would just stream and post videos of it more, meanwhile he goes on to their streams and insults them when they do to the point that the big youtubers that took interest in the game in the early stages, now completely ignore his requests. ( in the recent stream by cpw, a well known developer of numerous very well known mods for other games, the djarcas (the developer of forgresscraft) spent a great deal of time saying it wasn't his fault that the person playing was stupid, when the game did a poor job of explaining what needed to be done )now to wrap things up, I've seen enough upstart developers in my own personal work who later got a nice slap in the face from reallity, I'll wait things out a bit and give them time, but the developer of this game needs a serious reallity check if this game is ever to be recomended by me, even as insiginficant as that will likely sound, telling your customers that they are wrong for disliking what you've done with the game is and extremely poor buisness practice."
,Not Recommended,254200,30780772,Posted: 27 March,all,Sovier,It was pretty♥♥♥♥♥and boring
76561198162963691,Not Recommended,254200,17638619,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,jnobrien,what do i do this game sucks
76561198012711073,Not Recommended,254200,22461516,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ndmo,Meh...
76561198256854382,Not Recommended,254200,32479711,Posted: 16 June,all,mweiser,"This game was not very good, I stopped playing do the the fact that is ""says"" it is compatible with mac. It's not! To laggy!"
76561197995953920,Not Recommended,254200,28679164,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,0000FF,"Woah is all i can say, what a pile of crap"
,Not Recommended,254200,18129518,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Heisenberg (Walter White),this game it bu ll sh it i want my money backdo not buy this game
,Not Recommended,254200,25314483,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Deathstroke,i cant even play the game it keeps saying download the multipleyer dlc i leave to find the dlc and there is no dlc to be found please help
76561197970392436,Recommended,254200,18974340,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Huron Schwarzherz,"Nice Game, i Love it"
76561198097901498,Not Recommended,254200,31695312,Posted: 11 May,all,Skripty,not very fun to me. I just don't know how to play. Maybe look up some tutorials before you buy.
76561198034851198,Not Recommended,254200,17641858,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,💢 Leo 💢,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,254200,28741771,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,andyshun63,"With Asus Rog GL552JX with 8GB of ram, I can't understand why i being forced closed after enter the world"
76561197964790225,Not Recommended,254200,28979986,Posted: 3 January,all,podge,"While I'm not sure if this is abandonded, it is certainly unfinished garbage. The initial tutorial does very little hand holding, then just dumps you in the game. The client frequently crashes (to be fair, this may or may not be related to hardware issues when my graphics card gets hot), but half the time launching the game will cause it to freeze. I can't join multi-player as the network thread immediately crashes when I try to join. I feel like there's a lot of depth to the tech tree, but I'm still yet to get past tin and copper. *IF* I manage to find tin and copper near my starting location, I'm then stuck unable to find any higher level metals to progress with.EDIT: So after several restarts, and by switching from Mac to Windows, the game is getting better. I'm actually making progress now and starting to unlock the tech tree. I'm seeing more of the game now, but the initial learning curve is very steep, and the game doesn't hold your hand at all. Unless you're willing to be reading forums and searching wikis, you're going to find the start of the game hard."
76561198178320663,Not Recommended,254200,33471606,Posted: 11 July,all,(o.W.n) Dimensional Star,this game is too hard on the controls
76561198037432762,Not Recommended,254200,21095529,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,tetkris,"Game not playable at the moment, this is very very very early acces ??? Tons of bugs and stupid ideas. Resets chunks bugs, very stupid work storage hoppers and mass storage, (why dont make chests ???) . Weak optimization frame per second. This game is only clone ""Minecraft"" with technic mods and ""Factorio"" Very simple and useless Creative mod. In Minecraft is much better Creative mod."
,Not Recommended,254200,30971513,Posted: 5 April,all,XxEVILxDEEDZxX,"I was charged twice for this game, not sure why. Please Fix."
,Not Recommended,254200,33628860,Posted: 18 July,all,Pharap,"It wanted to be FTB Minecraft, instead it's just a badly made mess."
,Not Recommended,254200,29555768,Posted: 28 January,all,space llama,i was trying to play this game with my friend but all be got was glitches and crashing before we could even play. This game is also a cheap ripoff of factorio and im sad i cant refund it 1/10
,Not Recommended,254200,17842338,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Monday,What
,Not Recommended,254200,26026504,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Neurosys420,"Pretty sure the dev is 10, might finish before they are 30 at this rate... and it will still probably suck."
76561198284938180,Not Recommended,254200,31848507,Posted: 19 May,all,Prototype_RBS_Mk8.185,my laptop can't run this. how do i get a refund for the game?
,Not Recommended,254200,26144495,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SilverJade,Thought it was so♥♥♥♥♥♥I got a refund.
76561197988264944,Not Recommended,254200,24196262,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,JP Mane,Trash
76561198030607210,Not Recommended,254200,26052470,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spirit,meh
76561198009694085,Not Recommended,254200,29335633,Posted: 18 January,all,CMH,"I am frustrated.This is a review of the direction of the game and the developer. Make your decision on a purchase accordingly.I have a factory which I have just spent 100 hours building. With one fell swoop the dev has decided that I will practically need to rebuild my whole power production (by releasing a patch that drastically changes production of fuel). For a factory this size, it is no small chore.After having complained about the lack of warning for this change, I was given in-game suggestions to fix this - again, no small chore redesigning/rebuilding.And basically told to suck it up.To the dev: being ""the only developer"" for the game is NOT an excuse for shoddy, poorly-thought-out decisions and not looking after your gamers.This decision is clearly poorly-thought-out, as you didn't even realise the effect it would have on other systems downstream.And while you maintain your skepticism that I use 300fuel/min, I (and others) have already pointed out you need only 100/min to hit this bottleneck in my game. This furthur shows you have not thought out the effects on games running settings other than default (which are available within the base game).(I might add that 300items/min isn't even the default setting)All I have asked for is a way to roll back the changes via beta-opt-in, which you have previously provided for players for AESTHETIC changes.And as a developer, telling your players to ""stick to facts and you might get a better response"" is a very almighty way of saying ""I don't give a damn"" after all of the above.Like I said, I am frustrated."
76561198001017145,Not Recommended,254200,24342537,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,JS Clifton,"It's the Lord's year of 17 and 2000, but my view is still encumberred by Superman 64 fog."
,Not Recommended,254200,16700578,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,BACKBONE,"What a grindfest. I cant recommend this to anyone, unless you love grinding for a few hours just to get a simple system running. Its not even rewarding when you build a system, cause you gotta grind out that system in ordewr to get the materials to make the next system. Try it, you will get a massive headache trying to run back and fourth trying to craft things that require 9999 different components to make.This game should have a very simple crafting system, and more complicated systems and gadgets.Instead the crafting system is drawn out to make the game longer and to make the game seem like it has more content."
76561198277457903,Recommended,254200,26303661,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Goz1ra,Long mining/factory/tower defense game but best game I've played.  Needs guides. Auto-farm the hive minds and know what you are doing before building the C5 or start over after 400 hours. (cryoplasm sucks as it should) Take advantage of H.I.E.S.T to start and turn your destop off for the night to collect ore.
,Not Recommended,254200,13639614,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,magmaniac,It's not Minecraft.1/10
,Recommended,254200,20032600,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Shooter32073,"For Me The Controls Are Confusing And It Is Very Laggy , And Confusing in genral. (i got a crap computer (windows 8 laptop , for dayz 6FPS so get a good idea *in very low graphics)/\|Thats old ignore thatNew post changesI have upgraded my computer still confusingKeemstar invested in in thisand its not that bad in the long scheme of thingsbutHowever there is 1 flawI have no idea what the, now excuse my french, THE ♥♥♥♥ I AM DOING!There is one thing I hateI have a 1000 dollar pc rig and you're telling me I cap out at 25fps when i have it set to 60 with max graphics(in my base)otherwise is it an unstable 30-50 without max and medium to high graphics not around my base and around my base"
76561198027567339,Recommended,254200,19728396,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,denis.tsyplakov,"Awesome game. If you like sandbox games like Minecraft, Space Engineers and Terraria this game is absolute must. Recommend 10/10.Probably games need more stuff like ores, materials, enemies, etc, but is already awesome and evolving."
,Recommended,254200,16110789,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,PhoenixDIE,"Edit : This game has come a LONG damn way. Lots of updates in the past 6-12 months and has Progressed forward since they have hit release!. Glad to see the game added some newb friendly features to help the newer players get deeper into this game. Nice work guys. Changed a Neg review to a positive one! Well done.Old Review >Would really like to say more about this game, but It needs work. All i can really say.<"
,Recommended,254200,20290145,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,hellatze,this game is too nice past several years.believe me. its good. because dev always listen to comunitty.
76561197967328250,Recommended,254200,29237761,Posted: 13 January,all,puffy_fluff,"Edit: After fixing the crashes and the build gun always firing problem - the game is back to fighting trim for me and now am giving it a positive review.  If you want to compare this to Factorio you can and should - they are lots of similarities.  Still the art style and first person perspective are very different.Edit: I had to uninstall and reinstall the game to fix the ""build gun always fire problem"" - now it's back and black."
,Recommended,254200,16841897,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cube,"Updated 5/13/2017This game has changed alot since I last gave it a negative review, and please excuse me developer for comparing this title to minecraft as it's a voxel based game with ""craft"" in the title. While not personally my flavour of game(I was expecting to get a bit into the tower defence heavier and sooner), it is a good example of a logistics style game like Factorio. The game seems to have been updated heavily since my last review; by adding a tutorial and making the game much easier to get into. I am changing my review to positive in the hope this title continues to improve.Edit : Also, you're going to monetize your tutorial videos on youtube that the game tells you to watch? Really?"
76561198286380078,Not Recommended,254200,29701189,Posted: 4 February,all,jojojay.martin,bought this game nearly a year ago. it still constantly crashes and is unplayable.
,Recommended,254200,8744120,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,VelvetCake,basically 3D futuristic factorio
76561197961084868,Not Recommended,254200,26113806,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Maschinenkanone,"The game is an unfinished mess with visual place holders ""under construction"", graphical artifact bugs, help menu with blank pages of text, ""sort of"" working machines etc.   If it wasn't for the steam workshop mods the game would be virtually unplayable.Hope you don't mind a portion of your screen being blocked to advertise the game while it's in beta, er oh wait the game was released over a year ago and the branding logo is still there.  That's right, this developer doesn't give a $hit.I recommend not supporting a developer concerned only with his own interests, disregarding appropriate standards in order to achieve them."
