user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198025423004,Recommended,254320,28238632,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,phil,"The good news: you came out of cryogenic suspension in good health.The bad news: you're critically low on supplies.The good news: there are plenty of other vessels within range.The bad news: they're all derelict.The good news: you have a fleet of salvage drones you can send into the derelicts to gather supplies.The bad news: your drones aren't the only things moving around those derelicts. And the other moving things are hostile. And the half-broken infrastructure on those derelicts is prone to fail explosively. And parts of your drones and your ship break too. And your only interaction with the outside world is with the drones. And your only interaction with the drones is through a clunky command-line interface. And you may be the last human alive anywhere. And if your drones die, you're next.So on the balance, it's mostly bad news."
,Not Recommended,254320,29728557,Posted: 5 February,all,Spurdo,"Is Duskers a fun game? Yes. Would I recommend it? No, because of one simple reason:A lack of content with no mod support.Duskers is a little like No Man's Sky in the sense that the first few hours are filled with fun and wonder, but everything afterwards becomes a disappointment because the game turns out to be far more shallow than it initially seemed. As a player, I yearned to explore more of the randomly generated galaxy in Duskers because I wanted to see what other horrors, mods, and derelict types I would encounter in the empty universe - but in the end, it turned out that there was really very little else to see besides what you find in the first couple of hours.Here's a quick rundown of where the content was most lacking:--Enemy types: there's only 4 different enemies. FOUR. They also behave pretty much identically with the exception of the last one.  This was definitely the biggest interest-killer for me.--Derelict types end up mattering very little. Government A? Salvage C? Military B? It really doesn't change the layout in a particularly noticeable fashion, with the only differences being 1-2 extra ship defense turrets or something like that.I really, really wanted to give Duskers a thumbs up - I loved the aesthetic, I loved the atmosphere, and I loved the unique command line interface - but unfortunately, after a few hours, I came to realize that there's really just not enough actual content here, and that's heartbreaking for fans of this niche genre like myself."
,Not Recommended,254320,32373625,Posted: 12 June,all,C-zom,"Note: Played about 15 hours all together, not all on my account.Something can be said about the consistency of reviews for Duskers and I'm afraid that this review will act as a recap of my frustrations, which aren't unique to my perspective. There is a lot to like about Duskers, not much to love, and more than enough hatred to go around. Let's get started.Pros:*Atmosphere is dark, dreary, cohesive and feels awesome to experience in motion.*Initial wow-factor of the control scheme and command line focus -- interesting!*First star sector or two feel fresh with varying ship sizes and resources feel important early.*Gameplay loop is well realized and addicting for the first couple hours.*Some notions of the apocalyptic event, the enemies encountered, and a handful of logs are eerie and well made.Cons:*Absolutely no semblance of progression. No mid game, no end game, and no real ending or closure.*The overall meta story is in shambles. When information [REDACTED] isn't cut from the otherwise interesting logs [EXCISED] you might find pieces of a [BLACK LEVEL SECURITY] story.*Game gets harder in order to reveal no new features. Drone maintenace, abilities, cost effectiveness and resource/scrap accruement nosedive. It becomes harder to play, not easier. Progression scale is backwards. The better you do, the more RNG will gank you in the next derelict.*Again, no ending. And this gameplay loop isn't fun to do forever without a credits sequence.What is Duskers? Duskers is an unconventional strategy/loot game procedurally generated across various derelict ships. You are a drone operator who must use command line/dos commands to scoot your little dudes across rooms, dodge traps and enemies, loot as much as you can and leave. Enemies can be usually blown out of airlocks (also sucking all resources and logs out of that room) or tricked and trapped.Taking place after a galaxy wide extinction level event, you're a sole survivor using drones to... find resources to... find logs to... find out what happened? Maybe? This is the premise, anyway. But it doesn't effect the game at all. The story is randomly generated in the order you discover logs and has so many cuts, pulls, redacted flavor text etc that it is virtually impossible to get a sense of scale, horror, or closure at all. Basically someone really liked creepypasta and SCP and wrote tiny little logs by the hundreds and dotted them around maps.At first, I was wowed. Awesome atmosphere, stylized visuals, decent sound effects, and what I felt to be the baseboard for an awesome game loop. I liked to loot, scavenge, dodge enemies/puzzles and run like hell. But when the first mission became the twentith, I realized Duskers wasn't going anywhere. It had nothing else to show me that the tutorial didn't. Sure, enemies get variety -- we don't know what they are -- but they kill you faster. Besides for that it actually becomes more of a chore to service your equipment ,recharge your abilities, and keep your fuel count high. But for what? To dodge more aliens or whatever? There's no reward.I think that this game is a stellar base upon which to build not only a satisfying integration of advanced game mechanics, but also worldbuilding a frightening and somber lore upon which an extinction event occured. I think it's a cardinal sin that no new game mechanics (besides drone abilities) are fed into the cycle, and that the story goes absolutely nowhere. I read recently on r/duskers that the development lead for it has bowed down due to family trouble and outsourced his studio to assisting others for commission based work. A shame, as this game is one of the few in absolute dire need for an expansion pack or DLC."
,Not Recommended,254320,23492029,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"I hate that I can't recommend this game. It's not really that the game is bad at all because it's good. It's quite good actually in making itself out to be a futuristic universe where everything's dead and gone(save the enemies). But perhaps it's too good at that. The game initially feels very forboding and downright terrifying since you've only got a limited number of drones and losing even one can mean game over, but the sense of fear you get fades to frustration as you have no way of knowing how the enemies in the game function unless you die to them over and over again while experimenting, or you google how they work. (looking at you slime)I don't like how fighting enemies works on this game at all. There is a difference between having a threatening enemy that you cannot fight directly and an enemy that will kill you before you have more than a second to react to it being there. The horror of seeing a swarm jump on you is immediately met with frustration because you wonder what you could have done differently upon seeing the swarm and realize that there is literally nothing barring a shield or some other kind of defense that is equipped on the drone. And even then the shield wouldn't help.Let me make an example here so that hopefully you can understand why I'm upset. Lets compare 'finding an enemy' to 'getting infested' in alien swarm. What happens in alien swarm is that you are essentially sentenced to death and there are only a few ways out of it. Number 1 is being healed until the infestation is gone and number 2 is using electric armor. Both methods expend resources making you weaker as a whole, but not outright killing you. In duskers the response to meeting an enemy is the equivilant of instantaneous death. Reaction in Duskers is waaaaaaay to reliant on planning putting you into the position of performing IMMENSE setup with very little reward.In fact I think that is my primary complaint about the game is that I don't feel rewarded at all when I perform the duties expected of me. I am simply like 'alright, one guy down, now to spend another 10 to 15 minutes setting up for the next guy'. This is only made worse by the fact everything in the game breaks and it breaks at ridiculous speeds. I can use a motion sensor in one mission like 3 times and it will barely increment and then I use it once in another and the damn thing is ready to break. How the hell am I expected to progress in the game when I can barely maintain it without performing such tedious tasks tantamount to filing paperwork or examining spreadsheets. Any fun in this game is lost on the random generative manner of the game because it's almost like a puzzle game that is generated randomly and to make up for the random nature the baddies are so incredibly powerful that one ♥♥♥♥ up and yer dead.This game would be a lot better as a non randomly generated experience where puzzles were carefully crafted to test your ability to think and be creative, not request that you spend several hours examining a ship for minimal quanities of scrap materials so you can examine more ships for more scrap materials and hopefully piece together some story that may or may not even be worth it. The mysterious nature of why everyone disappeared isn't really excited when it's presented in text that is literally people going about their day to day god damned business. The little bits and pieces are not worth the effort. The game is so bland when it gets right down to it. There's so few enemy types, ships just blend together after a while and the differences of drone parts and functionality is so minimal. Beyond the great aesthetic there is so little to the game. In the end, the game itself isn't bad at all, but the asking price is WAY WAY TOO MUCH. I do not feel like I got my moneys worth.Also one last complaint, not being able to clear doorways is annoying. Also the game has some annoying bugs like scrap being dropped in between doorways and not being able to be picked up.TL;DR: Game gets stale fast. Not worth 20 bucks. Wait for big sale."
,Not Recommended,254320,31349594,Posted: 24 April,all,Mantissa,"Duskers has so much potential. That's why I can't reccommend it. It's disappointing. It promises a lot, just by virtue of the way its made, the way it plays. It's a piece of quality craftsmanship. It makes you think there's a greater mystery, there's more technology and loot to be found. That there's a whole universe out there to be explored.There isn't. Just asteroids, death and another Reset.The story is flat and simple. The lore is nonexistant. There is no progression. Once you get past the initial ""WOW!"" of controlling a game with psuedo-unix commands, you'll realize what I mean. The concept of the core gameplay is well-implemented, but shallow. The drones are all dumb, literally. You cannot program them in any way, shape or form, and considering the reaction speeds one would need to beat the enemies in this game, that'd actually be useful.A one-trick existential pony that promises a lot and absolutely does not deliver. Beautiful concept, but once you look past the surface, you find a whole lot of void, just begging to be filled."
76561198010714094,Recommended,254320,28267024,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TheLastJackal,"Play this game with headphones on, the lights out, and the volume turned up.Great game, very simplified matrix and UI. I really enjoyed the typing of commands because it felt like I was actually controlling the robots from my spaceship. I wish there was an actual story though, or at least, some form of designated plot. Its very open ended and pretty difficult."
,Not Recommended,254320,30190781,Posted: 26 February,all,Zinerith,"The game is fun and all for a little while, but the content is very much lacking. What at first seems a refreshing change becomes stagnent. The idea is great, the implementation is great, but when it comes to content, it is extremally repetative. Honestly I'm not sure how the creator could expand it, but as it is it is not worth the $20.00 at all, whatsoever. Perhaps $10, or $15 dollars, if you're pushing it.However, if there was going to be more content updates, then it would be totally worth it. But, it doesn't look like that's ever happening, so no. Don't get it. As cool as it is, it's not worth the $20.As a note, after just two hours of playing it began to get boring. Although it is procedurally generated, it doesn't avail to much since it all just feels the same. When you get used to dealing with the four (That's right FOUR) enemies, they are no longer a problem. as such, it's just a boring process that drones (pun intended) on.Actually, I do know what would make it more interesting. If there was a chance to find other survivors, maybe contact them, maybe getting clues or being sent to other locations to find out how to solve this problem, maybe to find a way to get back to civilization that had managed to band together after the... thing... Every roguelike game I've played has an end, though it can be far enough away that you probably won't get there before dying, but there is still a goal. Something to look forward to. It was depressing to just know ""Oh, ok that's what happened... I guess I'll just die now then."" and that's that. Really, so much wasted potential. So many good ideas that I've heard others talk about, with as far as I can tell, silence from the creator. I wish I just knew if there was ever planned to be more content, and if the creator decided ""That's it, I'm done with it"" if he would at least open it up to modders to help expand the amazing idea and base.I just feel like it's still a beta game."
,Recommended,254320,23234662,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kemo,"In space no one can hear your drone break down.Duskers is a space, strategy rogue-like with a dash of horror thrown into the mix. You find yourself in a universe devoid of life. How the universe has ended up this way is unclear, your goal is to uncover the universes secrets but to do that, you’ll need to survive.From the screenshots, and even from videos, Duskers doesn’t look like much. You’ve got an overview map of the ship which consists almost entirely of straight lines of a handful of colours and then you’ve got a top-down drone view which offers a closer look but still not much in the way of detail. However, what the developers have achieved with this graphic style is an incredible amount of immersion in the game (especially when coupled with the lack of any music in the game, just sound effects). Speaking of sound effects, they’re also very well done. The sound effects aren’t made to be the noises that you’d hear if you were standing next to the drone, they’re made to sound like they’re what the drones’ sensors pick up and send back to you.So, as I mentioned earlier, you have two goals in the game: survive (aka collect resources to keep yourself going) and figure out what the hell is going on in the universe. Both of these objectives require you to explore new ships with your drones. From time to time when you board a ship you’ll find a journal/transmission (which may have been corrupted by varying amounts) which shed some light on what’s happened. The entries don’t have any context so they don’t always make sense but they are pretty interesting to read. Once you’re on-board whichever ship you’ve chosen to explore, you’ll be able to move your drones around the ship and use the modules you’ve equipped them with to help search and collect resources.The main resources are fuel (for moving between ships and star systems) and scrap (for repairing modules and drones) but you may be lucky enough to find new modules, drones and even special modules for your ship. There are quite a few different modules (some of which are essential, you’ll always start with them though) which, when used, will allow you to play around with different strategies for exploring the ship. Among the essential modules are Gather (used to gather fuel or scrap) and Generator (used to power a ship generator, giving you access to more of the ship) while some of the modules may start with or find during a run include Stealth (allows you to make your drone invisible for a short time) and Motion (activates a motion sensor in nearby rooms, making it possible to tell if it’s safe to enter said rooms). Each drone can carry any combination of three modules and there’s no limit to what modules can be carried so if you wanted to have all four of your drones carry a Gather module you could, though that wouldn’t be particularly beneficial.When exploring ships you’re allowed to use four drones, though you can have three backup drones on your ship. For the most part, you’ll be commanding your drones during missions using the game’s simple commands (though there are more advanced commands which can be used for greater efficiency). In fact, it’s possible to play the game entirely using these commands though it can be helpful to individually control the drones with the arrow keys in the top-down drone view sometimes. The commands are really easy to get to grips with and there aren’t too many so they aren’t hard to memorise. The command box can also complete the word for you after you’ve typed in a couple of letters, it’s a pretty simple feature but it does speed things up a fair bit.Exploring derelict space ships is dangerous business mind you. One of your main concerns will be general wear and tear. After a few uses your modules will have an increased chance of breaking and this will continue to increase the more you use it. As I said earlier, modules (and drones) can be repaired but that does require a fair bit of scrap (scrap can also be collected by scrapping spare modules or drones). While wear and tear will be costly, it certainly isn’t dangerous. A universe devoid of life doesn’t necessarily mean a universe devoid of things that go bump in the night. You better watch yourself. Finding all of the resources you need can be a struggle but getting out with all your drones in one piece is the real challenge.The ships themselves are randomised so they come in a few different shapes and sizes. There are also certain types of ships, such as fuel barges and the different types of ships sometimes offer higher chances of finding certain resources, e.g. you’re more likely to find a fair bit of fuel on a fuel barge than any other ship. The size of a ship can range from three or four rooms all the way up to around twenty. The larger a ship is, the more dangerous it is to explore but the more resources you’re likely to find. You can of course leave a ship without exploring the whole thing though. The problem with the ships in the game is that there are only a few different sized rooms so even if the layout of the ship is vastly different it ends up feeling pretty similar to the last ship. This does mean that Duskers can feel a little repetitive, I found that I lost interest after playing two or three missions, but the game is good enough to keep me coming back for more.The other important part of a ship you’re exploring is the positioning/existence of airlocks. Your ship will always dock with a1 (airlock 1) on a ship and sometimes that will be the only airlock that the derelict has, though the usually have more. You can command your ship to reposition to one of the airlocks, this can be useful if most or all of your drones are closer to a different airlock. You can also open airlocks even if they aren’t connected to a ship. This will fill the adjacent room (and any adjacent rooms connected by open doors) with radiation, destroying anything that may be in the room.Just a few more things to wrap up. Each system has a minimum of three or four derelicts and it seems that the number of derelicts increases the further away you are from your starting system. There isn’t a difficulty setting in a traditional sense but there are a few different options you have to make the game easier or harder, such as how quickly modules degrade. You can save (by quitting) at any time but there’s no way to load earlier saves, if you screw up there’s nothing you can do unless you want to start a new game.VerdictDuskers is an incredibly immersive strategy rogue-like that offers unique, challenging gameplay, though it may be held back by the somewhat repetitive ship layouts. If you’re a big fan of space games, rogue-likes or a combination of the two then you’ll probably be happy with a full price purchase (I certainly am), if you’re not then I’d suggest waiting for a discount.Lone Ranger Reviews.El K."
76561197993033613,Not Recommended,254320,24527228,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Second,"I want to like this game. The concept and interface are both brilliant. The core gameplay is compelling and tense, but I cannot recommend this game because of how punitive it is.In Duskers there is no such thing as a small risk: whenever you enter a potentially risky room you could find no hostiles, a hostile you can quickly close the door on and back out, or swarmers: hostiles that will destroy your drone within 3 seconds and then hover over the body making it unrecoverable.To minimally build back from such a distaster requires a drone husk (you find these maybe every 5 ships), and 10 scrap (fully exploring your average ship nets you ~5 scrap), but all of your scrap goes to maintenance because your stuff is breaking at a rate roughly equal to how much scrap you get from fully exploring a ship.This game isn't a battle of attrition, its a death lottery. No matter high how you are flying at any moment you are one dice roll away from losing your capacity either gain resources or to explore carefully, cosigning you to a slow withering dealth with no capacity for recovery."
,Recommended,254320,23132066,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RentonB,"1. Purpose your drones.2. Isolate rooms when scouting.3. Know  your egress route.4. Stay the hell away from vents.5. Don't ♥♥♥♥ up.6. Don't panic.7. nadvigate all r18. nsvigate all r19. navigate all r110. reset.I'd been waiting for this game since I saw the EA featured on Cool Ghosts. Not dissapointed.Calling it hard is misrepresentation. It's not hard as long as you act deliberatly, know your limits and react well to pressure because it seems nice and slow until something goes wrong. And when things go wrong, they go wrong very quickly. Figuring out how to salvage a bad situation is my favorite part.Get this game if you:- Like deliberate planning- Like atmosphere- Like unconventional controls.- Like puzzlesDon't get this game if you:- Don't like typing- Need strong story elements (they're there, just not cutscenes)- Want graphics- Don't like dying and restarting.Runs well on Surface 4."
76561197974614672,Recommended,254320,32196656,Posted: 5 June,all,Mumrah,"Love this game. Simple, but addictive. Control basic drones / droids (you can rename these, but be warned you get suprisingly attached to them) around procedurally generated space ships to scavange desperatly needed supplies, such as fuel, scrap or additional drones to continue your battle for survival / travel through spacetake over reasonable abandoned ships and patch them up, but watch out for aliens, viruses, radiation and the like.How far can you get? What will you find? Can you beat the daily challenges, and more suprisingly, will you get hooked to the kind of coding you can (optionally) do to command your drones.Easy to get into, but like faster than light, addictive, simple, enjoyable and very occasionally frustrating when the work you've done is wiped out by a rogue virus. Fortunatley you can save your progress and pick it back up.When its £5-£10 I would definatly add this to your collection.regardsR_F"
76561198076773409,Not Recommended,254320,24036942,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Manticore,"6/10Scavenge ships for fuel and scrap by strategic use of drones and equipment.Pros:The game is addictive, immersive, and challenging.  Refreshing gameplay experience.  Requires interesting situational decisions, like leaving a drone behind in order to cut your losses or taking risks to salvage a new drone from a ship while it is falling apart. Or it would, at least.  See belowCons:- Feels unfinished.  Game is deceptively shallow.  NO APPARENT END GOAL.- Progression has a hard limit.  You can only have a few drones with a few upgrades.- Upgrades are too similar in function and none are especially exciting, so after just a couple of games, you get bored with them.- Stuff falls apart so fast.  Drones seem to be held together with cheap off-brand bandages that fall off when they get moist.  When playing this my thought process was ""Hey I found scrap!  I wonder what I can spend it on...oh it's all garbage.  Guess I'll repair my video feed again.""- Only 4 enemies plus a couple hazards (asteroids, radiation).  Boring.- Encountering enemies is too punishing.  Taking a single hit from an enemy can cause 50+ damage to your drone, and require 5+ scrap to repair your drone.  That will very likely take several missions just to find that much scrap.  In most cases, a mission is unprofitable if you take any damage at all.- Some mechanics punish only new players.  For example, never pay to repair a Tow upgrade.  You can just create a new one from scratch for cheaper than the repair cost.  Why is it even an option to repair a Tow?- Feels pointless.  Starts to feel like you only go on these missions in order to fund repairs, which is counterproductive since missions are the reason these drones need repairs."
76561197970740100,Not Recommended,254320,22185571,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,naters4lad,"*** EARLY ACCESS REVIEW: ***I've played Duskers long enough to get a good feel for it and I have to say, sadly, I'm not impressed. Don't get me wrong: I genuinely _want_ to like Duskers with its fun concept of piloting your vulnerable tools around derelict spacecraft from the relative safety of your control station but it doesn't feel as though there's much reason to go looking for fuel, scrap, (possible) drones to either salvage or steal parts from, or upgrades because the chances of actually finding something useful are slim to nil - More on that in a bit. Ironically, you're required to explore in order to continue surviving so it's a catch 22.Duskers is, at its core, a roguelike set in space with cool 80s-looking computer graphics which in and of itself is worth a lot in my book because not only does it look neat, it doesn't get boring because it works very well with the concept. The 'drone vision' with its primitive interpretation of the environment through sensors and crappy audio from drone mics are a nice touch. You genuinely feel like you're piloting a small fleet of drones. You can either manually drive the drones around (something you'll find yourself doing a lot) or the game gives you a command interface similar to a Linux/Dos/Windows cmd prompt where you 'program' your drone to move and perform tasks; essentially queueing-up tasks for it. The command interpreter, for lack of better name, is a bit dodgy though which can sometimes result in commands you queue appear to look correct (at least according to the game's limited in-game help) but actually not work correctly, or at all. This can result in not executing at best, unexpected behaviour or worse: catastrophic mistakes being made. You're actually better off manually piloting the drones for the really tricky stuff. I'd like to see the command interpreter be a bit more refined so you're not left second-guessing just prior to hitting Enter and re-reviewing the command sequence for the fifth time.Another problem I noticed with Duskers after the initial 'coolness' factor wore off, was much of the gameplay relied on dumb luck, not skill. For example, the tools one would use to determine if going in an adjacent room is a wise idea (motion scanner, sensor, etc.) are not only unreliable but you're not even guaranteed to get any of these useful tools to 'look ahead' which means you'll be sending your vulnerable drones head-long into the unknown - As a player, where are my tools to help me choose if this is a wise idea? You're essentially left guessing. This, in turn, not only exposes the rest of your drones to danger, but is almost a guarantee you'll be one less drone going home and making next mission even more difficult due to missing tools (which are scarce as is).Should you lose all of your drones (which can happen in a single mission!!) you're done- Game over. Time to Reset. During a play session of about two hours I reset the game 16 times because of various reasons in which I simply could not continue the game. Either my drones would be trapped in a space station, I would run out of precious fuel (even after jumping because let's face it: The fuel dispensers aren't guaranteed to give you anything) or I would lose all of my drones by sheer dumb luck (bulkheads blowing open and pulling my drones into space, doors not sealing so my helpless drones were either mowed down by some enemy, irradiated or pulled into space). The game does it's best to warn you about these types of events (mostly) but that doesn't mean you can use your skills to avoid it for every situation. The most you can do is try to get out of the craft with your drones or jump to another galaxy in hopes you'll find more fuel to carry on. Also, you're not even guaranteed to find any scrap to keep your drones in moderate working order or repair your ship or their upgrades. The readout of the craft you're going to be boarding has a 'Scrap Capacity' number which, in my experience, has been nowhere near what I've actually recovered from any of the places I've visited. Most of the time I usually find somewhere between zero and five scrap which usually I'd store for after the next mission in hopes I'd be able to repair my drones to a decent health if they made it back. This is assuming they didn't take additional damage.The enemy types in Duskers aren't vast but they do serve their purpose. You basically have to try your hardest to slip past them (manual control) whilst giving the more menial tasks to the command queues (keeping fingers crossed you don't have to intervene whilst performing a crucial sneak which hopefully won't result in you being detected). Your options are either avoid, attempt to outrun or go on the offense against them. For two of the three entities these options work but there is a third type that is so damn fast it makes me jump every time my drone is attacked by one. This one appears to 'leap' on your drone, if it's detected (and it usually is), and is an insta-kill. But again you'd not know if this type was in the room until you happened upon it. I've tried killing this type before: Blowing it up with a mine, shooting it with a turret, blowing it out into space by opening an airlock – No joy. They are invulnerable. Worse yet, there can (and have been for me) been multiple of them on 1 ship so you're pretty locked down and may as well just pack up and leave if you can.Duskers has an interesting back story that I'm really keen on finding more about. The story is pieced together throughout your various plays (hint: You'll restart the game a lot) and the story is cumulative so you've at least got that going for you. As of this writing it wasn't complete but from what I'm gathering it's shaping up to reveal what happened to, well, everyone, as the game developer's promised.Bottom line- Here is some suggestions for the developers:* Rougelikes punish the player for dumb choices BUT the player still has control to make these choices. Duskers doesn't give you any of the tools necessary to approach each (or hardly any) situation without blindly guessing if you're going to make the correct move and prosper. Best case is you'll enter an empty room but that's of no value, generally. Success through repetitive play isn't fun if you keep running out of options 'just because'.* Drones are basically thrown into the jungle without even so much as a butter knife: They need weapons, even cheap ones that don't last long. As a player I would love to be able to get access to at least 1 weapon for one of my drones that will have an effect.* Enemies need to do more than just sit and wait. Often times I've entered a room and there would be something just sitting there in wait, dead-centre of the room. They might do with a bit of patrolling around the room they're confined to.* More scrap. Since the drones are mobile punching bags, it would be fair to throw in a decent amount of scrap from time to time to give the player the option to repair. Again, if the player cannot continue because their drones are falling apart and they've not had adequate scrap: How is that their fault? They didn’t choose to not repair.Duskers is a fun game, but has potential to be something truly unique and great. I look forward to the future updates. I'm going to suggest people save their £15 but should things change in future updates I'd be more than happy to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,254320,26448816,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,LB,"This game has a lot of really obvious bugs and a few really game-breaking bugs. It doesn't feel finished. However, if the bugs were to be fixed, I would say you should buy it on the spot.First, the positives. I feel like the game is perfectly balanced. This game is a puzzle strategy rogue-like horror space game - basically, all the best genres. Every mission, and even your actions between missions, feel like an optimization puzzle - trying to make the best of whatever situation you're in with some time to think. However, there are also random catastrophes that can happen over time, making it a strategy game since you have to avoid risks and rush to opportunities. I feel there is a good balance of slow- and fast-paced gameplay - one moment you will be doing nothing but contemplating your next move, and then suddenly asteroids will be sighted or the ship hull will begin to fail, and you have to rush to get out of the way. There's also the potential for your own human mistakes turning a great situation into a bad one very quickly - the enemies in this game are very deadly and are best avoided. Typos are deadly.The main premise of the game is to travel from derelict to derelict gathering fuel and scrap (and completing story objectives). You have to plan out your routes between derelicts, and then before entering a derelict you have to make sure you have everything set up the way you want - it's like the caves from Pikmin 2 where you pick the pikmin you want, and once you've gone in, that's it - you can only swap what you already have and use whatever you find.The art style and sound design are also fascinating and really put you into the mood. You can't see directly - instead you have to rely on a grainy generated top-down image constructed from what little capabilities are left in the various spare sensors you were able to attach to your drones, because the only cameras you have left aren't sensitive enough to work in the dark. Your character controlling the drones is never in the action, instead concealed safely at the console, looking at the screens showing the layout of the derelict and the constructed drone perspectives. FOV is limited, and tank controls make movement feel less direct. All good contributing factors to an eerie atmosphere. You type a command, it executes, and just as you realize you fat-fingered the door numbers, you are under attack. You panic. You're able to close everything down and contain the damage. It's now a rescue mission...You are constantly in a struggle for scrap - things are always deteriorating and need to be repaired or they will break. You can convert things to scrap if you don't need them, but if you let something break, it is worth less scrap. As you go through the game you will find more modules (abilities) that you can equip, and certain combinations are very powerful, but even when you have these powerful combinations, the game still has its ways to throw a wrench in the works and force you to think on your toes. I never felt like I was too powerful or too weak (except for when I forgot to equip an essential module, oops).There is also a great amount of variety - the game has ways to screw up your master plan and force you to get creative with your workarounds. I've experienced and seen some pretty interesting missions. Modules you normally think of as useless could be the key to saving your drones. You'll often have to swap modules between drones in dire situations.If you're new to the game, you will make lots of mistakes. It takes time to see the puzzle logic and develop strategies with which to make your way through the game. If you don't like the initial rough learning phase, I'd recommend watching other people play first - but the initial rough learning phase is by no means bad. The game does have a tutorial and by default hints are enabled to help you learn your way around. I feel the game does a good enough job getting you started that you can learn the rest of the game on your own. There is minor documentation on modules, but for the most part, you need to experiment to understand how they work. Same goes for the enemies.Overall, the gameplay is excellent! ...when it works as intended. There are a plethora of bugs in the game - some benign, and some downright game breaking.My list of bugs is so long it exceeds Steam's character limit for reviews.You can see the full list of bugs with video examples here:Duskers Bug ListThe bugs need desperate attention. Read the patch notes and decide for yourself if it's worth it in its current state. Again, if the bugs get mostly fixed, I will definitely change my review to recommend this game.However,campaign mode isn't the only mode in the game. There are also weekly and daily challenges, and while the weeklies are actually much buggier than campaign mode, the daily challenges consist of a single mission, massively lowering the chance you will encounter a bug. I've been exclusively playing the daily challenges for the past months (because my campaign mode save is so bugged that I lose items every time I load it) and it has been great fun. If you can live with the fact that you're only getting half a game, the daily challenges may be worth it alone for you."
76561198027060635,Not Recommended,254320,28852956,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,q-analog,"I love the concept of this game, it produces a great atmosphere and some interesting puzzles.Ultimately though the over-reliance on the RNG just kills it.  You explore endless samey ships and stations, many of which present problems that aren't solvable with your current loadout (which sounds like a nice way to encourage re-visits with new loadouts, but due to limited resources you probably won't), trying to piece together a story before you die.  Then a random event happens and you lose all your drones and have to start over.  I feel the game needs to be more puzzle based with more interaction with the derelicts (interface shouldn't be an optional module, for instance) and something has to be done to break up the monotony of the early game, as you'll see it so much!"
,Recommended,254320,28552495,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sean,"This game is quite an achievement in terms of how much immersion can be packed into a mere 72mbs.  This little rogue-like gem has mystery, strategy, thrills and a smooth progression that keeps you coming back for another run.If you're looking for some comparison, it's like FTL married with the Alien franchise."
,Recommended,254320,23189272,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Caveculture,"I survived 200 days on my first try, and it is still my record. I don't know how this fares against other scores, but around this mark, things started going downhill for me very quickly. Most ships I explored by this point were falling apart and contained four enemy types, one of which melts your♥♥♥♥♥♥ coming through the walls without you even noticing that it's there and there is not much you can really do to track or eliminate it (my favourite...). All it takes is for your generator drone to die from one of these stealth attacks and if you haven't got a spare or a remote power upgrade wired in to your ship, the entire mission is quickly borked. All you can really do then is watch your bots slowly sizzle in irradiated rooms, get chewed by bugs or get sucked out of that failed airlock that is suddenly venting everything to space because your genny died and you can't close any doors.SNAFUs happen all the time. There are times that YOU will be the cause of them. I once typed in the wrong door number by accident and ejected my two most favourite drones out of an airlock. The early stages of the game are fantastic; as you wander around, getting used to the awkward controls that are the text console, and learning about what makes the monsters tick, strategising and working around problems that you face when one of your key drones gets bumped off and you're left to do without some crucial gear.Depending on who you are, these hardships might make your game more interesting and enjoyable, or, just rage quit. Certainly for me in my first run through, I found the challenges refreshing. The possibility of losing everything without the safety of a 'do-over' was impossible to ignore and forced me to weigh options carefully, bailing when I didn't want to, but as a necessity. I've had a few times where I've had to say, ""f**k no"" within just a few minutes of a boarding. There is no hand-holding, and I like that.HOWEVER... I'm now at the point where it's not that compelling to play. The large ships with hundreds of empty tiny rooms that you have to meticulously go through using sensors and lures or whatever you happen to have in lieu of a stealth fitted scout, just becomes a chore (even with a decent scout it gets tiring). Like many reviewers, I've found that the procedural generation and RNG lets the game down in some ways. Ships, stations, whatever, all feel like the same thing. There doesn't feel like there is any difference beyond the various ship/station types and classes apart from size. Outposts offer some new challenges (as you lack the ability to dock), but it's just more of the same. Risks and hazard levels can be the same for everything. So can the rewards. You could go to a big station and find nothing, and conversely find a good haul on a ship with only 6 rooms, which you can easily clear in under 10 minutes.The story progression is interesting and compelling. There is no linear way for it to play out, you just collect random text logs from various boarding ventures that the ship computer uses to assemble various theories, from which it then formulates certain objectives you can pursue, with a view to finding new information. It's a compelling mystery that keeps you wanting to find out more, but you have to be patient, because the RNG might grate on you to the point where it becomes an afterthought, and that is not a good thing.So there it is. Some negative some positive. Because I enjoyed this so much in my initial playthrough, had fun with the challenges and problem solving, and because I think the concept is fresh and fun, I'm giving it a thumbs up.I'm not a reviewer, I don't really bother, but I wanted to leave some feedback and a recommendation because I think the dev is on to something, and they deserve some praise for their efforts, which I hope to see gaining some additional features and complexity in the future."
,Recommended,254320,32976976,Posted: 29 June,all,Jenilya,"Underrated GemDuskers released on Steam about a year ago and I recently discovered it. After quite a few hours into the game I can honestly say that it is a very much underrated game. If you are into Rogue-Lites and classic retro with a twist then I feel you'll enjoy what Duskers has to offer.The big selling point, and quite an original concept, is the command line interface. Virtually everything is done via console commands in what is essentially a DOS prompt. Navigating your menus is done via hotkeys as well and your mouse is never used, while it was hard to adjust to at first I very quickly found myself smacking hotkeys like a champ.Being forced to use the text commands is what makes Duskers so unique and suspenseful. I can't count the number of times that in a panic I smacked commands in quickly, made a typo, and lost a drone. The game is really tense and requires you to keep a cool head.You start with three drones and will very quickly pick up a fourth. You are limited to taking on four drones per mission, but you can have three more in reserve on your ship incase something goes south (it will) and you lose some. You are able to tow disabled drones you find abandoned on derilict ships back to your ship's airlock and keep them. This is great because you can also break down spare drones you have for precious scrap, which is used to repair everything. You can also find drone modules on these abandoned drones and use them for yourself. You are given a wide variety of tools such as lures, sensors, guns and mines.The main purpose of the game is to fly between abandoned ships and board them to find supplies, however they are not ""truly"" abandoned. They are infested with different kinds of hostile lifeforms. The subtle but gun wielding security drone, the very powerful leaper, the horrifying swarms that with dismantle your drones in seconds, and the spreading slime that moves through walls and overruns ships. All require different strategies to take down. You can open doors on the ships, if they are powered, and try to lure them out of your way and lock them inside a small room.I don't want to type too much, I know people aren't a huge fan of reading all this so I'll sum it up with a Pros/ConsProsInventive command line inputGame is extremely atmospheric with great ambience, you'll hear every creak in the ship, and bleep of your dronesRequires you to think and use strategyTense gameplay despite what it looks likeReplayabilityProcedurally generated ships means you'll never see the same ship twiceConsProcedurally generated ships means you could get screwed over by terrible RNGRNG could completely bone you and cause you wipe in a blink of the eye (i.e. pipe rupture in a room with all your drones)Once you have played for a few hours you've seen every upgrade and enemy typePersonally dislike the Slime enemy and think it defeats the core concept of the game**(The slime forces you to rush and very little ways to counter it. It spreads across the ship and goes through walls, forcing you move quickly and loot the ship before it overruns you. It favors idle drones, like your drone powering a power inlet. Making it extremely frustrating. The only viable way to deal with it is throw it out of an airlock Javik style, but that's not always an option. If you miss just one piece of it, it will continue to grow. Sonic weapons disables it for a few moments, but does not kill it. In a game about patience and tactical thinking, the slime feels out of place as it forces you to rush and make mistakes. 9 times out of 10 I will just leave a ship if I see slime. That is my honest opinion from an overall gameplay perspective)Overall it is a really solid game and I highly recommend it if it looks appealing to you. If you want something different, then give Duskers a try."
,Recommended,254320,23119328,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,(TPT) trinsic,"If anybody can hear me, please respond.I am a sole survivor of the liberty, a long range scout ship on a mission to discover the cause of a spacial anomaly on the edge of this system. My crew is missing and had to re-purpose some drones to make repairs.Everything that could go wrong has, I have limited fuel, limited resources and have had to resort to explore this sector to look for supplies.Things turned from bad to worse when I realized that every ship and base I have discovered has turned up empty. No life, nobody.  Nothing except some extra scrap and some upgrades I used to further my search.I'm starting to hear noises now on certain ships that I have been avoiding like the plague.Please if you can hear me, i'm low on fuel and I don't know if I can make it out of this star system without help.  I’m encoding my flight plan in this transmission and I have set it to repeat. If you receive it, meet me at the edge of this system and maybe we can find a way out of here, thank you and good luck.Aliens Meets TeleglitchThis game has a mix of panic when entering a room I shouldn't have with the need to type commands to get my limited team of drones out before they all die makes this a very unique and interesting concept for a game. Its also very rewarding when you get the right combination of upgrades and drones to survive for longer periods of time. Due to the games uniqueness, it has a bit of a learning curve though as not all the information to play the game is readily available and I have had the need to watch a few videos and read many of the help sections that are part of the game.The premise is that you are one man on a ship with three drones exploring a galaxy of dead ships and stations trying to find the answers to what happened. Every time you dock, you wonder if this one will be your last, since a single mistake can cost you the loss of your extended arms, ears and eyes.This game requires a lot of thinking and planning before you make any moves. If you are a survival buff I think you will like this, if you hate overcoming steep obstacles you might hate it. Before I bought this game I looked at the negative reviews and saw the complaints about it being to hard and knew right away that I would like it. Im a big fan of survival games like Dayz and Arma so it works for me.After watching the developer's twitch streams I realized I also like the developer's attention to detail and his response to the community on making this a good game.The Good:Interesting Concept.Unique interface.Challenging.EngrossingEngagingSlow Paced and TacticalYou will die a lot (if you like that, think if dying as a learning experience)The Bad:Some BugsNeeds some polish with understanding the game mechanicsMore atmosphere and sound cues are needed to invoke the feeling of isolation and dread.Game mechanics are a bit hard to understand given the uniqueness of the game.ConclusionSome how the topdown approach to this game has a way of not making me feel like my life is on the line.. I think it might have been better to do a 3d approach instead where you are seeing things though the camera in a 3d perspective IMHO. But its not a deal breaker for me.I'm 12 hours in and maybe this is a slow paced game as much as story goes so I don't know yet if it needs more journal entries to move the story. It would be nice if there was audio logs to add to the atmosphere.  I mean I like the concept of reading them yourself as well. I guess that I am used to hearing audio logs in other games which always seems to add to the horror for me. I think then there should be some more hints or sound cues to hint at what is happening, to improve atmosphere of the game.I like the game so far it has a lot of replay value as it takes many replays to get the gist of the game. With limited resources, finding the necessary upgrades, and fuel makes it fun and challenging.8/10. Good work on making a game that stands out.P.S.I launched Fallout 4: Far Harbor on one display but have yet to start playing because  I am reading, writing, and thinking about playing this game instead, and I guess that is a good sign. Its almost like I want to savor the experience?"
,Recommended,254320,23042939,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cruel Coppinger,"I been playing Duskers since beta and it gets better with each update.It’s a space adventure with rogue like elements which has you as the lone survivor of a cataclysmic event that wiped out humanity.You control salvage bots & search abandoned and derelict space craft seeking out clues to what's happened and scavenging whatever supplies you can find to allow you continue your mission.Control of the bots is via a command window and console commands. You can even 'program' your bots to some extent with chained commands which they will carry out in sequence. (Im not sure if you can set conditional commands?)This control method and the low-fi game style adds to the tension as it can be hard to type accurately when running away from a 20 odd ██████ ████ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.There are many ways to die, defence █████, radiation leaks, defence ██████, swarms of █████,  a deadly organic ███ & running out of fuel seem to be my most common methods for rapid robot disassembly.Its *very* atmospheric and easy to get absorbed by this game, just turn up the volume, dim the lights and get spaced.Duskers is a great game to dip in a out of,you can play a conituing story, a daily challenge (one ship) or a weekly challenge (1 galaxy) with the challenge modes having online score board so you can see bad you're doing compaired to everyone else!If you like something a bit challenging, loved the motion sensor thing in Alien, work well under pressure and you're a bit of a fan of space sims and exploration then this should be in your library."
76561198042266743,Recommended,254320,24534254,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ZhugeXinhua,"Duskers has the most satisfying core gameplay loop of any game I've played this year (with the small exception of The Swindle). It's one-part survival horror, one-part puzzle, one-part luck, and 17,000 fiddly bits of tactical risk-balancing and nerve-wracking situations that develop organically and put your ingenuity to the test. It's sometimes unforgiving, and progress feels like it's eked out every step of the way, but that's part of what makes your occasional hard-won victory feel so meaningful.... until your next misstep sucks three drones out of an airlock and you ragequit, but you keep coming back anyway because  the next time you'll do better. It's that sort of game."
,Recommended,254320,24711235,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Frozenar,"-i need to investigate the outbreak of a new self replicating form of artificial life-find A-class space station-mission: scan every room-dis gon b gud-i board the station with my three valiant drones-i lay prehentive mines in a couple of locations, just in case-very carefully and slowly search and scan all the 20~ rooms in the space station-almost lose a drone to infestation, but i trap it in a room.-nice, now I can relax. wow i've been in this space station for 20 minutes!-so much scrap, 2 salvaged drones. oh sweeet Spacesus.-BEBEBEBEP DOOR 35 IS BEING DAMAGED.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.jpg-hacker mode activate-go back to mothership, swap my Gather module with an Interface module-backtrack and stealth past infestation-interface with the ship and activate defense system.-sweat running down my forehead.-motion sensor goes green-i did it-time to go home and enjoy this sweet bounty-ah wait! i'll go and pick up the mines I laid out before-waste nothing-dock on a different port on the other side of the space station-open dock doors-infestation runs inside my mothership at 1000MPH-drones get wiped out and i can't do anything about it-watch my hard work get destroyed in 2 milliseconds-mfw it's all my fault10/10 would scream in space again"
76561198005710523,Recommended,254320,23353586,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,UnholyFroggod,Out of fuel but finally found a large ship to explore. 22 rooms!Enemy trapped in room 7. Can't go that way.Towed a disabled Drone to airlock. Found a new ship upgrade! Towed to airlock.Can't see what's in 1/3 of ship. Drop probe. Open door for probe and hope nothing comes out. Found a second disabled Drone!! on other side of ship. Switch from airlock 1 to airlock 2 with one Drone that has motion sensors. Use motion sensors. Inconclusive. Send in the probe. Nothing attacking it. Move Drone into room. ATTACKED! Use Stun!! FAILED! Back up! back up into airlock! Close door!. Drone disabled and blocking airlock door from closing!!Use Stealth Drone! Open doors from other side of ship to allow stealth drone into room. Drop Lure. Enemy goes for it. Crap. Can't get around the new Drone we found. It's blocking the small hallway!! Bring in Towing Drone to move it.What?? Airlock 1 is malfunctioning?????! Did I damage it when I disengaged???Crap. How much time do I have?Enemy is bored with the Lure! Attacks towing Drone.....Disabled..Back Stealth Drone out of room. Stealth FAILS!! Stealth Drone attacked....Disabled.What?? Airlock 1 is WHAT??!!! Airlock 1 Failed!! BREACH!! Drone operating Generator sucked into space!Disabled Stealth Drone sucked into space!Disabled Tow Drone sucked into space!Newely found Drone sucked into space!CLOSE DOOR 43!!! AAAACK!Enemy sucked into space (the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!)Exit! Exit ship!!!So I have one disabled new drone with NO modifications on it and my Drone (Iris) also disabled but with the motion sensor on it. Can't wait to see if I can survive. Ready for the best comeback ever!I LOVE THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,254320,17643742,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Offiz Worka,The best thing happened to indie games since FTL
,Recommended,254320,23076272,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Chicane,"This game is really good. There is such a great amount of strategy involved, and the 'cool' factor is off the charts. There is an amount of desperation akin to This War of Mine and FTL (when♥♥♥♥♥♥is going bad), and the roguelike elements are unpredictable.Definitely recommend. Huge kudos to the developers for making a game that is pretty cutting edge."
,Not Recommended,254320,29795041,Posted: 8 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,Doesn't expand on its initial idea enough to have satisfying longevity.
,Recommended,254320,23059222,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"Complex, difficult, rewarding, and frustrating all at the same time, Duskers has earned a permanent place on my hard drive. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,254320,28911645,Posted: 1 January,all,Neuronwake,"Duskers is a n example of what hacking games should be... and it's not even really a hacking game.In Duskers, you give commands to remote drones via a console as they helpfully explore derelict ships to replenish your ever-dwindling supplies. As you type commands for them to execute, you must navigate them past decompressing sections of ships, hostile alien creatures, and radiation. Careful planning and a little luck are your tools as you strip the abandoned ships as bare as you can before moving to the next one.Now, the obvious relation to a hacking game is that you give your drones all their commands by typing them into a command console, but this isn't what I'm referring to. The thing that makes Duskers such a good blend of tactics and strategy is that it brings a finite set of rules and challenges to the table that can mix to form a wide variety of scenarios. You quickly find that gathering intel before moving forward is a great help, and that there are multiple approaches to almost any situation. Every move is risky, but you reduce that risk by stopping and looking, listening, and scanning, first.For example, your motion detectors pick up movement in a room next to your drones. After you watch it for a while, you think you know what kind of threat it is. You can open the airlock and flush it into space, but that may damage the structural integrity of the ship you're scavenging. There's a door on the far side of the room; perhaps you can open that and the alien will wander away from the room you want to enter. There's also a turret in the room, waiting for you to find a control console somewhere else to activate it.This game makes you take methodical approaches to different situations, letting you come up with strategies you've worked out after gathering as much information as you can. Perhaps your plans will turn out sound, and perhaps not. Either way, you gain experience not only in the game's mechanics, but also in critical thinking and situational awareness.If you like strategy, tactics, or feel that other hacking games you've played are too ""on rails"", pick this game up. You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,254320,17651230,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,thrAsher,"Well now, here's an interesting game. It's a strategy/management/puzzle game wrapped in a bit of roguelike with a fantastic coat of low-fi sci-fi. Other reviewers have done a far better job explaining the game, and really it's exactly what it says it is. And don't be afraid of the console/command line, it definitely kept me from jumping in immediately. While it may seem a bit gimicky, once you start playing with it you realize how much it adds to the overall ambience of the game, fitting in deftly with the theme. It's so easy to use that you'll find yourself popping off commands easily, and direct control makes you feel the claustrophobia and emptiness of the derelicts you'll be scavenging for supplies and information.I like new ideas, and I love developers who take long shots. This game has some pretty interesting mechanics, and so far has all the trimmings to become something really special. While the price point might deter some, those who do jump in are in for a treat. Can't say I've ever played anything quite like Duskers, I just hope that Misfits Attic give us enough tools and variety to make it endlessly replayable. I do think that the gameplay alone makes for an itch only Duskers can scratch."
76561197972045162,Not Recommended,254320,23499028,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DeadMG,"I liked the core gameplay on offer in Duskers. Unfortunately it feels very repetitive- the range of drone and ship upgrades is pretty narrow and there's very little player agency in what you have. Furthermore, it seems to have a roguelike approach to saving and loading, but then takes many hours of effort to get anywhere, so if you open a door in a bad way one time, you can lose like 10 hours of gameplay. Furthermore, it's very difficult to figure out what you're actually supposed to do in the long term.Contrast this with FTL, which has a much bigger variety of weapons/ships/upgrades on offer, much more player choice, and it's a roguelike but one playthrough takes only a couple hours so there's not that much lost each time. And it's pretty clear what the overarching objective is.It has an interesting core concept, but I think that the execution is fairly poor."
76561197970552320,Recommended,254320,23081422,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Oily O Rag OO9,Turn the lights off.Use Headphones.This game make you feel like its you and your drones against the Universe .Fantastic game but is it for everyone?Because it such a unique game go and check some play throughs on YouTube.After seeing Splattercats early review I was hooked.Version 1.0 is now out !!
,Recommended,254320,23282537,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"Does exploring derelict spacecraft with remote drones piloted via the command line sound fun to you? Then buy this game. It's exactly as fun as that sounds. (No, really, it's great.)No matter how far you get in Duskers, you're always 1 typo away from having to restart, and I love that. The game is ""fair"" in that if you die, it's generally your own fault, either for mistyping a command, doing something you knew was dangerous and getting unlucky, or some other user error - there's very little RNG at play here (except in map generation), and you have plenty of opportunity to 'NOPE' out if it looks bad before you lose drones.The gameplay is very much what it looks like from the videos and screenshots - you're exploring derelicts salvaging equipment and supplies that enable you to live a little longer and explora some more. It's a resource management game - Scrap is the resource used for almost everything - repairing bots, repairing your ship, funding upgrades, creating new modules, etc., and there's two types of fuel needed to get around the universe - everything comes down to how efficiently you can perform to keep those resources high.The graphics seem to be a turn-off for a lot of people but they're spot-on for what they should be for a game like this. You're viewing the world through antiquated computer hardware, and it captures that feel perfectly, right down to the 'degauss' command.Overall, highly recommend this game. It won't be for everyone, but if you liked games like Uplink, this is probably your cup of tea."
76561198093073749,Recommended,254320,24747948,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Box with Knobs for Stimulation,"This game is odd. There are horror games which feel entirely claustrophobic. There are horror games with a direct sense of panic. There are management games with no sense of thrill or adventure. And then there is this game.Duskers, if you didn't figure out already, is a marriage of Horror and management game elements with a slight hint of extra typing. You're in space, you don't know what's happened and you piece the story together as you go from communications found logged on the ships you board. The story is surprisingly well written for such a gameplay focused experience, and does help to give you a sense of isolation in the rather large map you're spawned into.The gameplay is the big part here, as there are many different individual pieces that make up the whole experience. Misreading the command log to see if the sensor in r5 became untriggered gives you this sense of sudden realisation mixed with terror. In comparison to another favourite horror game of mine, Alien Isolation, the panic in that game lies in making a break for an exit and crouch walking right into the Alien even after you checked the motion tracker. This is what is so very different about this game. You feel a horrible sense of responsibility (don't we all) over the poor drones you send into harms way, which makes it ever more unfortunate when you try to flush out a leaper and mistakenly leave the door to your generator drone open and simultaneously lose 3 drones because you locked two away behind a door you were sure you could open once the leaper was flushed out. Or when the door next to your only safe room starts being attacked and you have to rush to get all the drones back onto the ship. Surprisingly, the command typing takes nothing from the experience. As someone who takes a lot of time typing, the command system is surprisingly good as I find myself just pressing enter in a blind panic once I finish typing a door close command. There are also so many joys in this game, such as the feeling of commandeering a new ship with 3 upgrade slots or gathering the maximum amount of fuel from a station.However, a few flaws lie in the gameplay, it's not just full of the outstanding elements of this great game. Once you've collected 10-20 scrap in a single mission, you will realise that it cannot repair the schematic view once you have repaired vital modules, leaving you with a chance of being blind. 20 scrap cannot give you the insurance of all of your drones' health back once you've fixed a couple of ship modules. Whilst this can be seen as a vital element, and I would agree, everything decays at an incredibly fast rate which can make module breaks feel a little bit cheap. This is avoidable somewhat by fiddling around with the options menu, which means it's only a minor flaw.One other flaw I have with the game is that once you find a way to deal with the leapers, goo, drones and swarms, you tend to become unstoppable in your pillaging of ships for scrap. Another similar flaw is that the enemy types start to get a bit boring after you've been through a few galaxies. Both of these issues could be fixed with more enemy types. For example, an enemy that doesn't move or show up on sensors/motion, and only attacks drones that have their back to it but destroys any drone with less than 200 health points in one hit then becomes inactive for a set amount of time. That's just one example off the top of my head.Overall, this game is brilliantly done. The atmosphere is surprisingly present despite the retro-digital aesthetic that I enjoy so much. The gameplay whilst a little dull after you've gotten everything is challenging and requires concentrated effort. The fear this game produces is unrivaled purely because it's a different kind of fear. I got this full price, no sale, and feel I got much more than my money's worth. Try it out."
,Not Recommended,254320,23106461,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cheeseyfish™,"It feels like you are doing the same thing over and over. Even when you progress the ships looks identical and the strats you employ to search the ship are all the same too. Getting scrap doesn't reward you in any way except being able to keep the modules you have, it doesn't feel like you are working up to anything at all."
,Recommended,254320,17893061,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,v23,"Let me start this short review with the most importent part:This game is one of a kind, cannot be compared to anything, and is engaging in levels highers than most AAA games out thereNow, let me also say,THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVRYONE, sorry, i had to cap it up, since people might not pay enough attention.This very short review will take the form of a quiz, and if you answer yes to one or more questions, you might as well buy this game and dive right in.Are you the kind of person who likes to get lost in the game, in such a manner that you start forgetting its only a game, and truly believe you are the main character in the game's universe? [y/n]Do you like games with overwhemling atomoshpere, one that comes with a graphical interface that is again, sucks you right into the games universe to a complete level? [y/n]Do you like playing a game that requires you to think about the way you do things and execute the best plan you managed to come up with? [y/n]Do you like games that have intense real time action thinking and executing, all while trying to survive and achieve the best hull available? one that will allow you continue exploring, which can lead to some of the more intense gaming moments involving keyboard hammering you've ever had? [y/n]Do you like SienceFiction, drones and basic command prompts? [y/n]Are you an intellegent human being, capable appreciating a true masterpiece? [y/n]Do you like exploring, evolving and improving yourself in an everchanging world? [y/n]This game is all of the above and more.Get it, you wont regret it"
76561198021842292,Recommended,254320,29753147,Posted: 6 February,all,Killermen962,"I like this game, Kept me on edge often and put alot of stress on me to get stuff done with all the threats you can run into on ship and the thought of keeping my drones alive. I've had many experiences that went horrible due to various reasons such as having my only drone with a generator getting attacked/swarmed or other things because I neglected it for so long and left it there for dead.I've had many times where my drones addons would break-down and I would be forced to test the waters by actively peaking into rooms instead of using equipment to check the room for anykind of presence. These...... Mostly turn for the worst as for I have to make/declare alot of the ship to be condemned to no future exploration for the mission because of my equipment failing when I need it most.I really wish this game could get more recognition because I find it great to play when you got nothing else to do, I just need to find more time to play it...Note: Be wary of a ships condition / Infestation count, I have ♥♥♥♥ed up so many times because of the fact I overlook these factors. Nothing is there to make the experience easier for you, it only goes downhill and you have no idea how you will recover from a major ♥♥♥♥ up. You want to take your time? Sure. Wait too long and you might not get a chance to finish exploring or worse, lose your precious drones.  The ship is like a cracker box, anything can damage it and/or its assets. The dangers dont always lurk within, and asteroids were never there to make the game easier, only harder."
76561198042096692,Recommended,254320,18434036,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ScaryNed,"I love indies. But I was still skeptical about the price when I saw it.6 missions later, finding the one fuel canister that will keep me going for just one more day, evacuating all my scavenger drones before a stray meteorite would hit the abandoned wreck in T-48 seconds. And my brave Twiki covering a door beside the escape route with a mounted turret gun as God knows what continued it's assault on the only thing between it and Twikies escaping robo friends.I had to check the store page cause I forgot what the price was."
76561198040375997,Recommended,254320,23129955,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cosmic Castaway A90,"I plan to create a full video review for this game, but here is a short list of my thoughts for now.  Simply put, Duskers is the BEST sci-fi rouge-like since FTL.You are alone on your ship in the middle of space with little fuel.  The only thing surrounding your ship are ghost ships, silent space stations, perhaps even the occasional automated store.  The only option left to you is to remotely control salvage drones to explore these derelict ships in search of fuel, scrap, ship modules, and other disabled drones to add to your fleet.To control your drones you have to type out commands into a console window, or alternatively you can take control of one drone using your arrow keys.  Typing out commands isn't just a gimmick to make the game stand out though, it is a vital tool to learn.  With the command line you can send out multiple orders to drones all at once with ease (once you learn a few more advanced commands that is).In order to explore these ships you will need to power the ship's systems with your drones.  This will give you access to controlling various doors and airlocks on the ship, which you will need to use to avoid any xenomorphs as you scour the vessel.  Like most Rogue-likes you are going to die... constantly. But everytime you reset the game you learn more strategies about how to safely collect supplies. If you listen closely you can somtimes hear each unique sound various threats will make when they are on the other side of the room.As you explore the galaxy you will also find various text logs on ships and stations that can be put together to find out what happened to humanity.  Your ship's computer will give you various objectives in relation to the logs you find, which you can in turn complete to learn more about what happened to the galaxy.  The logs are very well written. If the gameplay and visuals weren't already engaging me enough, the story surely sucked me in.  The only story in the game is through audio logs, and for me to say that it's a gripping story means the game has some damn good wrtting.Overall I can safely say that Duskers is a game well worth $20.  To say that the game is light on content is not entirely untrue, but typing out commands in dozens of different ways and learning to code your own commands (yes, you can CODE your own commands) is more than enough to keep you playing.  I love this game and plan to spend much more time on it.complete review1; publish; recommend duskers; return all home; end"
76561197971724802,Recommended,254320,31675280,Posted: 10 May,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Duskersis a fantastic experience where your imagination fills in the blanks – a sci-fi horror survival game with a unique premise and full of surprising moments and unique player stories to be told.One sign of a great game is when players can recount interesting stories about it, unique to their playthroughs. InDuskers, every mission has this potential. The content of derelict ships and stations are randomized – so you don’t know what’s coming next. Your small fleet of drones are in various states of repair and equipped differently. Things can, and do, break down in the middle of missions.Part of the fun of the game is having to plan carefully, but be able to deal with a full-on meltdown when something unexpected happens and it all falls apart. Small problems or mistakes can quickly escalate to life-threatening situations in a matter of minutes. Keeping your head is important but you feel genuine panic when things go wrong in a heartbeat, your drones facing total annihilation. This game is tough, but rewarding. Get out of a scrape unscathed and you can give yourself a deserved pat on the back.Duskersuses a deliberately crappy 80’s interface (inspired by the original Alien movie), which you interact solely with the keyboard. Drones are controlled directly or through typed commands, which only adds to the atmosphere. It’s immersive, feeling like it really is just you on your computer on the mothership, placing you right in the hot-seat. Frantically typing out commands as it all goes to hell really adds to the tension.However, don’t let the typing or the basic visuals put you off, and if you don’t survive long on your first attempt, don’t worry. This is a survival, rogue-like game. Each attempt you learn more, logs and missions uncovering the backstory are also preserved between runs, allowing you to make progress each game.THE GOOD- Makes typing console commands fun- Rewarding progression system- Tense without being overwhelming- No two games are the sameTHE BAD- Relies heavily on experimentation and player patience- Sometimes start with a poor loadout8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Not Recommended,254320,31437070,Posted: 29 April,all,zamp,This game can be summarized as being an ocean that is knee deep. It doesn't take long to realize how shallow this game really is. Every salvage operation you go to is the same. I didn't witness any difference based on what type of ship I went to. Numbers you get in the galaxy view for things like amount of scrap on a ship don't seem to affect what's actually on that specific ship at all.Enemies are easy to get rid of (open airlock into space) but at the same time you say goodbye to the loot in that region of the ship. Vents keep spawning new enemies non-stop so you spend most of your time praying to the RNG gods to not put a vent on a corridor you need to go through.Equipment breaks at such a rate that taking more than the bare minimum on a mission will lead to you spending more than you receive which leads to a game over.All in all it's a very simple game with clunky interface to make it seem more complex than it actually is.
,Recommended,254320,23041464,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Stupendous Man,"Duskers is a sci-fi strategy 'rogue-like' game about gathering scrap in a dead universe. You sit at a computer in your space ship controlling your drones while they explore derelict space ships, hunting for scrap, fuel and useful tech.The game is very old-school and controlled solely via the keyboard. There are two methods of controlling your drones, either by moving them around with the cursor keys, or by issuing commands to them via the terminal. Using the terminal requires you to memorize a handful of commands like 'navigate', 'gather' etc. As with all good terminals, you can just write the first few letters of a command and auto-complete it, speeding up the gameplay a little.While exploring the rooms and corridors of the dead space ships and stations you often come across hostiles that can damage and destroy your drones. Luckily there are several ways to avoid and/or neutralize them; one way is to just suck them out the nearest airlock. This does however have the unfortunate effect of blowing out everything else that might have been in the room with the hostile. Point being, every action in Duskers has a consequence, and often you have to outweigh the risk with the reward. I've often omitted visiting parts of space ships because I just couldn't risk losing my precious drones.I spend a lot of the time while playing just analyzing the situation and trying to find out how best to explore the ship with the means at my disposal. Sometimes the game throws a wrench in my plans like rupturing a pipe in a room, leaking lethal radiation all over it, or perhaps temporarily breaking the video feed on my drones, leaving them blind. The game might seem unforgiving at times, but I actually think this is good, otherwise I could just learn the optimum strategy and use it every time; some randomness and chaos is good. Also, it sends the adrenaline pumping when several alarms suddenly go off and you know you have to jump ship, frantically trying to type the necessary commands to save your drones, but ending up with 'naivgaet 1 r1' instead of 'navigate 1 r1'. Great fun!The graphics are rather simple but work very well considering the setting. It actually reminds me of the computers from Alien (the movie), and by extension, Alien Isolation. Pure 70-80's sci-fi goodness!The audio is great, with ominous sounds being heard throughout the ship, bulkheads creaking, computers chattering, and creepy unindentified noises. Sometimes you hear a loud groan and an airlock ruptures somewhere in the ship, setting off beeping alarms and flooding the room with radiation.This game really speaks to the nerd in me, as it has 3 elements that I adore: scifi, drones and the terminal. I'm an avid user of the Linux terminal, and this game gives me the same power at my fingertips as the Linux terminal does. I feel like I'm acting more directly with the game through the terminal than if I was using the mouse as in most games. Of course, it does help if you have a good typing keyboard, preferably one that clatters really loudly!Duskers might certainly not be for everyone, but I think that if you like the aforementioned points, you'll love this game. At this point I've only owned the game for a few days but have already played several hours (which is a lot for me) and still find it as interesting as when I first loaded it up. It's a game I can pick up for 20 minutes or play for 2 hours as I wish, and I can easily see myself playing it for hundreds of hours over the next few years.I give Duskers a big thumbs up, even at the current 20€ retail price. To me it is absolutely worth the price."
,Recommended,254320,17653789,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dajakko,"Bought this game less than an hour after it came out. Have to say a refreshing style of strategy game. The command prompt interface (for any of you that gre up in the DOS age) is unnervingly satifying.You get strangely attached to you little team of drones their shapes and noises.There's something to be said venturing into the unknown, those paniced situations desperatly reorginizing your team entering commands as quickly as possible al to survive. Anyone with a love of Sci Fi, RTS, and the rush of control from your control station will love this game. BE WARNED! it will only hurt that much more when tragedy strikes...Support is quick and helpful, gotta say Great Job JP!CheersDaj"
76561198043357206,Recommended,254320,32631006,Posted: 21 June,all,Vergilius,"This game deserves all the praise it's recieved by critics.Just make sure to play it by yourself in a dark room, to get the full experience."
,Recommended,254320,28851636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Haze,"It's interesting in a weird way. There's more shock value than horror value here. Steep learning curve, imo, because you won't always have what you need to determine the behavior of some enemies and sometimes they kinda just come out of nowhere, and I don't like the idea of consulting a guide for how to combat something unless it's broken.There's this weird ""failure probability"" on equipment you get that doesn't really seem to represent failure at all. Like, it seems like if you have a 3% failure probablility, it's actually 0% UNTIL you get past 15%, then it's roughly 100%, it feels like. I dunno. Maybe I'll run into something later, but that's misleading in its own way.It turns out that probability is real. Your stuff starts out white and deteriorates with use. Use raises the failure rate, or the chance something permanently dies. You're good at white, you're taking a risk with yellow, and you're a thrill seeker when it turns orange. At any time beyond 0% could something just turn red and be junk.The whole ""I'm a lone pilot in space"" deal kinda washes away when you lose the first time, because how it picks back up is that you still have ALL the logs you gathered from your previous playthrough, so it's like ""wait, how did this new pilot get those? Why is there a new pilot? So there are survivors?"" and it just kinda snowballs from there and ruins the atmosphere. Misleading information I don't really appreciate, but I still find the game to be fun in that it's a survival game from a command console-type control.I think the execution of the game could benefit from a few upgrades here and there, but it's fine as it is as well.AddendumThe way the game works is that you start out in some random ship and system and drones, and you're just trying to survive as long as possible. There's no food or anything complex like that to manage, you just keep going until you lose the means to do so (like losing all your drones).I forgot to add that there's no music whatsoever. That's not a bad thing, though. It helps to focus, honestly. If anything, it's more about ambience here than it is for the music. And you might hear a buzzing noise come from the computer when viewing certain parts like the drone view. The game is causing that buzzing, not the computer in general. Your computer is generating the buzz, though, which, I've found, happens in the drone view.There are objectives that give a sense that you're progressing, but I've read that the main goal is to survive as long as possible. Unlike other games I've played, these ""communication archives"" are actually nice to read, even with the corruption that purposely obscures certain things.There are daily and weekly challenges where you compete against other players to get a high score in clearing out a ship or system, respectively. These are separate from the main playthrough."
,Recommended,254320,23292760,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DeRais,"Day 155.Hundreds of thousands of drones, all destroyed or left to rot.  Ships annihilated.  Pipes burst.  Years of hard work ruined.  Time wasted.  Scrap lost.  Entire teams lost in a single second.I don't know where I am.  I know I've been here before, but I don't know why.  I feel like I've done all this before. Like it's some infinite, horrible simulation that I'm really bad at surviving in.Someone.  Anyone.  Please.  Send help.  Send-*end transmission*"
,Recommended,254320,31413217,Posted: 28 April,all,Swaghetti Yolonase,"Duskers is a fantasticly frantic adventure that makes use of an ingenious command line interface to control the actions of the drones available to you.It creates a fantastic atmosphere filled with tension as you can only react as fast as you can type.The resource management system forces you to balance your spending on only the most urgent things, which in turn forces exploration to find more resources.Duskers is one the most fresh and interesting games i've played in recent years.9/10"
,Not Recommended,254320,23107707,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BlademasterBobo,"Promising game released in a totally unfinished state. Doesn't have enough content to be a full game, you'll see everything there is to see in the first 30-60 minutes. There's no real sense of progression, it's the same 4 enemies and the same setups with each level. Definitely shouldn't have left early access yet. Basically an extremely polished concept demo of a neat concept."
,Recommended,254320,23089933,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Necronomad,This game ticks all the right boxes for me.- A great interface that is simple to learn.- A wonderfully crafted survival experience full of exploration and suspense (in fact the game is built on the idea).- Difficult yet never feeling unfair (you generally know where you went wrong and what you could have done differently).- I feel like I'm going to get my money's worth out of this game.
,Recommended,254320,23116359,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Other 19,"This game is so engaging and addictive. It was worth every penny.  The trailer drew me in and I was not disappointed.Now there are pros and cons.Pros:The game provides a sense of claustrophobia as you're limited to either your drone's view (which is detailed) or an overview of the entire map (but not as detailed).  You'll switch a lot to be able to see specifically where stuff is and how to position your drones.  And the times when your video cuts off, only adds to the sense of suspense and worry.  You constantly have to scavange derelicts for just enough supplies to keep you going and it's hard to maintain supplies (between repairing and upgrading drones, maintaining their upgrades, getting ammo, and much more)Drones have to work together, sometimes swapping parts to adapt to their enviroment. You'll have to constantly be on the alert for random events (an asteroid strike, broken vent leaking radiation, a malfunctioning airlock) and sometimes you'll have to control yourself and not be greedy or stay too long.There are moments where you'll jump in fear, such as checking a room and out of no where an enemy lunges fromt the shadows to attack you drone, killing it and destroying you vid feed so you can't see what happened. When it comes to enemies... well stealth is keep and one mistake (like leaving a door open a second too long or not closing another door) can lead to you losing either one drone or all. Best of all, the game has good replayability due to randomly generated systems, galaxies, ships, and maps.Cons:It can be difficult to deal with typing your commands (especially when dealing with enemies or radiation leaks or even asteroid strikes) and I've had more than once where I typed a wrong key and opened a door which lead to all my drones being killed.  Another is when you start a new game, sometimes you get bad (for lack of better term) starting equipment which makes the game harder.Overall:There's so much more which I could go into detail but I'll leave it to those. I found this game wonderful and despite frustrating parts, I still pressed on and was rewarded.  If you're into games with puzzles, suspense, resource management and strategy, exploration and stealth, then this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,254320,32843126,Posted: 26 June,all,o4zloiroman,Neatly realized survival horror from perspective of an operator of remotely controlled drones. Enjoyable experience for a couple or dozen hours if a bit shallow.
,Recommended,254320,33408956,Posted: 9 July,all,Dankerprouduct2,I really like this game but i wish it supported mods.
,Recommended,254320,28805263,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PaperThick,"I sometimes sigh a bit after buying a game to discover it is a small download (in Duskers case sub 100 MB) because it can tend to be an indication that there'll be something lacking.  It's safe to say this game packs more satisfaction into its tiny package than many behemoths do.  There is a certain delight in jumping around in space, docking to derelict crafts, and dispatching drones from the safety of your cabin in hopes of insulating yourself from the unseen dangers.  Being forced to make judgement calls of various consequence and urgency depending on your circumstances dials the suspense up to 11.  Being able to exert your command using written directions and basic routines really makes you feel attached to the scenario and serves to pull you deper into the narrative.  Highly recommended."
76561198297723126,Recommended,254320,26607032,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,darkdisciple1313,"I've only been playing a short time, but I'm intrigued by the odd-yet-useful interface. I wondered why the file size for the game was so small, but now I know. No frills, no spills, no chills. It's as basic a game as you can play, yet it is both deep and just a little freaky. I'm sure some will complain that you can't use a human-like avatar to explore the multitude of derelict vessels, but that misses the point. Without ruining too much, you enter the game with no idea what's happened, and it remains that way.Or, to mis-quote an old movie line: ""Some mysteries were never meant to be solved, but we make the attempt nevertheless.""No lie, it does take a while to get into the game, since it involves mostly typing, rather than using the traditional mouse/keyboard set-up. I think many will enjoy this, though. It can be spooky as hell at times, and there are frustrating puzzles to spare, but all in all, I'm enjoying this rather much so far."
,Recommended,254320,17858463,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Redmurcury(STSCrew),"FULL review belowRevised after updates+ Command-line and GUI console-based gameplay+ GUI is visually attractive+ Randomly generated universe+ Strategically intelligent- Minor bugs (for now)= Permadeath= Not fast paced= Supplemental live ""game world"" video feedFULL REVIEW:Havent played a ridiculous amount of this game just yet. But I will say, there is not anything else out there exactly like it. Which isn't bad in this case. Mostly being that if I had played something similar I would not have been as interested. The game is not something I can replay till the end of time but if the criteria fits your interest then the money is not wasted.This game, if anything is more like a simulator for those salvage and recon expeditions you always see in movies, except instead of coming back with a magical discovery 10 scenes later, you manage them real time. At first I will admit I was a bit skeptical, but the feeling you get when watching in dread as each drone one by one be converted into spare sparts by a group of organisms, smashing its way through the interior blast doors of this dead ship you have entered in search of loot, leaves you feeling pretty hopeless.Combining console commands and a pretty convincing GUI, the game puts you in control of not only these drones, but also the ship itself. You will slam doors as you escape, fire up gun turrets to obliterate the opposition and even sometimes yourself, flush the dirty alien scum through an open airlock you have cleverly lured them into, all while towing a dead drone back to your ship for spare parts and upgrades.The feeling of consequence definately makes you want to watch your a**. Any drones that are left on the ship after departure, or disabled and not dragged back to the ship are left behind permanently. Your drones will become like little pet projects in which you spend your salvage parts and switch various upgrades into, in order to further your efforts to rid these adbandoned spacecraft of valuables. Improve speed or refill your trusty supply of motion trackers. Equip those new upgrades or repair that drone you rescued from the last hunt.Not once did I find myself feeling bored, and I assume as the game progresses and my drones become further equipped and more valuable not to lose, my interest will sustain. The UI is attractive and the game is smart. The console is really cool but I already like anything console based. Pretty neat being able to generate a command to autopilot your drone to another end of the ship to hack a defense interface, while manually pilotting a drone to gather scrap simultaniously. But know what this game is before you buy it. Looking for non stop action? Want that new thrill that can only be achieved by shredding guts and drenching your war torn body in the blood of your enemies?This game is not for you.Otherwise, redock your ship on airlock a3, risk it all, or decide and leave your most precious and currently disabled drone behind instead, and dont forget to seal a few doors as you go. Just in case ;)"
76561197995713298,Recommended,254320,23095167,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mad Ade,"I am loving the immersion on this game! Although I'm sat at my laptop, it's like I'm remotely controlling my robots out there somewhere with only their sensors to give an impression of what is going on.  The temptation to discover what is in that next room is enormous and the dissapointment when Garry is lost with the generator module with not enough scrap is immense.  I've been waiting for a game like this to pull me in for ages, and this does the job nicely.  Radiaton leak... Navigate all r1!!!"
,Recommended,254320,18937480,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,|NotD| mdix,"This game is absolutely amazing, believe me when I say I've never had so much in enjoyment in a game since Half-Life and Counter-Strike when I was itty bitty. I absolutely recommend at least giving this game a look and/or buy, and reading many of the other reviews on here."
,Recommended,254320,21355602,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cream-of-Plenty,"A deeply immersive and bleak roguelike about a wandering omega man and his ragtag band of robo-friends.  You will leapfrog across the known universe, one derelict at a time, and haunt the skeletons of former civilization via remote control and DOS-style command prompts.  Everything you consume--from fuel to tools to repairs--will be scavanged; every piece of information you glean about your hopeless surroundings will be provided through the grainy and deteriorating sonar feeds of drones, threadbare schematics, and corrupted data logs.At about the time you're low on fuel, running a skeleton crew of increasingly fickle drones and their increasingly unreliable equipment on dilapidated space stations and ghost ships, you'll realize the theme of Duskers: nothing lasts forever in this universe.That being said, the game rarely feels unfair.  You're given the tools to survive as you hop from one wreck to the next, uncovering fuel and scrap to help sustain your growing cast of drones and equipment.  You'll never seem to have enough to stay on top of everything, however, and the way you prioritize your repairs and mantain your roster of robots will influence just how long you might last once the meteor storms, hull breaches, creeping radioactive crud, and consuming swarms arrive.  Maintenance and upgrades are appropriately complex systems that opens up the door for a variety of strategies, and the degree to which neglect can manifest itself in your equipment--from the way a drone might start drifting to one side. a video feed might become corrupted, or a module might begin to fail--means that you will have to cope with the hardships of the things you can't immediately fix.Duskers is a roguelike tha provides a wealth of material and choices in a distinct format that really makes you feel like you're sitting at the controls of a commandeered vessel, picking through wreckage via command prompts.  If you've ever wanted to sit in Bishops seat and reenact the desperate moments of Aliens with cute robots for marines, this is your chance."
,Not Recommended,254320,22048886,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Buff Cookie,"Needs work.The RNG is so heavy, and certain modules so nerfed, you will need to hit reset before you do a single mission. 'Motion' can't even detect the room it's in 90% of the time, much less adjacent rooms. Stealth as a module is absolutely required to start off with(due primarily with how useless motion is), and most times you won't start with it. There are other 100% neccessary mods to find in order to (succesfully) raid ships you will need to pray the game gives you due to how nerfed a base mod  like motion is, or simply you have no capability to deal with certain enemies without 1 specific mod.As the game progresses, RNG will refuse to give you certain ship mods 100% neccessary to progress in the game. Such as quarrintine bypass or transporter to get on certain locked vessels.The 'end game' consists of, as far as I can tell, peddling along till you have to restart because all modules are at impossibly high failure rates to destroy themselves with no ability to repair them because of the game's stingyness with giving scrap to repair things. The logs to ""piece together' what happened to the galaxy are often uninteresting, and you will quickly get enough different ones to know exactly what happened to everyone. Leaving no further incentive but to peddle the RNG bike till you stop getting enough scrap for basic repairs.You can adjust breakdown rates and scrap rates in the options, but I am leveling my judgement at the intended base balance of the game. My judgement is game balance is poorly thought out in effort to force the player to 'diversify' their tactics in a game where you have no options to diversify your tactics unless you've already had the game hand you victory several times over in the form of a wider selection of mods. I've watched developer videos, and he often conflates the game softballing him wealthpacked ships with tactical prowess.  At which point you naturally succeede if you've already had the game hand you every mod you need.As is, the only viable tactic is gaining the ability to safely scout out rooms ahead of time for threats, but the ability to do so is limited. Even if you manage to spot a threat without endangering yourself, your ability to clear it or redirect it is entirely RNG rather than a factor of player skill.I really can't recommend it. Which is a shame. The gameplay is fun, but the problems with balance dead end even really good runs in to pointlessness after long enough."
76561198054408565,Not Recommended,254320,33940180,Posted: 31 July,all,damit_dennis,"I love the exploration/survival aspect, never knowing what you are going to get to work with.  You are constantly having to change your tactics based on what equipment you can find.  I play a lot of Darkest Dungeon so I can handle the frustration, but only frustration that comes with knowing that you can learn from your mistakes.  Frustration that comes from game crashing in mid game and making you loose equipment from the ship you just explored or from enimies just appearing in the room with you when there are none close by and all doors are shut, that is a frustration that makes me wait for a better version of this game.  I love this game and want it to be better but it is not worth it as-is."
76561198073372987,Recommended,254320,17637008,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sitchrea Potere,"This game oozes atmosphere, and has a lot of good strategy and gamepley elements. Buy it, you'll love it - so long as you enjoy strategy games."
,Recommended,254320,33601885,Posted: 16 July,all,FoolyGhouly,"Very creepy/atmospheric. Has a retro 80's horror feel to it. Strongly influenced by the Aliens franchise. Control remote drones and explore abandoned ships invaded by some kind of alien threat.I recommend buying this when it goes on sale. Good game, but $19.99 is a little pricey for a horror strategy game."
76561198080643429,Recommended,254320,28474562,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,qe2eqe,"This is a unique gameplay in in a fleshed out universe with lots of stuff to read. Consider it a randomly generated puzzle game meets roguelike, and it's got command line! All of the ambience is spot on, even the the splash screen and main menu is seamlessly immersive."
76561197988465206,Recommended,254320,28951229,Posted: 2 January,all,Squishy,"Although the difficulty curve is absoutely insane, the game was quite fun for the short time I played.User interface was well made and interesting to work with; more ""training"" is probably needed though for players to learn commands and modifications better.Visuals were very interesting and well designed; no complaints in that department whatsoever.Difficulty in the very beginning is no issue but as soon as you move into the second system, you begin experiencing an instant increase in radiation, a drastic incline in enemies, and very little assistance if the RNG is not working in your favor.I understand this game is most definitely tooled for more ""hard-core"" gamers, but for a player like me, the difficulty increase was too uncomfortable to stick with.Definitely giving the production group a thumbs up and props, and if this game features more customization, difficulty management or possibly modifications in the future, I will gladly re-purchase it and play much, much more."
,Recommended,254320,19755884,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Servo,"This game is truly unique and lots of fun to play with so many ways to do things.  The Console/Command Line implementation as one of the primary means of controlling your drones is fantastically satisfying and fairly intuitive to use.  I'm very excited to see this game at full release, but it is also completely playable / stable / entertaining right now.    The devs are active on the Steam forums so you can find details there about what is left to be done.  I recommend keeping an eye on this one if you are looking for a different and satisfying experience with lots of replay value."
76561198022322868,Recommended,254320,17914052,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,graydorian,"What a superb game! I'm absoultly hooked, the console command adds such a dimension, and just as you get more savvy with it, whoosh - 'Drone 1 has left the derilict' via the air lock..Nooooooo, he was my best drone! The more you play, the more the depth and harshness of poor decisions hit you. the interchangable modules on each drone (3 slots each) really plays a part. The closest so far was sneaking in a new airlock, swaping my 'Tow' module over to remaining Drone and pulling his other two downed mates back in for a hasty escape and much configuring of resources once home on current ship. So much fun and stratagy with powering doors, usuing motion scanners to trap nastys, then firing up defence guns to politley dispose of them for you. Setting traps, again utilizing airlocks to suck bad robots, swarms and rather red stuff before radiation renders room unuseable etc.I've really got into indie games this year, i was always panicing about my graphic card and system specs with high end 3d titles, however, so i really recoomend investing in this great title and casting off any snobbery. Trust me the retro 'Alien & Bladerunner' console beeps along with noise on the video screen really are great. So simple, but such a satisfying game with a little patience. You really feel that remote control and desperation for your ship and drone survival.Still in alpha, can only improve, but so good as it is already. Really wish the developer so much luck with this, dam good show :0)"
76561198045293271,Recommended,254320,23091047,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Trundle,"Do you look through your list of Steam games at times and have difficulty deciding what to play?You might be reading this because your all-of-the-games-I-own-are♥♥♥♥♥♥fueled search lead you here. Good.Duskers is unlike any game I've ever played before. The immersion. The feeling of helplessness when you make a bad decision and have to abandon your favorite drone (I'll come back for you Qbert, I swear). Or when you're stoked on successfully looting a ship by blowing your enemies out an airlock into space. The sense of urgency when the radiation alert sounds due to a failing airlock, leaving you with only a handful of seconds to retreat to safety. Or when the aging hull creeks a little louder than it did the last time... or did it? Do you continue into the next room in search of more sweet, sweet scrap? What about that disabled drone your sensors picked up in room R14 on the other side of the ship?Buy Duskers before I tell your girl about it and she falls in love with me."
,Recommended,254320,33760052,Posted: 23 July,all,deadlinegrunt,"This game is extremely unique and innovative.  It takes every convention of game design and game play, turns it on its head, and produces an experience that is personal.  Everything about this game is pretty much opposite of what a current trendy forumula is today.  I can't explain why you should buy this game.  I can only say I am hooked on it.  It's rogue like.  It's tower defense.  It's a strategy game. It's a true escape of immersion.  It's what VR was promising to deliver.  It lacks things you expect in a game, e.g. music, etc. yet it nails isolation to the point you anthropomorphize the game mechanics you control.It makes you feel bad for your strategic mistakes.  It's a gem hidden in plain sight.  I truly appreciate what Misfits Attic created with Duskers.  My only regret was only now starting to play it despite owning it for a while."
76561198063932365,Recommended,254320,33589459,Posted: 16 July,all,amere.oakman,"Loving this game. Atmosphere is great.Having built up three strong drones, a risky entry to a partially scanned room was the downfall for two of them.Scavenged for scrap in several ships and have slowly built up one drone again.Loving this game."
76561198050671513,Recommended,254320,17701695,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,never not here,"YES it is in early accessYES it has its quirksYES It is still worth getting in its early stage.I would probably explain this game as a mix between stratagy and dungeon crawler. Stratagy because you have to plan ahead, crawler because you explore dead spaceships that have long been abandond.Sure the graphics are not so good but HOLY CHEEZE this game is tense. Each room had me against the wall scared to death on what would happen to my poor little drones! You cannot control them directly, and it has permadeth. STRESSFULL.Not only that, the enemies have supprized me on a number of occations. The sound design for the enemies has gotten me on a number of occations, and it adds on to the suspence.You also have to do lots of Ellen Riply manuvers in order to survive. This really adds some great replayability, especially with the intruiging story. Sometimes before I board a ship I get occasional messages from an unknown person, witch adds on to the mystery of what is going on and what is happening.All in all, this is a small indie gem full of susspence, suprise and thinking. I enjoy this game."
,Recommended,254320,17670303,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FuzzyJello5,"I can honestly say this game has caught me off guard. I was expecting a rather limited and un-pollished game, but everything I've seen thus far shows to the contrary. Although, I must also admit that once I got this game, for me was hard to put it away once I started playing it. I started playing at night, and before I knew it, it was dawn breaking through my windows. The games art sytle is riviting and gives just the right tone to express a deep and full experiance to what the game develaper is trying to pull off. As you go through the tutorial you'll realize this game only uses keyboard commands, and although for some people that might seem off putting, I can assure you, the game progresses much faster without the use of a mouse. The game also features a command consule window, for those who like to program, this game is a must, however for those of you out there who have yet to jump on the programming waggon, this game serves as a great introduction for basic concept introductoin. The controls over all are very easy to use, and honestly only take seconds to master. I give is a 10/10 for simplicity, a 10/10 for art style, and an over all rating of 10/10 for initial time it takes to get use to the game. A very well made game, with loads of potential still abound."
,Recommended,254320,17686391,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,pmrn,"I am impressed.At first I balked at the price tag, 20 bucks seemed a little steep for an early access game of this type.  That was about 10 hours ago and I can easily see myself getting 200+ hours of enjoyment out of this game over the next couple of years.  Well worth your time and money.  Great tension, atmosphere, and strategy/management.  This is a good game to accompany Invisible Inc., another procedurally generated stealther.Duskers is realtime, not turnbased or quasi-turnbased.  Oddly enough I found myself thinking about the old NES game The Lost Vikings while I was playing Duskers.Perhaps more so than other roguelikes, this game forces you to press on after a failure.  If you aren't willing to accept a sub-optimal outcome, you're never going to visit more than 2 or 3 systems because of all the resetting you're going to do.  This game is all about developing your own strategy and set of best practices that constantly evolve and change with the changing conditions in the derelicts.  Just when you feel like you've got a good rythm going and you can clear out the derilicts without too much trouble...bang!  Swarm of nanobots!  Asteroid impacts!  Radiation leak!This isn't exactly an action game, but it will keep you on the edge of your seat - and like some of the best games, it punishes you for being careless, lazy, greedy, or hurried."
,Recommended,254320,17867109,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,IcyCaress,"This game...Do not take my low play time lightly, there are two reasons for this:1) I am trying to save some of the game for the Let's Play I intend to do soon2) I am addicted to this game in college (External Hard Drive)So, without further adieu, allow me to begin to bore you with opinions! :D------------------This game is AWESOME. For anyone who loves to play challenging, time consuming, rewarding and involving games where survival and discovery is written into the very fabric of the game then this is for you! Set in a weird future where we enter a future to discover what happened in the future and prevent the future (I think) this game takes strategy to a whole new level compared to most other Rogue Likes you can find out there. (Looking at you FTL @.@)One of the weirdest things I have found about this game so far is that, despite all logical thought, ""I truly began to care about my drones!""I know, weird right? But all their goofy beeps and bloops really grew on me, to the point where losing one was a hit to the heart. :/ (I will miss you forever Matthew...)Anyways, if you need some gameplay peeps have made some on Youtube already and I will be diving in head first soon also, so keep your eyes out!Peace, and don't let your face be nommed by space virus bug flying annoying fast red bleeps."
,Recommended,254320,23075663,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tigroon,"A game with an atmosphere so thick, you could cut it with a knife. One of those truly unique games that suck you in, and spit you out, leaving you running back for more."
,Recommended,254320,23075250,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,jim,"I haven't written a review before, but playing this game thus far has been an absolute delight. Being that I hadn't heard a single thing about the game prior to seeing it on the store and subsequently buying it, my expectations were relatively low. But boy, this game just blew me away in the first few minutes. If it even remotely interests you, I'd highly suggest it."
76561198008051049,Recommended,254320,23935959,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rene,"You know a game gets to you when after the first session you get up to go to the bathroom and hesitate at the door.""Should I use my motion detector here?"""
,Recommended,254320,28962176,Posted: 2 January,all,Fangadora,"In all honesty, this game is scary. Not in the boo jump scares, or the obscene imagery. It is do to a lack of what you do not know. You are operating on your ship at the edge of a desk and a computer terminal. You can only guess to what your drones are looking at, emotionlessly at scenes of grisly horror. This brings up the scarier side of science fiction, the end. All civilizations fall. You are doing everything in your power to survive with no real knowledge of what happened, other than every ship you encounter is dead. Whether the machines, aliens, disease, parasites, or just starvation killed these people. You do not witness the horrors, the machines you send in are the sole witness of many of these people's stories."
,Recommended,254320,17671295,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Digital,"Be aware, this is definately early in production, but there's a lot of potential here.  If you liked games like Uplink or Hacknet, you should definately try this."
76561198032279844,Recommended,254320,21758307,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Max Power!,"This game is proof that graphics do not equate to quality, and vice-versa.While it could be argued that the asking price is just a *little* steep, I personally don't feel any buyer's remorse.  Don't let the Steam play-timer fool you, I've played this game extensively on an external hard drive off of my main computer.  With the most bare-bones of background stories given to you at the beginning, you're tasked with figuring out for yourself what happened to everyone, as well as where (and possibly when) you are as you scavenge through scores of abandoned, broken-down, dead husks of ships and space stations with skittish little drones and dilapidated equipment that insists on breaking down on you at the worst possible times.  The UI is simplistic and a bit strange to anyone who didn't grow up in the DOS era, but it's very easy to get the hang of.  The fact that the entire game is played via keyboard (no mouse input), in my opinion, actually adds to the experience.  Couple that with playing the game alone in a dark room, and you can really convince yourself that you're the one piloting these little buggers remotely from your crumbling safe haven aboard a lone starship in a dead universe.I've seen this game described as ""survival horror.""  I don't necessarily agree with such a label, but more than once Duskers has had me nervously edging forward on my seat, holding my breath as I pry open a malfunctioning hatch, terrified of what I might be unleashing on the other side.  More than once the game actually succeeded in making me violently jump in surprise, slamming on the keyboard like an epileptic orangutan with a hyperactivity disorder as I desperately tried to coerce my uncooperative fingers into typing out the chain of commands necessary to save whatever drones I could, slamming hatches shut to keep the unseen horrors from getting aboard my docking ship.After a while, once you figure things out, the game *does* have a tendency to get a little repetitive, but random mishaps keep you on your toes, disrupting your usual routine once in a while and helping break the tedium before it gets bothersome.  Airlocks may fail randomly, your drones' video feeds will cut out leaving you temporarily blind, a section of a derelict's hull may buckle and allow lethal radiation to leak into the ship you're exploring.  There are few times aboard any of the derelicts where you feel truly safe and secure.To Misfits Attic, I say ""bra-vo.""  Keep up the good work.  I look forward to how development of this game progresses."
76561197968413283,Recommended,254320,23080793,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ShadowDragon8685,"This game scares me in ways that Dead Space did not. I'm not sure if that's a selling point, but holy cow!I mean, the player character is on a ship somewhere far away from this, and only robotic drones are being sent into the line of fire, but holy cow!Worth $18? I'm not sure, but I don't regret it, either."
,Not Recommended,254320,34142638,Posted: 10 August,all,Thaly I guess,"Summary:How should I start about this game... well, it is awesome game that got at least from my perspective forgoten by developers. I remember when I was writing comments on youtube with ideas to game and having discusions about tweaking the ideas so that they fit the game. It was awesome. About the game itself. It's fun, but not for long, it lacks changes, story or at least some kind of mid/end game. I would love to give this game 'Yes' but here's a problem, game doesn't feel finished and well it is not. It has so much potential in it but it feels abandoned and forgoten. Which is pretty much the worst thing to happen for indie game.Pros:- Atmosphere, game itself has awesome atmosphere that is supported by mastercrafted background noises.- Basic Programing, game itself is controlled by basic programing language, which is really unique and works awesome.- It's really scary, well I sh♥t my pants multiple times when Swarm just rushed all of my drones.- RNG, what to say about that, who doesn't love RNG-zus.Cons:- Lack of story, game gives you logs, that makes you feel like there's story, but actually there's none.- Abandoned and unfinished, game doesn't feel finished, once you spent few hours on one save you'll feel like doing same thing. I was hoping for some kind of mission to get home or something like that, but NOPE.- Bugs, It happens pretty regulary that drone or swarm just walks through doors or just spawns in first room withount any way of killing it.Just as I said, it's awesome game, but right now I wouldn't pay that much money for abandoned project."
,Recommended,254320,29140524,Posted: 9 January,all,Kosmit,"Duskers is a game where you travel from system to system, dock to derelict ships and space stations and explore them by controlling drones through a command line interface or piloting them directly. You are a lone survivor in space and your goal is to, well, survive and piece together what happened to the rest of humanity from the scraps of information that are left in corrupted ship logs.The Good:+ The atmosphere of this game is amazing. The player is alone in space and severely lacking in resources. Your ship and your drones break down over time. Every bit of scrap and fuel counts, every mistake can quickly result in drone losses and can potentially be your undoing. So you sit there, open a new door and patiently watch the sensors if anything enters from it. No response. Is the room really empty or does the enemy just not feel like moving? Maybe you did not wait long enough? Or you want to enter a new room, but the main video feed showing the layout of the ship breaks down, so you can only see things from the drone's perspective. Is the door you are next to connected to a safe, unexplored room, or the room your sensors show has enemies in it? The tension is real.+ Interface design is great. Most things have to be done through an old school command line. As a result, issuing tasks to drones takes time. Time, which the player often does not have as, for example, a swarm of enemies is coming. Trying to type fast results in mistakes, which can be the difference between life and death (for example, is was supposed to open door d15, accidentally opened door d16 - which led to a room open to space due to a damaged airlock. Two drones went flying into the void...). All of this adds to the tension.+ Plot is done in an interesting way. The scraps of information you find provide hints for several scenarios of what might have happened to humanity. That sets objectives for the player, some of them pretty difficult. Here is the thing though - when you fail (lose all drones or run out of fuel), you reset the game. This places you in a different place of the universe, but keeps your progress plot-wise. So even if you fail (and you will), you don't lose what you've achieved so far.The Mediocre~ Difficulty. This game is difficult as it is reaaaaally easy to make a mistake, resulting in the need to restart. Personally I do not mind, BUT you can sometimes get screwed over by random chance, which is not cool. More on that later.~ No definitive answers. As you uncover more information about what happened, you begin to realise there is no clear answer. There are subtle hints as to who the player is, several possible scenarios for the destruction of humanity, but no clear cut solution. I like the way this is, but if you are looking for definitive answers and a feeling of closure, you will be severely disappointed.~ Level design. All of the ships, space stations and outposts are rectangle shaped and flat, though the specific layout is randomly generated. This gets repetitive after a while. Duskers could use more variety in this department. Two ideas to spice things up come to mind: ships with multiple levels of variable size and rooms for specific purpose (engine room, bridge etc.) with loot based on that.The Bad:- Imbalance. There are upgrades both for the ship and for the drones. Some upgrades make the game much easier (Stealth), other are pretty useless (Stun). It doesn't help that some upgrades are basically variants of each other (Trap, Mine and Stun for example)- Random generation. It can ruin some runs for you due to several resons. First of all, some objectives require specific drone / ship upgrades or ships. I once spent several hours travelling the universe to find the Transporter (needed to access Outposts), and when I finally did, the nearest outpost was on the other end of the universe. Secondly, ship layout can often screw you over. Don't want to go into details as to why, but if the starting room is small and has no door open, you might as well just leave. The risk is not worth it. There are also issues with clutter on the ship, which can sometimes block the path to parts of the ship or otherwise provide annoying pathing problems for the drones.Overall, I do recommend the game. It has a slow, methodical pace (aside from short bursts of panic) and a tense atmosphere, which I quite like. However, it is not a game for everyone. The deliberately ""clunky"" interface will scare off many players."
,Recommended,254320,33297920,Posted: 5 July,all,TKR101010,"""Yay! I made it out of the first star system!"" - Drones get killed at the first ship I visit in the next system.""Woohoo! Finally got drones in all my roster slots!"" - Gets careless on the next mission and looses three of them fully equiped with mods.""Alright. Got a good recovery going. Let's not muck this up on the next mission."" - Next mission a metor shower hits the derelict while I'm in it, exposing several rooms to the vacuum of space. Two drones die instantly, one of them the power supply drone. Those two drones were in a hallway that bisected the ship. Now my remaining drones are trapped on the other side of that hallway with no way to power the doors to reroute and return to the ship.I love this game. :)"
76561197971117705,Recommended,254320,28966657,Posted: 2 January,all,Lizud,"I used to design machine control systems in the 80's and 90's and the Duskers interface is exactly like the ones that existed back then - only a LOT nicer.   I say this because it gives the game a feeling of a real simulation.  If there were real robots on the other end that you were controlling it would work exactly the same.  It's a level of immersion that you usually don't get in this type of game.You have a lot of control over what happens, but when things go bad you'd better have a plan in place because there's no time to think on your feet.  The game rewards careful planning and a systematic approach.   There is constant tension because your robots don't do anything unless you tell them to and typing is your only form of communication.  It makes you both detached and very involved at the same time.  When the unexpected happens, your survival depends on thinking straight and typing straight.  That combination makes each event a nail biter.The randomness of the equipment that you find and the fact that stuff wears makes you constantly adjust your loadouts and strategy.  It's a challenge to outfit a team that's flexible enough to handle whatever you find on each wreck. You don't know the layout until you're already on board, so figuring out what to take and which robot carries what is a mini game in itself.Your robots can swap and equip upgrades on the fly, which is very useful.The command line system is very flexible and you can create aliases to make your own commands.  This is pretty powerful and there's a couple of commands you should definitely make to keep yourself alive longer.  They are""run"" which makes all your robots go back to the shuttle, and ""slam"" which shuts all the doors.  Those two commands will usually save most of your robots.  ( I always use robot 4 as my power robot, so my ""run"" command only sends the other three robots back, otherwise the doors won't close if my power robot disconnects)There are a lot of interesting ways that you can deal with the aliens and as you play you'll come up with some pretty clever solutions.  At first the game mechanics seem pretty simple, but there's a lot of emergent behaviors you can take advantage of to solve problems.There a lot of depth to this game and one thing I really like is that each ship exploration only takes between five and fifteen minutes, so it make a great filler game for when you have a free moment here and there.Giving this a big thumbs up for it's very unique approach, constant tension, and how it encourages creative solutions."
,Not Recommended,254320,31194012,Posted: 17 April,all,Ryan,"I loved this game, but the outrageous wear and tear on components when you use them takes all the fun out of it.  It punishes you when using the tools at your disposal, making only a few of the components really viable."
,Recommended,254320,19889332,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Shadow Assassin,Absolutely an intense scenario. The controls are simple but they keep you just detached enough that youa re going to be relying on your tactical skills rather than your quickness running away. The difficulty curve is solid and the idea is interesting 5/7 great game
76561198240852590,Recommended,254320,30032563,Posted: 19 February,all,sguri145,"- the motion sensor shows no movement in the next room although i can't see the end of the room- i open the door- thinking about sending in a dron but since the sensor still shows no movement i decide not to waste one- i enter the room and slowly move toward the other end- i see an open door at the end of the room- ""d11"" trying to close it- the door is not responding- backing up- suddenly swarm coming through the door- PANIC- retreating to the previous room- ""drone 1 video signal lost""- ""d10"" trying to close the door so my other two drones can be saved- the drone was destroyed in the doorway so it cannot be closed- PANIC- the swarm coming through the door- ""days survived: 5""- RESET10/10 will send a drone in next timeAbsolutely brilliant game. The tension is like Alien Isolatin. Was thinking about waiting for a sale but after i have read the story of the making of the game at the developer site, i decided not to so bought at full price."
76561198048765089,Recommended,254320,23360443,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Astromallow,"I've wanted a game like duskers for a long time, controlling drones with commands and moving around derelict spacecraft. I feel like I'm in an alien movie with how the computer interface is set up.The game itself reminds me heavily of FTL, with its randomized layout and having to constantly reset your game if you happen to be a perfectionist such as I.PROS:-Lovely interface. Feel like I'm using an actual ship computer with the keyboard interface.-Random mechanics make for a different and interesting experience every time.-Drone upgrades are all well balanced and helpful.-The ability to comandeer a new ship helps immersion in an increasingly desolate universe.CONS:-Many times the game is not clear on where you are supposed to be going. I'm still not sure how to get access to the quarantined vessels.-Could maybe benefit from a bit more structure.Honestly, the CONS are kind of nitpicks. I can find very little about this game that I did not like. It comes highly recommended from me."
76561197965067948,Recommended,254320,24966982,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Stabby McStabStab,"The name Duskers is meant to reflect the bleakness of ""a tale set at the possible sunset of humanity"".  The last bit in quotes was written by Misfits Attic when asked on the forums what the name of the game meant and where it came from, and it is all too appropriate.You feel it every time you hear your ship dock to another wreck.Every time your drone's mic crackles.Every groan a ruptured pipe makes.Every warning that an asteroid is headed your way.Every notice that a door is being broken through.Every awful roar that you hear before losing your camera feed.Every move you make must be calculated.You can not get sloppy with your drone commands.One mistake can mean game over.THIS. GAME. IS. RUTHLESS.>Duskers 8.5/10"
,Recommended,254320,23186143,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,elcman,"I'm just baby steps into this game and I absolutely love the vibe. There are so many layers already and I see it growing even more.  On the surface, it could be considered a ""puzzler"", but then navigating through debris filled rooms with the thrumming of space and the creak of metal. You're transported into a lone, sweating survivor, hopping from ship to ship with the hope tthat you'll find enough to move on to the next... to eventually understand what happened to everyone.Everyone but you."
,Recommended,254320,34870829,Posted: 10 September,all,Charlie Watchtower,"This Game is NOT for everyone, it has niche mechanics which pile on top of one another, however, it is true that this game atmosphere of horror is perpetuated perfectly by the non-inclusion of a soundtrack bringing emphasis to sound design and the game then going to some absurd lengths to preserve immersion above all else. This game takes itself very seriously, so it won’t be for everyone, but if it is for you, you’re going to love it.Find the Full Video overhere:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAEOsgwLkSw"
,Recommended,254320,23228221,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,AlienPickle,"The space Roomba simulator Gotham deserves.This reminds me spiritually of the old infocom adventure Suspended.  I mean, it has nothing in common with it aside from using text to order robots around to solve puzzles, but it's enough to make me really hope the dev attempts a graphical reboot of Suspended.  Subtle hint, wink, nudge nudge.  Please?"
76561198012918208,Recommended,254320,23111407,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,irvfrost,"looks simple but it's not. Fun? Yes! challenging? Yes! Worth getting in  your steam library? Yes!Really enjoyed playing this unique game. The exploring is fun, the strategy is great! It gets harder as you start to lose drones, upgrades either through being attacked or wear and tear from use. It's the first game that's actually pulled me away from Fallout 4 for a bit. For an indie game this is really well done."
,Recommended,254320,18434550,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Thexant,"I originally played this game at 4:30 in the morning, alone in the dark and it was perfect.Great game, not technically horror in my eyes though it has made me jump before.Very unique gameplay, based around a command interface with really interesting visuals.8.5/10 right now, will probably go up as the game gets updated"
,Recommended,254320,26591409,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"I believe you don't know the true meaning of horror while typing on your keyboard unless you play this game.And what i mean by horror is the unspeakable dangers that lurk inside those derilect spaceships/stations/outpost as you may try to scavange many items, disabled drones, and perhaps gather clues to why the universe seemed to have become an apocalyptic graveyard.   You can only control most of the drone's actions by commands and keyboard arrows, one at at time.  think of this as simple programming.  you give the command for the drone to do it's thing or whatever tools it has.the wrong move or wasted oppurtunity could spell disaster for your exploration endeavors.Oh and infestations aren't the only things that oppose your drone fleet...."
,Recommended,254320,23842722,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,smurphy,"Duskers is to Alien what FTL is to Star Trek. I think that sums is up pretty well.I just had my first big meltdown. I was being cocky, leaving all the doors open behind me. Well when an alien swarm got loose that didn't help a bit. They took down the drone powering the derelict, which made me doubly screwed. One drone with stealth hauled♥♥♥♥♥off the ship, dragging my disabled power drone with it on the way out while the other two were attacked. My heroic stealth drone went out to try and tow someone else back to safety, but he never made it back...Maybe I can repair my downed power drone and go back for a daring rescue..."
,Recommended,254320,26124233,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,PlasteredDragon,This is a great little game.  For the price there's plenty of fun to be had.
,Recommended,254320,17650370,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dagg,"Awesome game so far, easy to get immersed into and is very hardcore and unforgiving. 20 bucks is a bit much for an early access game, but I'm absolutely ready to see more content for that price."
76561197993453512,Recommended,254320,20278892,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,memmott,"Still a work in progress, but when I paly this, I feel like I'm the captain in aliens controlling my squad and seeing them slowy picked off one by one.Would die again."
,Recommended,254320,23074693,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TkBD,Pretty cool game so far! I love the look and feel! Great job!
76561198011895512,Recommended,254320,23075921,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Civil,"I finally managed to get a turret for my dronesOf course, I managed to accidentally vent the drone carrying it into space the very next ship I boarded....Very atmospheric, tense and enjoyable"
76561198092778590,Recommended,254320,23073675,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Loksmith,"Great game, the style is great and the blend of CLI and fuzzy graphics give it a amazing quality and sci-fi/horror factor.  Glad I got it, it's addictive."
76561198060734390,Recommended,254320,23377433,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DimensionHatross,"Ok, only early days for me, but a couple of things about this game: It rewards thoughtfulness, has oodles of tension, and makes you feel like some kind of elite hacker guy just for using a semicolon or two. That first time I navigated to a room AND gathered scrap with one command?- good times :PReally great game and very unique, it's minimalism lends itself to letting your mind fill in the blanks and fear what may or not be behind that next door- like all the best games and movies should.If you like squad controllers, tense atmosphere, problem solving/crisis management, and fearing for your life, get this game."
,Recommended,254320,25275960,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Domus Dux,"This is a cerebral game that challenges you to logically think your way through problems while carefully weighing the costs and benefits of each choice. Suspense is maintained through  increasingly difficult systems and each playthrough never quite the same. Fallout players will appreciate the scavenge-upgrade-break-repair side of the game and sci-fi fans will love the carefully crafted atmosphere and continual updates from the committed developer. Load it onto a USB and play it in the library between classes if you like, but don’t be surprised if you catch yourself playing it till 3am on an expensive rig that’s built to run your other $500 in “high end” games.You have been warned.Duskers dumps you in the middle of a post-apocalyptic futuristic universe where everyone seems to have disappeared for no reason. Follow the trail of logs and you’ll find the creepy stories and notes that piece together what happened, or you can just fly around looting and booting.Some updates can make it difficult to get the ball rolling, like when a sudden radiation leak wipes out your drones or it suddenly becomes impossible to find fuel. There's not much in the way of a tutorial either, and the trial and error can be frustrating at times.It’s remarkable that so much can be accomplished with so little. And not from a Minecraftian “just get used to everything being cubes” point of view either. You actually feel like you’re running a makeshift drone salvage operation from a crappy monitor right after society bought the farm.You will laugh. You will cry. Your typing will improve. And you’ll never make it to Diamond City.Example:You begin on your ""ship."" Mind you, it's represented by a 2D map of where you currently are in your local volume of space. You’re low on jump fuel, and experience has taught you that it’s most commonly found on space stations.There’s one on the other side of the system, but that’ll cost you four of your six remaining propulsion. You could also try your luck with the two abandoned salvage ships that lie between you and the space station. There might be a a replacement for poor “Wall-E” the drone who was accidentally blown out the airlock on your last salvage run (not speaking from personal experience).You’re feeling ballsy, so you hit “t” and catapult your starship across the system toward the station, which is instantaneously registered in-game by the green triangle disappearing from your current location and reappearing at the station. Great. Your palms sweat in anticipation.Looking over your readout, you see that it’s a Class “B” Station, which you’ve come to understand is usually about 20 large rooms and a few hallways laid out in a square or rectangular fashion with lots of airlocks to dock to around the edges. A lot of ground to cover, and easy territory to lose a drone in, but the wreck’s only 121 days old with 2 infestations, so there won’t be too much radiation leaking through the hull and there won’t be too much “wildlife” to worry about. The eerie atmospheric hum is starting to get to you.You hit “board,” which brings up your drones and the names you’ve given them. “Tom” is your front man with a stealth module that lets him go where he pleases without drawing aggro. You found his assistant, “Jerry,” a few runs a go. He’s more triangular in shape and you’ve added quite a few speed boost modules and a tow attachment so he can loot the rooms that “Tom” has cleared. “Zoidberg” has a power generator that powers the doors and consoles on the ghost ships you board with. For the most part, he sits in the room with the power inlet while you play chess with the rest of the map. You wish that he had died, not Wall-E.Your drones are repaired 100%, you have all the modules you need, and you’re ready to go. You hit *Enter*, the screen goes black, and there’s a loud clack of metal and hydraulics as you dock with the ghost ship. A detailed readout comes up  that would normally tell you if the ship was a pirate, military vessel, or other designation, but this is a space station, so there’s not much to tell. *Enter* A fade from black bring up a top-down view of your ship’s pitifully small drone hold, small box connected to an airlock with nothing but the the black unknown beyond it. Tom, Jerry, and Zoidberg await you command in iridescent blue text.Typing *stea” auto completes to “stealth” and Tom’s corresponding module begins slowing ticking down from 100%, rendering him invisible.*a1* Airlock One opens, represented by the splitting of a yellow box labeled as such. The console reads out “Commencing Salvage Operation.”*1* You take manual control of Drone One (Tom), your camera centering and following the little object.Using the arrow keys, you steer “Tom” into the unknown, a small beam lighting the walls and debris in front of him.He’s through the airlock. *a1* Airlock One closes, trapping him in.There’s nothing amiss in the first room (r1), so you *a1* and *nav 2, 3*, calling Jerry and Zoidberg into the room. The AI takes over and the other two bots smoothly glide into the room to join you.*stealth* Tom’s stealth module deactivates.*gen* auto completes to “generator” and the drone that carries it, “Zoidberg,” saunters over to the power outlet and powers it up. There’s a whirring noise and the map of the ship lights up, or at least the rooms that are powered now, anyway.You motion scan the next room and it brings up nothing, so it’s probably safe. You send 2 back into your ship and lock the door on him so if something comes charging into the room when you open the door you’ll only lose Tom and Zoidberg. There’s nothing hostile in the next room and there’s no vents for radiation or “fly swarms” to leak in from other parts of the ship. You call in Jerry to pick up the Scrap lying on the ground and link up to the computer console on the wall with his interface module.With power and an interface, the console tells you the rest of the layout of the station, where the remaining scrap is, and, ooooooooo-- a nice looking pile of jump fuel two rooms over.You run a motion scan and two harsh beeps and some frantic red scan lines tell you that there’s something nasty in the next room over. You could go around it, using an adjacent hallway, but you’d rather go through it and kill the thing. You don’t have any weapons to engage whatever’s in there, but there’s an airlock in an empty adjacent room. Someone’s about to go the way of Wall-E.*c14* The door between the infested room and the empty room opens and a few seconds later the baddie takes the bait and moves into the new room.*c14* Now he’s sealed in and the path to the jump fuel stash is open. But hey, this is your station now.*a5* You “air out” the monster’s room, setting off alarm chirps and warning messages that room 6 has been exposed to the vacuum. Flashing yellow hatch marks fill the room. *Smile*.*a5* The airlock closes before the red laces of radiation can leak in. The yellow lines flash more slowly as atmosphere is restored. Scans show that the room is clear.A hot minute later, Jerry is slurping up all of the jump fuel goodness that the station  has to offer. A warning message comes up: “Asteroids incoming” with a list of rooms that can be hit and the likelihood that they will be hit and exposed to the vacuum. The current room is rated at 84% chance of impact. Time to go.*dock a5* Your ship undocks from a1 and reappears docked to a5, shortening the trip for your drones to return.*a5; nav all r1* a5 opens and all of your drones autonomously make for the mother ship.*exit* You ship undocks and you live to fight another day.Enjoy this great game and don’t be shy about converting anything you don’t need into scrap. You won’t regret it.Good hunting."
76561197968589305,Not Recommended,254320,23160809,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Soondead,"Looks and feels fantastic and could have been a deep tactical thinker. Instead, it's like playing russian roulette with 5 bullets -- the game never gives you a fair chance and all your tools are broken by design. Take motion sensors for example: You MAY start with 50 or perhaps even zero. They only work on 1/4 of the rooms to begin with and as the game progresses they become even more unreliable. Do everything right, be fast, careful AND be damned lucky with what chances you take and the game punishes you with random events like the entire ship flooding with radiation that kills everyone. Oh and I almost forget, this is in the beginning of the game. I played for two days and never once got past the second system. Screw this."
,Not Recommended,254320,29528244,Posted: 27 January,all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,It's really cool but all you do is dock to ships/stations and loot them while avoiding or killing enemies.Needs more content etc
76561198055830572,Not Recommended,254320,34364400,Posted: 19 August,all,Prinplup Blue,"♥♥♥♥ I hate when this happens. This game has a ridiculously cool concept, yet executes it so terribly.The game consists of driving around little drones through abandoned space ships, strategically trying to loot as much as possible while not losing drones to any hazards (mostly monsters). There is a story to it, but I never got very far as progression comes down to luck to a significant degree.What really bothers me is how boring the game is; there is very little depth to what you can do. While the first time you launch a creature through an airlock feels awesome, you eventually just settle into a routine of picking up scrap from every ship before moving on to the next, judging what you can grab and what's too risky to go for. There are no interesting features among the ships you land at, just more scrap, maybe a drone or upgrade you don't really need or want, and that's it. Pack up and move on.The only thing that changes from the very first ship is the RNG ship layout and the emergence of new threats, but never new rewards. You only find more scrap to keep your drones going and then you move on to the next ship to repeat the process all over again.The horror of not knowing what's behind the next door and the thinking you go through to plan out your strategy are so thrilling, but when you do the same process over and over again, they lose their impact."
76561198014403206,Recommended,254320,17650539,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Steeeeeeve,Great game!  Still beta :(  This is exactly the sort of thing Early Access is for.  Five stars.
,Recommended,254320,23059985,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Check M8,I've never been so afraid of three beeps in my life...
76561198264217993,Not Recommended,254320,31593849,Posted: 6 May,all,chesskoopatroopa,"Although Duskers has a great control scheme which makes it enjoyable, I have two main problems with it.On the OS X platform (gasp he's a mac gamer), Duskers has serious stability problems. For me, about every 45 minutes to an hour the display from the robots point of view would freeze and go rainbow. Within 5 minutes the game would freeze. At first I though this was a cool way of simulating disconnect, but then the app quit responding.My second problem is that the game never really changes. Sure, you find different ships and slightly different challenges, but the ships are all about the same. If you have motion, shield, turret, and aren't dumb the game become ridiculously easy. Even with just turret and shield you can take on most enemies easily, or just let them bounce of shield until you can manage to get a door closed. For me there isn't enough variety in the enemies or challenges. I'd try the challenge mode, but if the game starts to crash you can either exit the vessel you are exploring early, sprint through the rest of it, or wait until the game kicks you out of the ship.tl;drThis game has a novel concept and interaction tool, which I love, along with awesome environment and cool world discoveries, but the stability issues and lack of growth make it not worth $20 for me.If MisfitAttic were to be able to fix the stability issue, then I would consider this game worth probably $20. If they were to expand the amount of different upgrades and enemies and other stuff, then I would absolutely love this game. I loved it so much for the first couple hours, but it just didn't really change sadly.I would love to up vote, but can't."
76561197993429739,Recommended,254320,23126862,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,HAZARD-bot,"Atmospheric, EXTREMLY stategic, tense, nerve-wracking. Now one of my favorite indie games, nearly on par with FTL."
,Recommended,254320,23088339,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,pH. Jin_D3vil,"Quick Summery+Game delivers the experience really well.-The graphics will put people off, but I think they will miss out.+Delivers shocks and tension better than a lot more expensive games.-The control methods is not going to appeal to everyone.However I think the controls are fundamental to the experience.Initial ImpressionsThis game is really fun Sci-Fi puzzle game. You can say it is a rogue like in some ways as there is an element of death and having to restart. But you are often able to come back from mistakes so I don't think this is the kind of game that fits the rogue like genera as most people would define it. While you can be killed because of a mistake much later on, the game isn't so brutal as to kill you immediately unless you are really unlucky. There is an element of luck to it for certain, but you really need to think of what to do with the information you have and weigh up the risks as well. You may find that pushing to get something extra or exploring 'one more room' is not worth what it could costs you. It may sound silly, but leaving with what little you found is often the smart thing to do than risking one more room and losing a valuable drone(s) or much more.The game is seen primarily via the terminal of your ship or through the augmented cameras of your drones as you manually control them. The only true image you have is this drone camera which also provides the sounds of the ship or station you are exploring. While normally this kind of disconnect usually reduces the impact of things that happen in the game. This limitation instead manages to genuinely make exploration tense and far more foreboding. This forced reliance on your drones for your survival makes you really fond of your drone team. At the start you'll have three named drones which you can rename if you desire. Each drone will have different equipment equipped and may vary in some stats (health seems to be the main stat difference early on). They also have different designs and can look unique amongst themselves, which helps give them 'personalities'. Making one drone your explorer and another a recovery drone will entail different levels of affection and a strange bond forms because of this. It may be more to do with what each drone has equipped and what their loss will mean initially. But after a while you'll not want to lose them, or at least I didn't.My first exploration drone was called Anthony and he was a brave little soul. He would go delving into unknown rooms that I wasn't always sure if they were safe or not without complaint. Stupidly at one point I accidentally killed him with the defence gun of a ship I was exploring. I had forgotten to disable it before I moved him into the room to pick-up scrap and he got killed because of my input blunder. I dutifully sent in Derek who had a Tow to recover him and take him home to the ship. While Anthony wouldn’t be used during the rest of the ship exploration I was glad he wasn't lost to me. He had done his job so many times I had genuinely grown fond of him and his three friends who had been with him for so long. Perhaps it's because I am reliant on them so much that they feel like important members of the crew, and while they are fundamentally replaceable they had earned my respect. I ended up losing my entire team and failing at a later stage due to my own errors. This fondness however had changed how I approached problems and exploration and I assume from now on I may play completely different again.The graphics are really great for what they are representing. But I don't think they will appeal to a lot of people because at a glance it doesn't look like much at all, and they may just dismiss this game. Which is frankly a real shame as it is genuinely a really unique experience to play and it manages to deliver more tension and shock than a lot of horror games have done in a while. The game sets out to do something and it does it really well, it reminds me a lot of the Alien films and games. The premise is one of real interest and lends itself to the idea of trying to survive against the unknown. All without hugely expensive graphics and effects, with really simple and well thought out designs.The Drones are controlled via command line inputs, and while you can manually navigate you will always use the command line to interact and pick-up things. For a lot of people this will be a really annoying thing and I can imagine a lot of people will feel the controls could be changed. But I think the controls are central to how you play the game and the experience as a whole. It is very close to what the poor survivor is using and creates the feeling of having no real direct control on your fate and reliant on the drones is the key thing that makes this experience work as well as it does."
,Recommended,254320,17901611,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Really fun rogue-like experience.I hate when people compare games to certain titles that are destined to be classics such asFTLorBinding of Isaacbecause it almost feels like people are trying to lure that particular crowd into something lesser. In this case, I can definately feelFTLin here. Not anything near a copy, just that addictive space kind of deal. Essentially,Duskershas the anxiety of theAliensmovies with the VHS camera fuzz and unknown things moving through dark corridors. You are working through what looks like a DOS prompt terminal. You use keywords to control the drones.The main problem with this game is that you cannot capture the awesomeness through LetsPlays or trailers.Trust me, I watched hours of this to try to find out why its getting rave reviews. I was bored watching it - but fortunately playing it is a whole other deal.Pros:+Really fresh game mechanic that creates awesome puzzles+Commanding the drones through the prompt makes you feel like a boss. A hacker boss to be precise.+Graphics work and minimal sound are great+Uncovering the story of what happened is really cool and edgy+Quite addictive - 'just one more go' kind of game+I love games where all you need is the keyboard - perfect for laptopsCons:-It is expensive, which makes it difficult for people who are on the fence (perhaps they should have a one level demo)-I am just entering mid-game, so I am sure more will come upI see myself playing alot of this."
,Recommended,254320,23235943,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,"Everything about this game appeals to me. The survival horror elements are perfect, the atmosphere and immersion are excellent, and the tension it can create with a frankly very basic GUI is just unreal.Typed ""a3"" instead of ""dock a3"" and accidentally flushed all my drones into space, 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,254320,23092730,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,tmrdr,"I really like this game. Roguelike, resource management, exploration, programming, mystery, deep dark lonely space, and survival horror. good♥♥♥♥♥♥all round."
,Recommended,254320,30273812,Posted: 1 March,all,Lewdsbeth,"This is by far my favorite low graphic demanding game of all time. Mainly because of how simple yet pressuring the gameplay can be.My favorite part of this game is when something goes wrong (e.g. Opening wrong door and letting an enemy enter to attack your drones), you are frantically trying to think of a strategy, typing the commands in, and piloting the drones all at the same time. It's stressful when it happens, but satisfying when you win.The only thing I'd wish for this game to have is a better UI, something like cool-old-term with the screen reflection, burnt in image effects, and ominous glow. Kinda like in Alien where all the monitors are still CRT's and the image is distorted but still able to make it out.Other than that, this game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,254320,30271998,Posted: 1 March,all,Kalijawan(Kal),"I was expecting a game like BaSH. I was expecting it to be more complicated, but it wasn't, but not in a bad way. I found that it works like Cisco IOS, which is very nice! It seems friendly enough for anyone who has ever touched BaSH/IOS and don't mind typing. I find it so strange that I can use the keyboard for this whole game!Tutorials usually really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. This one was short and sweet, and I either missed something and it forgot to tell me and a google search answered it for me.This is actually kind of a survival puzzle game. Very interesting so far after only playing 2 hours. First impressions are good."
,Recommended,254320,33496743,Posted: 12 July,all,TheKittyAlt,Never have i wanted to type faster in my life. 10/10
,Recommended,254320,21679507,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Andr3w246,"(Ignore the low play time please)This game isGREAT!I love it! Everything in this game just looks and fits perfectly!I haven's seen another game that allows control of your character(s) in command line AND manual, it's really great!I can't say enough things about this game, so here is a pro/con list instead!Pros:+ Fantastic dark, gritty atmosphere+ Requires REAL stragaties and planning, you can't rush, or bad things happen...+ The art and sound fits perfectly with what you are doing (No, there is no ""music"")+ The cameras can cut out, and randomly too! :DMeh's:* Can get a bit slow, not for speed runners* Oasional small glitch (It is still in Early Acess...)* Story is pretty bland currentlyCon's:- Dominated by RNG (Random Number Generators) to the point of complete luckTL;DRA great game! Buy it NOW! Do it, or else...Release update:They added in more story elements and a new ship type.Also, out of early access and not terribly buggy!Get this game!"
76561197970945810,Recommended,254320,32318126,Posted: 10 June,all,Reptile,"Absolutely love this game, even though it can be brutally unforgiving. The RNG is sometimes merciful, and sometimes cruel. Well worth the money. If there is any DLCs or sequals, I'll be buying those immediately."
,Recommended,254320,23152068,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Coldaardvark,"Duskers is quite the gem of a game. It's very sure what it wanted to be and aimed for it, and I can assure you that it is every bit as fun as it is tense.And oh boy, does it get REALLY TENSE. We're talking your abs are tighter than you ever thought possible with sweat on your brow, all the while your fingers are shakingly awaiting the immediate and sudden need to belt out a command to slam a door shut to save your drones from certain destruction.Meanwhile, or even when this is NOT happening, you are pensive. Scared, since every single room could be the very last you ever open. Relying on equipment that may be working perfectly, but will eventually start going faulty, and may even fail entirely mid mission, forcing you and your terrified little harem of drones to adapt to the situations at hand.Weapons exist, but are few and far between. I have yet to find even one that wasn't a mine or trap of some kind. That aside, you have your brain, your other tools such as motion sensors, the ability to access destroyed ship terminals to scan for items, scraps which are used as currency and are also the only way to repair or buy anything, or use the defense turrets (If there are any) to remove the hostile entity. (There are more than one. I've encountered 3 different types so far.)The enemies have this air of mystery about them. since the only way for you to ""see"" the world is through the grainy, often glitchy camera of your drones, it only adds to the suspense as you inch closer to what could be your next big pay off, or your last inch you'll ever inch.The atmosphere is spectacular, the premise is nothing NEW with the whole ""Last man alive? In space!"" situation, but it's executed in such a unique way, being that you are NOT the save-it-all badass solution to the problem, but rather, more frail than your very own drones.All of this, and you feel like you're actually the guy running the drones because the game operates entirley through an interface similar to the command prompt on any PC.I absolutely love this game. It's one of the only rouge-likes I've ever enjoyed. Even with the deaths being permanent, and there is no real progress aside from the mystery to solve (Which you keep uncovered logs per death) there are no levels or stat progression. Only you, the upgrades you put on your drones, and your skill as an operator.In a way, this reminds me of Dark Souls, only vaguely, with that similar but ever welcome feeling of ""No matter what, move forward.""Because in the end, when all is dark and hopeless, will you sit and whimper, awaiting your inevitable demise as all that you knew fades into the deep, endless void of space? Or will you cling to life, and crawl your way to the answers you seek? Maybe even hope?After all, is it not but our fate as humans to ever be drawn towards knowledge? Even if you are the last human alive, wouldn't you like to know the answer to that burning question. ""What happened to everyone? How did the galaxy become a graveyard?""TL,DRFantastic atmosphere, very few games beat it in my eyes. Even Triple A.Amazing execution for a simple idea.Intriguing story that poses itself more as a question to be answered.Rouge-like elements are solid.Your game has an effect that you can toggle, that makes it look like you're on an old CRT style screen.>navigate all r1navigating all drones to r1>a1airlock 1 closed>exitare you sure you want to disengage boarding with this vessel? (y/n?)>ySleep well engineers. Keep your drones clean. They're all you've got left."
76561197967513086,Recommended,254320,31705345,Posted: 12 May,all,himhum,"This game has its moments but lacks in some aspects. The core idea (space-recycling) and art design (graphics, sound) are spot on but i believe that avoidable technical problems paired with some questionable game design decision limit the overall experience.First of all there seems to be no long term motivational game mechanic. Maybe i did not reach the ""mid game"" phase but as far as i can tell there is no such motivational element. After the novelity of the setting, control and the basic game mechanics are discovered (all of which are good) the game is pretty much grinding through one spaceship/space station/special location after another. This would not be a problem if it would not start to feel like work too quickly while not offering enough in return for the player.Secondly i dislike the ""reset"" mechanic. Why is the player not allowed to choose his initial ship/drone configuration? The common workaround among players seems to be to roll the dice until you draw a configuration that is to your liking. I'm sorry but in my opinion this is just bad game design. If the player can do something by grinding he will most likely do it. Don't force the player to waste his time with the ""reset"" mechanic. To me this looks like an overzealous attempt to earn the rouge like badge.Lastly - The input:* Swallowed key presses! Oh boy. The game seems to swallow key presses whenever it feels like it. This is especially helpful when you are frantically trying to control your drones in a derelict spaceship that is slowly breaking apart. I am not sure if this is a bug or intended behavior. Nevertheless it is annoying as hell.* Non-existent support for non english keyboard layouts!!! This issue is so cliché (american developers not testing with non-us keyboard layouts) that i refused to believe this game suffers from it until i did a google search that confirmed that this game is in fact not playable with a german keyboard layout on Ubuntu 16.04. Nice bonus: the input configuration dialog that allows the player to remap the keys crashes when you try to bind to certain keys (umlaut keys). I kid you not! I can't wrap my head around how you can develop a game like Duskers which has keyboard only input and mess up the keyboard input part. I mean come on. It's 2017. Write localizable software. Please?Edit: Workaround for Ubuntu 16.04 that actually helps: change your keyboard layout in the system settings."
76561198086010267,Recommended,254320,26219012,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RobIsOdd,"A complex and ligitimetly scary game. the world feels very organic and lived in, witch make it all the more unerving to find it completly divode of life. The gameplay is fasinating and very diferent. This game is best played alone at night with just your monitor and keybored."
,Recommended,254320,26328334,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"I have been watching this on let's plays for around a month just waiting for a sale to buy this game, it looked so cool and immersive to me! I loved the style of strategy and the gritty computer graphics and just the concept in general of this game, it really has a unique beauty! However I am a computer science graduate student… I like console command stuff… BUT this game is not hard if you can understand how a basic command set works like “navigate 1 to r5” aka move droid 1 to room 5 then you’ll do fine! Seriously worth buying and trying out for the concept and experience alone. My one thing I don’t like about this game is 20 bucks is steep for the content for me personally, I purchased this on sale for 16 and well… I think 15 is an appropriate full price for this game. It is truly fun and unique but 20 is just kinda high.To sum it up, Duskers is an awesome fun game with unique gameplay and cool techie mechanics. If you can spare the 20 dollars it’s a very satisfying experience even if the price is a bit high."
76561198130899083,Recommended,254320,26394394,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Baron11704,"this game is amazing, the style of play with the top view tank controls, with the simultaneous typing to open doors to try to escape whatever horrors you find beyond the doors of the hollow starships. this game creates an amazing atmosphere by tapping into the fear of unknown, the game has different types of enemies and it wont tell you what type is beyond the door, you might find a (these are my names for them i dont know their actual names) phantom, a leaper, or a robot. and each has its own ai, and without knowing what it is you will have to rely on luck to not die. for instance the phantoms can sort of see you when you go invisible, meaning your screwed if you try and avoid it using that, plus the cryptic and corrupted messages that have unitelligible words, that you can try and figure out using context clues or using what few unaffected letters were left in the word, all in all I LOVE THIS GAME. you should totally buy it."
,Recommended,254320,25985911,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The Human Shitpost,"Duskers is a... unique game.The ""retro-futuristic"" feel is something I find very appealing, the idea of getting out into space not equipped with the best technology, or at least not the best software.Gameplay can become fairly repetitive, as all resource managing games (or the specific sub-genre of wander through the universe in your space ship) tend to do.The true meat of this game is scavenging though, not resource management; after all tere are only so many things to do with the two kinds of resources you find. Scavenging is strategic, careful, planned, and tense. You have to be careful not to lock your drones in, cut them off from escape, release threats, or leave anything untouched. The threats (and how to deal with them) is where Duskers shines, the magic trick being hiding a game in the vein of Alien (the movie, the first one) inside Out There or FTL."
76561198024946336,Not Recommended,254320,23161207,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,maussure,"At this stage Duskers shows huge potential.The roguelike is perhaps fustrating but we have gotten used to rather easy games. Duskers change this. From the constant break down of upgrades, drones, video feed and with enemies in every ship you're pumping with adrenaline at each door opening.With that said I am also getting a LOT of bugs. From crashing to distorted views I have had to quit multiple time in the short playtime I have had. Combine that with the roguelike of the game and you find yourself unable to enjoy Duskers. Such a shame.If this is fixed I would definitly recommend it."
76561198034306799,Recommended,254320,23074719,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,celestialmoonfire,"I've only played this game for about 4 hours at this point but I'm so glad I bought it because it's amazing. I'm loving the little bits of story I've found so far, and I can't wait to piece together the entire thing.I love the console command system. It sort of reminds me of a hacking mystery game I played a while ago."
,Recommended,254320,31608954,Posted: 7 May,all,wabbio,"I recommend this game to gamers who like:-Resource managing-Strategy-Situational adaptation and assessment-Challenging gameplay- And who don’t mind losing or encountering really unfortunate situationsPS: Beware of the wear and tear mechanic, it may ruin peoples experience who didn’t expect it to be a hardcore mechanic of the game!This is an amazing game! Great use of the video game medium truly giving that 80's space vibe with a great tactile UI experience. You will be having a super rough time at the start due to having to learn what works what doesn’t and how to manage your resources. This game has a pretty heavy wear and tear mechanic that plays at the core of its gameplay and so managing and prioritising what you should maintain is crucial. The one thing I wish they added was more variety of enemies to keep the game fresh.PS: Beware of the wear and tear mechanic it may frustrate many who didn’t expect it to be a core mechanic of the game!"
76561198060234182,Recommended,254320,17640714,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Greylos,"I dont think i can reccomend this game enough, the gameplay is amazing, and the graphics and sounds are exactly what this game needs. if they added a few more  cool upgrades and balanced some stuff id call it a perfect 100/100 best game of anytime"
76561197983720701,Recommended,254320,23131863,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,mugman1,navigate duskers favourites
76561198047296237,Recommended,254320,29664227,Posted: 2 February,all,Midori,"An incredibly atmospheric game. If you want to actually feel like you're in command of a bunch of robots scavenging the remains of derilect spaceships, this game is for you."
,Recommended,254320,23073832,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Psydoomtek,Must type faster... MUST TYPE FASTER!!!
76561198005761021,Recommended,254320,23044146,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CrustyKanthos,"If you like to feel you could die any moment if you dont doublecheck everything -> this is your game. Space, solitude and jsut your drones to survive."
76561197993699533,Recommended,254320,30096640,Posted: 22 February,all,HumanSpareParts,"Duskers achieves what every drippy-eyeballs-monster horror game can't: a constant tension and a perfect fear. This is the scariest game I've ever played. Games don't even scare me. Duskers scares the hell out of me.A unique experience, not to be missed."
,Recommended,254320,23136332,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"This game is good, don't let the graphics fool you.Creeping through horrible, infested, derelict ships. Slowly gaining control over the ship using an army of customized robots held togeather with duct tape and scrap. Their sensors don't work so well and their video link drops at the worst times. It's a love/hate thing. Your ship is falling apart around you, hopfully your little guys can bring you back a couple extra bolts.A tense battle against the horrors of space armed with only a command prompt. Good luck!"
76561198068129825,Not Recommended,254320,24110849,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,M4GNV5,"TL;DR great idea but game as it is at the moment is not worth 20€The game has a great idea and it would be fun to play as a side game for 3-10€. However there are bugs and downsides that just makes this game feel like some demo your game developer friend send you:The alias editor writes an S to the file when you press ctrl+S (for saving the file). I know this is just a small bug and bugs happen all the time when programming, however this is a bug that everyone should notice when testing the feature he just implementedWhen starting the game the default Unity Launcher appears. This is generally not a bad thing if it would have an actual use however screen resolution could be easily set ingame, graphics dont seem to change anything and the input section consists 90% of ca. 50 times the same setting ""Take screenshot"": F12When looking at a wall and pressing W to move forward with your drone you constantly bug into the wall a bit and out again. This a VERY common thing you see in many small Unity games however this is NOT what I would expect from a 20€ game.The game does not explain essential parts of it. A very common feature in the game is the upgrade failure rate. One might think if you use a Motion sensor with failure rate of 20% chances are 1/5 the result is wrong etc. However it actually means there is a 1/5 chance that AFTER the mission that it will be gone. The worst part about this is that the creator is aware of this misunderstandinghttps://redd.it/4j4iuf"
,Recommended,254320,17687902,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,DystopiaGuy,"This game is unforgivingly diffcult. Opens door. Drone dies. Reset game. Repeat.But it is by far the best rogue-like I've played to date. It does not feel like an Early Access game, though I can't say I've gotten very far to truly put that to the test. The style of the gameplay itself is incredibly addictive. Each playthrough is just as fun as the last, and the graphics and controls used really drive the whole experience home.Update:I've been getting better, my best recommendations to new players, use the heck out of stealth, take everything incredibly slowly,a ways close doors behind you, keep uneeded drones in the ship away from possible danger."
76561198042556221,Recommended,254320,17688448,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,milohamlin,"This game is fun and rewarding. The developer has obviously put a lot of thought into this project, and it will be great to see the finished product. Especially, I am looking forward to (hopefully): better AI pathing when using the navigate command; a slightly shallower difficulty curve re: module failures occuring not at all to multiple failures within a few minutes of exploration (several drones lost multiple modules while powered down and still in r1, with a1 closed, which doesn't feel realistic to me); more module variety and more upgrades for the modules; differences between drone bodies, besides the outline and report sound, like speed vs starting hp, etc.; more compelling reasons to commandeer ships than just mission completion/ upgrade slots, like special perks on different ship types; tweaks to the console input for better keyboard response and maybe some visual options like placement and text color, etc.; more variety in early mission ship layouts so it doesn't feel redundant when restarting. Otherwise the gameplay is solid if a little daunting at first. I rarely take direct control over the drones any more unless it is at the start of the mission, since you have to unless the first room is revealed, or when needing to position a drone in a specific way."
,Recommended,254320,17717779,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,varbles,"Excellent developer, excellent premise, excellent design.  Undoubtedly has the originality and quality to stand on it's own, but I would approximate it as a combination of Faster Than Light and XCOM.  The control scheme makes good use of my years of IRC habits."
,Recommended,254320,17671003,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dubble,"Fun, unique, thinking person's game. It's one of those games with puzzles that seem impossible or frustrating at first but then as you learn more advanced techniques and are able to execute on them is quite satisfying.The mac version (not advertised, but does exist and is installable upon purchase) is a bit of a hot mess bug-wise but I'm glad it exists."
,Recommended,254320,17759957,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,the_virus_of_doomeister,"This dystopian future space exploration game is very strategy and risk/ reward ratio oriented. You control up to four drones at a time either by the arrow keys or by using the game's command line interface. This command line is actually very easy to use and offers to autocomplete most commands after typing just the first few characters. Anyway, you are stuck in space withnobody around you besides old security bots and several kinds of aliens hiding inthe old  derelict space crafts scattered around the universe. You must scavenge these ships to keep your drones and ship running. If your drones are put out of commission, ""Its game over, man. Game over!"" You will get sucked into the game as you can only watch from afar ashostile aliens or bots (as far as I can tell, nonearen'thostile)rip your drones to pieces or as a critical upgrade fails when you thought it could last just a little bit longer. Overall, this is a great game. GG Misfits Attic!"
,Recommended,254320,24246395,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Infinite Loop,$ check 1 duskers_reviewsDrone 1 checking duskers. Stand by...> [25%]> Door d5 under attack![50%]$ navigate all r1> Door d5 destroyed![75%]> Drone 1 taking damage[90%]$ shield 1; turret 1> Drone 1 has destroyed 20 enemies.> [100%] Review scan complete. Recommended 10/10
76561197972361602,Recommended,254320,23076924,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Harmless Mouse,"(Review changed to positive due to developer aid)A Survival game with... command line elements? Yeah sounds odd, but not really bad. In fact, this helps to immerse yourself in the game, as you are directly telling the game what doors to open with more than a simple press of the E key, and either scooting your drones (Your eyes, ears, and hands in the game) by the arrow keys, or more command line entries.The only problem being, it can possibly become tedious after a while.Several times I have sent a drone into a room only to find a angry red being stareing back, and sending the drone backwards, while typing the name of the door I need to close added a feeling of surprise and even fear. A simple slip up can mean disaster.Add to that the looter-feel as you search for upgrades that are still intact, more fuel, new drones, and all the scrap you can get your robot claws onto, can have you playing without pause, as you jump from one ship to the next looking for your next sweet find.That said, I only have 2 hours of play time in this game, and this is a negative review. Why? The game is still fresh out the oven and needs to cool, as it were. I enjoy it, I really do, but at this time I have had several crashes which lead to the program closing, and when reloaded, leaves you outside a ship that you already 'searched' and can not return to... thus all the loot you may have found, is lost. In a game where the looting and slow thorough searches are the games main stay, followed by moments of urgent typing, the sudden stop is painful.So as such, I'll recommend this game after its fixed the crashing problems.  Right now I feel the crashes occur around the time that you are really getting into the game, and would possibly cause gamers to simply walk away before giving the game a chance.EDIT: After the post, I was helped by a developer who took the time to look through the crash logs and really try to resolve the problem quickly. In the end, it was simply a graphics driver problem. The game runs great now, and the developers deserve kudos for their assistance!"
76561198032052135,Recommended,254320,32308515,Posted: 9 June,all,SpiroAgnewTR,"Man, I never thought MS DOS could be so god damn creepy. This game reminds me of when I was a little kid and I saw ALIEN for the first time, I like it. It's not for everyone, you die A LOT, and sometimes it's unavoidable and sometimes you can't even figure out WHY you died, but man, I dunno, just something about exploring those wrecks that pulls you in. If you're looking for a game with an air of mystery and some unique style, this game might be for you. If you're looking for a game where you really need to use your brain, this might be the game for you. If you really like big explosions and blowing up lots of guys and hate losing, well, go play something else."
76561198008605046,Recommended,254320,20355163,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Wolfholz,"Just Awesome!Command line playstyle ftwtactical as hell and fun to play, always interesting cause random generated ships etc.10/10 would open an airlock again to say goodbye to whatever was in that room!"
76561198133307880,Recommended,254320,28761706,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,tommelville,This is a fantastic space rpg thriller.You play as both a spaceship captain as well as his drones (who obviously do all the heavey lifting).You command the drones which visit hulks of abandoned spaceships and you have to piece out why all the other spaceships have been abandoned. You get to level up the drones and add abilities to them. The drones face challenges when visiting the hulks which force you to make quick decisions concerning how to react and which to save if the enemies are getting too close to the airlock.I'm writing this review only 90 minutes in and already I'm loving this game.
76561197987355726,Recommended,254320,23146329,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Azkron,"Pro tip: Don´t trust any room, just stay in R1 and evertything will be fine."
76561197981790395,Recommended,254320,23209633,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,neur {fr},"The atmosphere is good, but no music.The game is cool but very difficult. Just one mistake and ""game over"".I recommend this game but beware ""rage quit"" easy7/10"
,Recommended,254320,25732599,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shitzel,"Fun little coding game to mess around in, sadly though the devs dont pay much attention to it. I would like coop or multiplayer."
76561198005378759,Recommended,254320,23372723,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,CaffeineDude,"A great game about boarding ships for sweet salvage with remote-control drones under your command from an external ship on an old 1970-80s console. Challenging your progress; a variety of enemies, environmental hazards, and mistakes on your part to be avoided and tackled on your journey to find out what happened to everyone.Duskers is predominately played in an tactical birds-eye view using a command line interface, with you occasionally needing to take direct control of your drones from an overhead camera in order to navigate past obstacles and arrange your (largely) automated defences. This really adds a lot of character to the game, and really sells the Alien(1979) theme, as you try to guide unseen hostiles away from salvage (drones/repairs/upgrades/fuel), and avoid direct contact where possible/unprofitable.The game goes on indefinitely and lore could be better in my opinion, currently there's a lot of quests/""theories"" competing with each other to provide context, negating how plausible the universe feels. I was disappointed that there's currently no way to discover data during your operations as I might expect through consoles and salvage, rather you are awarded it afterwards for completing actions before/after. Meaning beyond the grind to accumulate some sweet♥♥♥♥♥droids, I was missing out on a narrative hook.Regardless the tutorial is pretty good, and I can imagine many technically minded individuals will get a kick out of using the command-line interface to move their handy little minions, I certainly think it suits the game and plays well, but this defiantly won't be for everyone.There's enough in the game to warrant picking up for atmosphere and mechanical quirk alone, so I hope the game sees a lot more support and continues to be iterated on in future, but I was very pleased with my purchase."
76561197969359363,Not Recommended,254320,29038515,Posted: 5 January,all,Phantom,"Let's be honest, I like this game for the command line interface but it could use some help.That said:- it isn't really a horror game, it is a puzzle game.  You're trying to figure out how to collect the resources without getting killed.  Also, you only have so long on each ship.  Then a random pipe breaks, a exterior hatch gives way, an asteroid hits the ship, etc....- not being able to revisit a ship sucks.  If you have the fuel why not....- it has a steep learning curve, 2 minutes of training; then good luck- I think it would have better suspense if the remote camera where in first person view instead of top down.  It could still have the same level of detail, but what drone besides the Google mapping vehicle has a 360 degree sensor mounted above it?- the gathering bot needs to have a scan feature that would allow it to sense everything in a room.  Switching back and forth between overwatch view and the top down remote camera just so I can run around all four corners of a room to detect items really killed the immersion.Finally, if the story of the game is that you are at your console remote controlling your drones, then the interface could use a few tweaks.   I don't image that it would have been that much more work to create a ""desktop"" for the interaface and the individual pieces be indiviual applications.  After all, it acts like your booting a computer when the game starts.  Why not take the extra few steps?"
,Recommended,254320,31657188,Posted: 9 May,all,thrishmel,"Good game, but hard and a little annoying at times"
,Recommended,254320,23202919,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Polis Ranger,This game is really fun but hard at the same time. You have to use your mind to see if one room is safe or the other is FUBAR then pick witch one is best. Overall is good to get and scary to at the same time. Gets lots of updates to.
76561198058023703,Recommended,254320,29197079,Posted: 11 January,all,EarlGreyThatsWhy,"At first I thought this game was kind of a space horror experience. I was relieved when I understood that that while it can be frightening, the scope of the game goes way beyond that.  The game does create an atmosphere of isolation. That can sometimes feel unnerving and when you encounter an enemy it can be terrifying, but it also means you develop weirdly strong sense of attachment to your simple-minded drone workers. And when you accidentally forget to close that door and you lose your drones it is quite heartbreaking. I guess it's kind of a real-time puzzle (is that even a genre?) game, with a heavy adventure influence. The way the player experiences the storyline is novel. The sense of being eternally out-gunned makes the game a challenge. The controls are also pretty novel. You end up typing most commands and your drones are sometimes unable to execute them for various reasons and while you're tinkering trying to fix the problem, the ship you're on begins falling apart or enemies begin trying to break out of their confines. Everything feels hectic. You'll die and if you can possibly realize that the frustration is a part of the fun you will love this game. But there's a logic to almost everything. And as you get more confident with the mechanics of dispatching enemies/avoiding dangers, Duskers feels, just for a moment, far easier than you first realized. Luckily there's plenty of surprises (and heartbreak!) awaiting you on your next ship.I also like how the game works on minimum system requirements. Pickup Duskers if you like atmospheric, difficult, exploration games with a lot of depth that reveals itself for the dedicated gamer."
76561198040492418,Recommended,254320,23088401,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tarrence the 12,This is an awesome addictive game. Get used to dying and losing drones and restarting. The story is interesting and hard to follow in an fun way.
,Recommended,254320,18887668,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PapaRoyal,"Fantastic game, scary atmosphere and challenging gameplay. A game well worth the money."
76561198060996877,Recommended,254320,24266776,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Jstank,"As if XCOM, FTL, and DOS BOX had an orgie and the result was this exact situation.PROSAmazing original design - The basic game play loop is clear spaceships and scrounge for resources by using your drones all the while evading and destroying enemies, expand the capabilities of and maintain your crumbling space ship with your limited (and I mean LIMITED) resources, make strategic decisions about where to go next based on objectives and fuel and solve the mystery of what happened to your universe by uncovering various data logs and completing special objectives. If you haven’t tried it I would HILGHLY RECOMMEND this game if you are into indi rouge likes. At least check out an LP of it, if you don’t think its worth the asking price.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMxq_xF6tnc&index=1&list=PLdRzyg_rQbgu1ke2VNk7w42_mv34aT2LLPROSTense game play - You will have to use all of your senses and concentration to not die. Isolate threats, blow enemies out of air locks, stealth or shoot your way through randomly generated space craft to grab fuel and scrap. Perma death is a very real where just one little mistake can lead to complete disaster.Cool Meta Game – Upgrade repair and maintain your ship, its equipment and your precious drones between missions. This area of the game is really cool, and the decisions you make here will determine your chance for success in the tactical view. Explore the universe and try to unravel the mystery of why you’re the only one left in it. Your♥♥♥♥♥♥is going to break, a lot, so be careful in what you repair and when. There is a ton of depth in the strategic screen; it really reminds me of xcom. Prepare carefully and you will have success. That is until you leave a door open and inadvertently let aliens destroy your drones because you weren’t’ paying attention!Slick controls- You have the ability to script bot behavior using dos like commands or control them directly with arrow keys. Instead of clicking buttons to activate abilities you have to type something like : Navigate 1 R2; gather all 1. It really helps with the immersion and feeling generally that you are alone on this spaceship sitting at your console using your robots to scour for resources. The way you control them is both intuitive and super cool!  When you try to use your mouse the game gives you an unsatisfying beep, and nothing happens. This game is nearly completely keyboard controlled, and it really is very cool and different!Critical thinking skills required - Each level is basically a logic puzzle as you clear enemies and space ships. You have to take calculated risks and use your drones ever changing abilities to clear rooms. The game really forces you to pay attention to every detail on every move in both the tactical and strategic screens. Each move has both risk and reward. A successful run requires you to calculate both accurately.CONSThere is only one real con to the game, and that is that the objectives to actually beat the game are not very well laid out. If your going in blind and you don’t read the wiki it is tough to figure out how to go about solving the games plot. You will get data logs telling you to do certain tasks. Like go to a specific type of craft and scan all the rooms. There isn't a real good way to track what needs to be done. This con doesn't detract from the fun of the game, as you are mainly trying to figure out how to just survive, let alone completing the objectives. It would be nice if this was fleshed out a little more.SAVINGI don't know if this is just me but I noticed that I was unable to save from the tactical view.  You can’t really save state, but if you exit the game it will save your current progress. However if you save in the tactical view it will not save and boot you back out to the ship screen. This could be fixed in later updates hopefully. Just save AFTER a mission, and you will be ok!"
,Recommended,254320,30601088,Posted: 18 March,all,Isy,"I'll list some pros and cons (my opinion)Pros- Procedurally generated large world- Easy to run- Easy to start playing, hard to master- Lots of upgrades- Very intense- Very fresh gameplayCons- Only 4 different enemies- Somewhat repetetive- Some annoying gameplay mechanics (Max 7 drones, ect)- Some bugs- Could use more contentI kept this short, though there are more pros and cons"
,Recommended,254320,20536104,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ninth Prophet,This game is ****ing Murphy's Law
76561198142925759,Recommended,254320,23196860,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Diaria,"This game appears simple, but it takes quick wit and memory to succeed.  Even set at the Easy Start setting, I had to preset a strategy in my mind before beginning. I am new to mission based games that include strategy,  I have fallen in love with these types of games.  This game is challenging for a beginner, but so interesting you just want to keep trying.  :)  I recommend this type of game to anyone who wants to get their thinker back thinking."
76561198110351192,Recommended,254320,30297675,Posted: 3 March,all,Areli,"Hm. Honestly, I loved this game when I first played it. It's rather unique and a fun userinterface in having to type out commands. I'd wholeh has a heartedly reccomend it if their was more content in the game. Unfortantely, while it has a decent amount, it's not enough for a lot of people. Still, If piloting salvage drones against unknown creatures in a dystopia space universe, where everyone has gone missing sounds like fun to you, I'd definitely suggest picking this one up."
76561198009523616,Recommended,254320,35087930,Posted: 20 September,all,Mangle,"i really like this game. i find it really fun to explor space and the ships. you can make it as easy or as hard as you like and if you don't have a mouse, thats fine as you don't need one to play this game."
,Recommended,254320,34596108,Posted: 29 August,all,Lyb,"Cool concept,Really great game in first 15hrs but theres nothing more afterwards"
76561198013326083,Recommended,254320,22769953,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,The Space Man,Amazingly atmospheric game and very smart. I would have never imagined such an atmosphere with such basic graphics but it works very well and is absolutely apropriate and spot on actually. The gameplay is very engaging and challanging as well.Love it!
76561198150547702,Recommended,254320,28949029,Posted: 2 January,all,RussianLad,"Duskers adds a whole new meaning to Sci fi Survival Horror, it makes playing with a CONSOLE and controlling DRONES and makes the gameplay and intereface very interesting. I just can't wait for it to be available for Workshop/modding."
,Recommended,254320,17697533,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,GAMbit,"I love this game! Even in early access, it already does so many things right!Graphics: I LOVE the whole ""get a partial image of what the drones see but not the complete image""!Atmosphere: Turn out your lights, put on your headphones and lose yourself in the command role you take on! The background noise, clicks and drone noises are superb! The universe feels so empty and exploring these derelict ships seems eerie and creepy, love it!Gameplay: I LOVE THE CONSOLE COMMAND! Piloting drones using a CLI feels soo satisfying!Part luck, part strategy. Use what tools you have to explore, gather, and deal with threats, sometimes in creative ways.Collect precious resources that never seem to come in adequate quantities, leaving you with that much more of a feeling of desperation and isolation. Know this - you will not be hoarding resoruces. You'll be using them as quick as you find them.Scrap goes quick after a certain point, using it for repairs and upgrades. Fuel is life, never leave a room unexplored if you can help it.Failing technology fits so nice in this game. When you hear an alert and see your drone video signal lost, there is a sense of urgency and panic.It seems like surprises await at every corner and you have to be able to react quick with those console commands to get your drones to safety.Things I'd like to see imrpove:More varying Drones and/or drone ""types"". Maybe you find a smaller drone that can fit through ventilation shafts and get to rooms otherwise inaccessable.Combat between drones could use some love. You see some dots fly out and then it breaks into pieces.Chance to repair failing technology while exploring a ship, but maybe requires extra scrap to do so ""on the fly""?More audio noise variations. Bumping into walls, firing a weapon, creepy ship noises, etc.Ability to craft more things, other than just a generator and gatherer.Something to tie the loose end of running out of fuel and restarting...are you a different pilot? Did you die? Are you somebody else? What happened?Ability to clear destroyed enemy drones debri, especially from doorways so you can close them again.....Speaking of enemy drone debri...you would think you could at least collect them for scrap...or module ""parts"" :)Create new modules after you collect so many parts.If I am controlling my drones...then...who is controlling the enemy ones...? DON DON DON!! (Maybe this gets explained?)Feel free to point out things I might not know that are already in the game and maybe I just haven't experienced that yet!Fantastic game so far!"
,Recommended,254320,17694127,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,imtylerdurden,"This is easily one of the most original games I've ever played.  It is filled with impressive design calls, and is a perfect example of the dread you can build by never showing the monster.  It's also an excellent example of mechanical affordance and how it greatly contributes to immersion, in that you FEEL like you are absolutely controlling droids on some derelict space craft...  And by that, I mean you feel BAAAAD ASSSSSS.Do yourself a favor and play this alongside some of the great space film scores, especially those with horror elements...  Might I suggest the Alien OST?"
,Recommended,254320,24088109,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Destructively Phased,"In my first 2 hours I of playing this game I started out well, got some new upgrades, 2 new drones and some scrap. It was going pretty well.Then it all went horribly wrong.After using a drone with stealth to investigate a room with uncertain motion results, I found something that saw right through the cloak. Naturally, said drone ate the dust. Then it a desperate attempt to get the drone back and continue exploring I decided, ""I know I'll vent the ship. The thing that attack me must be closer to the airlock so will be sucked out first!"". So I type the neccessary door commands and open the airlock. Here's where the problems really begin. I don't know where abouts the hostile is, so I don't want to close the airlock too early. Then I hear a loud beep and look at the input console, ""Drone 1 is being sucked out into space."" Well there goes my only gather module and stealth module. Then if that wasn't good enough, the door that was separating 2 other drones from vacuum gives in. Out those two go. So in one boarding exercise, I've lost 3 drones, not secured any more scrap or fuel (of which I'm scarily low on at this point) and lost all my good upgrades.This game can provide a shock without having to resort to jump scares, and it's horror comes from something other than fear of having jump into your face, it's horror of the unknown, of what you'll find through that door, of whether that next outpost will be the one where the product of all your work will be lost. And that, to me, is way more intense than having something thrown in your face occasionally."
76561197972634582,Recommended,254320,23342204,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Harlequin,"Duskers is an amazingly atmospheric experience. Remember that scene in Alien where Dallas is crawling through the pipes? Or in Aliens when the motion scanner starts beeping?Well that is the feel this game goes for and it nails it square on the head.Take the above and add some permadeath, upgrades, scavanging, exploring and you have Duskers.The game is played entirely with the keyboard making moments of panic chilling and planning paramount, unless you can type like the wind you better have a plan in place.All in all a great game, unless you are dislexic and then it's just a masochistic experience."
76561198058404299,Recommended,254320,23421338,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jinxed,"This game gets me going in a way that no game has in a very long time. The unknown danger in that last room....""Hot Damn"""
,Recommended,254320,23457280,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,RealPoptart727,"This is the best ""retro"" game I have ever played. It pulls off the Linux command line feel perfectly."
76561198027124713,Recommended,254320,27305288,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,labich,"Absolutely one of my favorite games, strategy and quick thinking are needed."
,Recommended,254320,18346431,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,DeathWrangler,amazing
,Recommended,254320,18475129,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Koolaidguy541,"I love this game. I know it's not done yet, and has a couple of bugs, but it's one of the handful of games that I play all the time. I really like the way that the view is portrayed from the drones, being almost a sort of ""infrared"" or Nigth vision looking view, and how it's top down. All in all, I think the gameplay is a very innovative design on top of a premise that's been done well with other games."
,Recommended,254320,30288090,Posted: 2 March,all,Charles Randall,"This is easily one of the most tense and immersive experiences I've ever had in a game. Like being lost in space, with nothing but a keyboard and monitor as an interface to remote drones in order to keep yourself alive.I've never played anything like it."
,Recommended,254320,26568511,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CHEEESE,"It's a game and a tool, it forces you to know how to type under pressure."
76561197972627965,Recommended,254320,26593989,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Xex,"What I love about Indie/Small Studio Games is that they are usually willing to try something experimental. This is no exception.PremiseYou are a spaceship captain piloting drones through derelict ships, fuel depots, and other outposts. Your mission: to find out what happened to humanity. The story is delivered via text communications retrieved when exploring these wrecks.GameplayThe majority of the gameplay takes place between 2 views, a  vector graphic map, and an overhead view of the active drone. The overhead camera has a variety of filters on it that simulate interference between the camera and the player as well as highlighting the area visible to the drone. The camera and the map may become unavailable for periods of time as things degrade. The overhead camera allows you to control each of your drones using tank controls, while the map allows you to monitor all drones at once. In both views, you have access to a console where you can enter commands to any and all drones, create aliases, and issue multiple commands in parrallel using semicolon seperators. It's a powerful tool but missing a few features, like the ability to move drones out of the way without having to go into the overhead cam view to activate tank controls. In addition to tank controls, each drone can be equipped with up to 4 modules, each of these modules add additional functionality to each drone. These features vary dramatically, the console can be used to access help on a modification to learn how to use it. Some features will protect your drone, or give it offensive capabilities, or allow it to better sense its surroundings, but some allow you to interact with the derelicts by providing power, to open doors or turning on defensive turrets. Your goal is largely to maintain a supply of scrap and fuel so you can keep playing. Your ship, drones, and drone modifiications will decay over time, a large % for each mission they're used on, and a smaller amount for each use within the same mission (I think), and the only way to maintain them is to gather scrap. Probes, sensors, and derelict ship commands can reveal extra scrap, but it doesn't seem to be enough to maintain everything indefinitely, and you may get unlucky and have something break early. I havent mentioned the enemies yet, and there are a number of them with various difficulties, but hey, I'll leave you to discover them all. In most cases, you'll want to avoid them, herding them about the ship to allow you safe passage.This was kind of a long summary, but the gameplay is like 99% of this game, and none of it is 'standard', the next sections are shorter.GraphicsThe graphics are simple, I feel the amount of distortion on the overhead camera is a little over the top, you can luckily turn down much of the settings if you start to get eye strain. All in all, the graphics didnt feel all that atmospheric, despite the filters, and after a short time, all the corridors and rooms started to look alike. But the graphics are not this game's selling point.SoundSimple, largely made up of beeps, a few sound effects and a little ambience. Like the graphics, this is not the game's selling point, and that is just fine.interfaceThe user interface is strongly tied into the premise of the game, an ability to type accurately will serve you well, as well as a good memory for the command key-words. I do think the game could have utilized the mouse a little more in menu navigation, but that is such a minor thing. I'd love to be able to have fine control over a drone from map view, just so I could move it out of the way, or closer to a destroyed drone for looting.Overall, I recommend the game, it's unique and very fun until you get tired of the lack of variety. I'm not sure if I would recommend it at its full price though. while I do think you can get a decent amount of gameplay for the money, there aren't many games in my library where I can go from over-the-top enthusiastic to bored in under 20 hours."
76561198014275278,Recommended,254320,24938203,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Novak,"Excellent game, I enjoy every second of it so far, I love audiobooks, and this game make my dream came partially truth, (cuz its a video game and not real life, and you are alone rather than a thriving with life universe) (although the mystery element its very nice too) of becoming a neuro network operator on a starship. Just like Andrew Grayson in ""Terms of Enlistment: Frontlines, Book 1"""
,Recommended,254320,26119592,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Aeshi,"An intruiging game that can best be summed up as ""FTL: Faster Than LightmeetsAlien: Isolation"", combining the former's top-down layout with the latter's gameplay style of using a combination of stealth, motion sensors and lures to find and either bypass or redirect the monster(s).I really enjoyed it, and this is coming from someone who normally doesn't care all that much for roguelikes."
,Recommended,254320,28661377,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Review submitted 26th Dec, 2016_______________________Duskers is a tactical rogue-like science fiction where you awaken from some form of suspended animation into a universe that has suffered from a mass-extinction, leaving you as the last known person alive. You're tasked with compiling data regarding the causes of the event by exploring and scavenging information from abandoned, derelict vessels and space outposts.Equipped with three remotely-operated drones, you board the vessels in search of fuels to sustain your travels, avoiding the automated defence systems of the derelicts, alien lifeforms, radiation as well as the constant threat of malfunction from either your drones or the derelict itself, potentially rendering your drone's subsystems non-functional, or pipes and airlocks bursting, releasing lethal doses of radiation into the vessel.I myself would highly recommend playing in this very unforgiving environment as Misfit's Attic have got the atmosphere absolutely spot-on. Just a warning, there are potential jump-scares if you're not careful with what doors you open."
,Recommended,254320,29012717,Posted: 4 January,all,VanSHOE,"Tried to open a dooropens the airlockdrone 1 has been sucked into outerspacedrone 2 has been disableddrone 3 has been sucked into outerspacedrone 4 has been sucked into outerspace0-0anyways, that may sound frustratingbut its NOTpress the reset button and you definitely are gonna have a different experience"
76561197966720005,Recommended,254320,23212980,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Alesch,"I had a system worked out to explore the derelict wrecks strewn about the stars. It was simple, always check the motion detector before opening a door. If anything was moving, then I would leave the door alone and search elsewhere. Duskers is not a game about getting comfortable with a system, it is a game about improvised solutions and the all-consuming entropy of an uncaring universe. The motion detector began to wear out with use, and sometimes the readings were... inconclusive. Once, ""Inconclusive"" meant ""Danger"", and I found out the hard way.The creature fell upon my drone with a thud, followed by the beeping of alerts as my terminal informed me that Drone 1 was reporting damage. I tried to move my drone back through the door, and to shut the door on the creature, but the doors of interstellar craft are built with the same high technology as elevator doors, and they refused to close as the creature and my drone were obstructing them. My video feed grew garbled as the beast smashed my drone out of commission, its twisted metal husk still blocking the door.I considered sending one of my other drones to tow the wreckage back to my boarding craft so I could repair it, but that risked having the creature destroy two drones instead of just one. I considered sending the drone to at least salvage the equipment that my stricken drone was carrying, but I wasn't sure if the creature could move past the broken drone or not. There was only one thing to do; I had to get rid of the creature before I could try to mount a rescue operation. I looked at the schematics of the ship, and realized that there was an operable airlock only a room away from where the creature had made its nest. I typed the commands to open the door to the adjoining room, and the airlock. My terminal beeped and announced that the rooms were exposed to the cold vacuum of space. In an instant the creature was swept out into the void... as was my damaged drone.With one mistake I had lost both a drone, and my motion sensor. I made do though, because defeat is not to my taste. On my next excursion I brought along a suite of deployable sensors that I had salvaged earlier. They could only scan the room they were in, but that was alright. I took to scouting by placing a sensor in a secure room, retreating back to safety, and then remotely opening a door to an unexplored room. Then I would wait, and see if anything wandered out. That waiting, the uncertainty of whether the room beyond was actually safe, or if I had simply not waited long enough, was possibly the most nerve wracking experiences I've had at my computer."
,Recommended,254320,23973429,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BB,"Great fun, for a while.  It is a good noodle flexer for a little while but lack of possibilites makes it fairly boring after a while.  It'll be a good pick up when I have nothing better to do next semester at school but I can't dedicate time to it.  This game needs more upgrades and upgrades to upgrades and game progression.  The enemies need to become more diverse as the game advances.  There needs to be more tactile ways of eliminating enemies with upgrades.  More events could mix things up too. Maybe drone ships that latch to airlocks or someting.  Overall, worth the buy though."
76561198046211467,Recommended,254320,24717019,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,greeneyesgarland,"I really enjoy the exploration, survival, and puzzle aspects.  Can be very tense."
,Recommended,254320,24916203,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,4nademe,"Before we delve into too many details, I have to say that 2D games have never appealed to me as much as this one has. When I first looked at some of the gameplay, it looked quite bland, as in drained of color and seemed very boring. But I decided to give this game a chance and It did not disappoint.Duskers is a control-based game that gives you real-time control over all the events occurring on your screen. Although you may only be looking at a monitored-simulation, it truly gives a feel of one being present at the scene as this is happening.To the objective of the game: As the pilot of a small ship, you are tasked with the job of exploring and unveiling the truth behind what has happened to the other humans aboard ships that are merely drifting in space. Boarding these ships, you may find subtle clues or messages (datalogs) that may shed light to the disappearances or what might have happened. Utilizing drones and a variaty of gadgets they come equipped with (all customizable), you pilot these units aboard frigates, freighters, and numerous other ships alike in order to accumulate necessary resources to keep your own ship from failing while at the same time, uncovering the mystery behind the disapperances of the crew members of these ships.But here's the catch: You aren't alone.There are... these... things that are on board those ghost ships with you. And as far as I know, all of them are entirely hostile. They will attack your drones on sight and destroy them. The trick behind figuring out how to navigate around them either stealthily or to eliminate them will be up to the player to discover."
,Recommended,254320,17660879,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Alexander,"Really love the terminal-based games, make me feel like I was a child first encountering dos games"
,Recommended,254320,17652512,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,OchreBeard,"Played the game a couple of hours so far, a lot of fun. Very original.Wrote with one of the developers, seems like they're very active."
,Not Recommended,254320,29109477,Posted: 7 January,all,Scezumin,"Conceptually, this game is excellent.  You want to get caught up in the command-line interface and vector graphics on what feels like an old CRT, because they set the tone so well -- watch the beginning of the second trailer.  You've probably never experienced a horror story through that lens, right?However, the game ultimately suffers from a pretty undisciplined RNG.  You can start a game with motion sensors but be on a ship where all adjacent rooms are unscannable.  Or maybe you end up on a ship where you can't reach the fuel room because the power inlets are in an unfortunate position and you don't have the tools to overcome that situation yet.  It's fun to methodically crawl a ship, dealing with the threats you encounter -- it's not fun to realize that it's about to come down to luck, and you need to open a door and hope nothing lunges through and cripples your drone.  Or that it's not down to luck, but it's going to take half an hour to make sure you checked out the whole ship.  (By the way?  You can't save and quit during a misson without abandoning the current ship you're exploring, and there's no cloud save.  So, if you need to do something IRL mid-mission, I hope you don't mind leaving the app running!)The things I'm describing aren't lategame content or high difficulty settings.  These are things you can encounter in the first two ships you explore with the difficulty settings all set as easy as it goes.I really want to like this game.  But the game doesn't do quite enough to guarantee that each playthrough feels fair, which really kills my desire to stick to it and learn.  I would be delighted to hear that the devs got the time to take a pass at rebalancing and re-polishing this, because it has great potential."
,Recommended,254320,19251915,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,itsubitsu,"11/24/2015Creep around derelict spacecraft with a unique control scheme and interesting setting until an red swarm enemy kills you.Unlike the other enemies, when you see a red swarm, you have two options: Use your gatling gun, or, if you don't have one, die and lose all progress. Oh yeah, the swarm enemy moves faster than a fully upgraded drone and breaks some of the rules that every other entity in the game (including you) is required to follow."
,Recommended,254320,18691880,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,vexx32,Duskers is pretty much the embodiment of what I've been looking for over the last few years. Buy it. Play it. Love it.
76561198036618716,Recommended,254320,27800985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arginine,"Great concept and idea. The game is set up very atmospherically, starting with the controls and the graphics. I needed a short time to get used to the controls (not difficult, just different, not intuative), but the the way the controls work, really add to the whole atmosphere of the game.In itself, the game is many times replayable. Even after 7 hours, everytime I open a door, I fear what is behind it. So I tend to proceed with caution.  The gameplay doesn't tend to change, but neither does it of any AAA title. CoD/BF/CS -> you just shoot your gun, the gameplay never changes. Here, you slowly getting pieces of a puzzle, that will uncover, what the heck is going on in the universe, and why are you all alone. While this happens, the game gets more and more difficult. Your stuff break, so you will have to salvage more parts. You will have to swap vehicle, as your spaceship is starting to get used up. You will have to make careful decision, on what you spend your slavaged parts, and whether you really HAVE TO use an upgrade and risk it to break, or you can survive without it, and you don't have to repair it useing up the few parts you salvaged.I can only recommend this game. Don't expect a shooter à la ""Alien Swarm"". This is a tactical/strategy game involving little to no shooting."
,Recommended,254320,23280511,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,FiRegore,"- Enter Derelict- Open Airlock a1- Navigate Drone 1,2 into R2- Power Generator- Open D2- Navigate Drone 1 into R3- ""Drone taking Damage""- ""Drone destroyed""- Close D2- ""Door blocked""- ""OH SH*T""- Navigate Drone2 to R1- ""Drone taking Damage""- Close A1- ""Drone destroyed""- Exit- Start againLost 2 Drones, left without loot Loot.Would play again!"
76561198079110589,Recommended,254320,28653465,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ThomasTheDankEngine,"*Hears sudden loud beeps followed with a loud crash*""WHAT WAS THAT""*D23 is reporting dammage""*R13 flooded with radiation*...*D23 destroyed**Drone 1 reporting dammage**Drone 1 destroyed*10/10 would get love having my generator drone taken out again."
76561198008297618,Recommended,254320,26464860,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,fatcat1111,"Unusual and engaging, the sort of game that makes it way in to your dreams after you start playing it."
,Recommended,254320,28535067,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,proudnhello,"The one game for car/plane/boat rides, as its fun, and it doesn't need a mouse."
76561197983591196,Recommended,254320,22528617,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SturmTigerElRammstein88,Highly recommend this game! cerebral and nerve racking moments will occur and you will feel them drones.
76561197993589456,Not Recommended,254320,29302505,Posted: 16 January,all,IonStormVortex,"Duskers is fun in an alt-game style using console commands to control your fleet of salvage drones through puzzles.  There is a real-time aspect that is paced just enough to allow you time to enter panicked commands and flee / react accordingly.  This cadence for difficulty balancing works well with this hybrid mouse/console action game.  It's permadeath, but you maintain your research (discoveries and quests) across lives.  There's drone management and ship management with upgrades and seizures to keep things interesting.  You never have enough fuel so exploration is at a premium.However, for me the game ground to a halt when the organic, viral enemies were introduce mid-game.  These mobs replicatre rapidly in-room withouth showing up on motion scanners, and their silent growth can make holding a generator active with a drone impossible, as well as block off access routes and become impassible.  It was just too much of a wrench thrown into the game which sucked the fun out of it as well as derails your own cautious grind towards greater power.  After a few attempts, I found that at this stage the game required so much micro-management (and cursing) that the earlier, fun think-and-react style play disintegrated.  I eventually put the game away as it just wasn't enjoyable anymore; despite its potential and promise.  And if a game just goes back into the abyss of your Steam library, then what good is it?  That's why I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,254320,25061431,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Fira,"Duskers is an atypical title mixing:- Puzzle Games- Rogue-lite Games- Survival Games- and even Horror to an extentall in one package.> open a1Mission started.Think FTL, except there's no live combat, and nobody to talk to.At least, don't expect the combat to go well for you.It's you, your schematic view, your drones, and those derelicts to explore.What's that creaking ? Yes, there's enemies also and dynamic event--Wait, where did the schematic view go again ? Lost Video Feed ?! Right...> navigate all r1Some people have been complaining in the reviews about difficulty. I can say however that after almost 30 derelicts i've yet to even see a living enemy on-screen. Sit back, relax, and play it as a Puzzle Game at first, moving slowly and carefully, leaving no option unchecked, and you won't have any trouble.> sensorIf you prefer a more dynamic playstyle, there are modules that enable this sort of play. Mines, Lures, Teleporation modules, you name it. Sadly, they won't be able from the beginning.> trap; teleport r1; trap boomIn the end Duskers is very interesting to play through and should keep you entertained for a few hours to a few dozens, depending how much you stick to the game concept.> open a3Room r4 exposed to open space> close a3I can definitely recommend this to any fans of :- Space Exploration- Careful Planning- Tense Atmospheres- Things going wrong... again.You might not like this if you're into more proactive games. Or just hate typing commands.> exit"
76561197972730530,Recommended,254320,25053568,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,chuckroddy,"I played a lot of Duskers, even after I did everything I could in the game. I do recommend disabling random radiation outbreaks and increasing the amount of scrap that you get, otherwise the game gets too frustrating."
,Recommended,254320,31086159,Posted: 11 April,all,ConfusingDalek,"A great game in my opinion. Has this great style and feel to it. At times, it could easily be considered a horror game, with the tenseness involved (ohshitohshitohshit somethings breaking down the door into this room aAaaaaaahHHH OH♥♥♥♥♥♥I JUST LOST MAIN VIEW RUN LITTLE DRONE RUNNNN)."
,Not Recommended,254320,32047096,Posted: 29 May,all,Danish Toenails,"I can't help but agree with many of the downvoters here about the lack of progression and the severe detriment the randomness adds to this game. It's a cool concept and setting that's completely wasted by the fact that nothing changes after awhile. On top of that, and this may just be me, I can't get past the first enemy in the second system without my game crashing! I want to play more of this game but the fact that I can't progress any farther than I have is so unimaginably frustrating. Pre-designed levels instead of completely random ones. Additional structures and options (forcefields, corpses, extra turrets in military, more likely to get logs in goverment, more fuel in fuel depots, etc.) in each ship dependant on what the ship class is. Stability improvements. Late or mid game content. Story progression. additional drone or modification crafting options. Enemy difficulty escalation and correspondence with ship class.THESE are the things that would turn this game from a cool but underwhelming concept, to an amazing game that would be playable for years to come. I'd love to see some of these improvements to the game, but for now I just can't upvote it."
76561198083235415,Not Recommended,254320,23146249,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,thedonser93,"Its a good concept and is quite polished, However it lacks progression and diversity.I would recommend getting this game if its on a decent sale of less than 5-10$ otherwise I would save your money.It just doesn't have the finished title feel."
76561198057566481,Not Recommended,254320,23109195,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Croak90,Very expensive for what it offers. Would heartily recommend at $5-10.
,Recommended,254320,23282314,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Berrik,"This game is groundbreaking.Not only does Duskers feel like a game that could get kids into coding, but each new progression in the story makes playing very interesting.You find yourself being taxed while inputting commands and trying to keep all your drones alive in this survival game.The horror aspect of this game really must apply to younger players...If you're young this game might be a nightmare.If you're older, this game is a survival challenge.Currently the game is very basic (with some brilliant visuals) and plays like a randomly generated rogue like strategy game. Using drones and their equipped skills to explore derelict ships really creates a sense of desperation: One minute you've got a full team of drones carefully scanning though a ship and suddenly the whole team is wiped out with one wrong door open.What this game really leaves you wishing is that there was more of it. It feels like you're at a computer terminal in a world like Alien or Dead Space.Your monitors can fail, but there is no ""camera feed"" option for the drones, (a single point of light and a drone perspective being the only way to navigate). The game makes you wish there was more depth, which only shows you how good the mechanics are.If you haven't already, go buy this! It's great! There is nothing like it out there!"
76561197996787144,Recommended,254320,17730461,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,andyk_,"Amazing game with dedicated developers.  I can't recommend this enough, and I hope it is the beginning of a genre.  Once they add parameters to aliases, this will be perfection."
76561198022598490,Recommended,254320,18960178,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Robert Delacroix,The game is as addicting as M&Ms.  You ever just eat one M&M?
76561198067665602,Recommended,254320,32690018,Posted: 23 June,all,sopalinium,Keeps crashing on osx. Unplayable.EDIT: I managed to make the game not crash by lowering all graphics quality to the lowest. An excellent game in the end !!
,Recommended,254320,27281187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Col. Creamcheese,Way more effective than any typing game I ever played as a child. The death of your only friends is a real motivator.
,Recommended,254320,23119894,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,~Thorn782~,"Nice game, even if I don't really understand how some aliases works.Good Job !"
76561197992286273,Recommended,254320,26514249,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jormungandr,"First derelicts I boarded I accidentally flooded it with radiation. In my hurry to get my surviving drone out I blasted the damn thing into space.Next time an alien life form got in the airlock (because I forgot to close it) and all my drones got disassembled.It's like a combination of a top down RTS, old school text based adventures and being hunted, every door you open might lead to something that'll keep you alive for one more day, or it could lead to a new drone with a shield or a turret, or it could be a hostile swarm of aliens or a failing airlock.10/10"
76561197996230909,Recommended,254320,26522076,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,istjr,The Rock Paper Shotgun review of this game sums it up for me. This game better evokes the atmosphere of the original Alien film better than any official Franchise game I ever played. Even Alien Isolation wasn't nearly isolated enough. Dealing with marauding bandits morphed A:I into too much of an action shooter for me.
76561197970342576,Recommended,254320,26590727,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jim_nihilist,Duskers combines the feeling of Alien (the Movie) and Star Wars: A New Hope into one compelling strategy game. You really feel like an operator and you get desperate when your drones get disabled.Well worth every Penny you spend!
76561197989906616,Recommended,254320,25119469,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Steboost,"A harsh but brilliant roguelite where you order drones around derelict spaceships for resources & clues to where the human race has vanished to. Derelicts are full of possible dangers that lurk in the dark.Presented in an atmospheric old school computer style & controlled by a simple commandline it's gripping and at times terrifying.I have seen Duskers described as FTL meets the bit from Alien where they guide Dallas through the air ducts & it's exactly that in mechanics & atmosphere.""navigate all to shop1 and buy."""
76561198037006295,Recommended,254320,26597503,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Magnanimous,"What I love:the atmospherethe command line interfacethe love that was obviously poured into this game (ty dev)What I hate:everything breaks all the time (when you need it most)after the first few ships it becomes a grind that you just can't get ahead ofIs it worth it?I enjoyed the ten hours that I put into it, but I can't see myself playing anymore. If you're bored (and techy) give it a try."
,Recommended,254320,26596012,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nightmare,a1navigate 1 2 3 r2generator 2interface 3d2navigate 1 r3motionBEEP BEEP BEEP *from 3 rooms right next to eachothernavigate 1 2 3 r1exit10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥ out again cuz ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥Ok but in all honesty this game is sooo worth the 20 dollars (I bought this game on sale 25% off however) Its a horror game in the sense that there is a ton of tension and a well developed atmosphere. Great game and you're damn right I would recommend this to anyone!
76561198028035172,Recommended,254320,23437545,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Knoedelmeister,"it is different, but gives me the same feeling as ""faster than light"""
76561198085519545,Recommended,254320,23538267,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,silver2127,SOOOO SCARY AND SOOO FUN
76561197972206280,Not Recommended,254320,30532187,Posted: 15 March,all,kk™,"Awesome first 2-3 hours, but then you realize there is no real progression, no end game, no goal. You are basically just boarding ship after ship to get scraps to maintain your current loadout, which gets very repetitive very fast.Feels like a beta for now. However, the concept is so great that I really hope the devs come out with some real mid- and late-game content."
76561198011050078,Recommended,254320,19967628,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Wiz4rd,Amazing game. Huge potential.Great setting. The game makes you really consider every move carefully.Updates are launched frequently and bring good stuff every time.
,Recommended,254320,31532913,Posted: 3 May,all,Charlie4077,A really addictive and thrilling experience
,Recommended,254320,25087301,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Mumra,"As the last survivor of an unknown cataclysm you have to play detective, piecing together clues that you gather drifting around a vast graveyard of space derelicts, somewhere in the universe. Did I say last survivor? Sorry, I meant lasthumansurvivor.To achieve this task you remotely control a tiny squad of crack drones, entirely through a command line interface.Wait, what, a command line interface?Don't worry, the commands themselves are very simple, easy to learn, and the console auto-completes as you type so you only have to type the first character or two of each command. If you're a fast and accurate typist, however, you'll certainly have a bit of an advantage here.But the absolutely glorious thing about this (on the surface slightly bizarre-seeming) design choice is the sense of immersion it manages to create. Through static-covered camera feeds across failing communication lines you observe every bit of action at a distance, yet I felt far more connected to the world than in any game of recent times. You geniunely feel like a lone operator, sat bathed in the glow of a terminal, watching helplessly as your last drone is yet again decimated by some unseen threat. This is sci-fi horror at its best. The low-tech aesthetic evokes the classic Alien. The gameplay itself is a satisfying mixture of strategy and puzzle as you figure out how to avoid, contain or destroy threats with the limited tools available. You are forced to regularly rethink how you approach situations as your equipment breaks down requiring you to discover new ways to use the various drone abilities together. But whatever happens there is a sense of fairness; every misstep, every failure, every tear shed for a lost drone, it is always your own fault; for not planning properly, forgetting some detail in your strategy, misreading the situation, or just entering the wrong damn command.As a big reader of science fiction I can also say that the writing is truly excellent, as you piece together the events leading up to this mysterious cataclysm entirely through slightly garbled text logs which always drop just enough hints to grow the universe a bit each time and generally keep the story moving. One of the few games I've played where the hunt for text logs actually makes total sense contextually and is expertly woven into the core experience, rather than being simply an afterthought to flesh out the exposition. My onlyonlygripe is that the various strands of story you are uncovering never really quite tie together into a full and proper conclusion which is what I was expecting ... instead this is left as an exercise for the player to simply piece together on their own or in forum discussions. Which, in itself, may have been an entirely intentional design, and is certainly somehow in keeping with the bleak hopelessness of the situation you find yourself in.One of the most original, gritty and genuinely tense gaming experiences I've had in a long time, absolutely terrific."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,254320,34408592,Posted: 21 August,all,Naburimannu,"I would *like* to recommend the game... Polish is great, gameplay is fine.For 3 hours.But the difficulty seems to spike unpredictably, and even on the easiest difficulty level the only possible gameplay is extremely cautious gameplay - which after 3 hours is just uninspiring. My strategy and power seem to have plateaued rather quickly, and now it's just a fight against entropy while I look for ??? Maybe there's some subtle clue that I'm doing it wrong, but I'm not motivated to spend another couple of hours replaying the early stages to see if I can somehow find another course."
76561197999797567,Recommended,254320,24922016,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheOctagon,"Been interested in this game since early access. Finally got it on sale, and I don't regret it. As the description indicates, this is a roguelike where you pilot drones around via command prompts. If you've ever wanted to simulate the feeling of being in space by yourself with nothing but a computer console and some drones (kind of like the environmental feel of Alien), get this game :-)"
76561197971468565,Recommended,254320,25068317,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,kentrak,"How to describe this?  Like FTL, but with more tension.  Like the 80's and 90's movies that features hackers, where you use your command line to enact real change.  Satisfying in its control scheme, tense in its delivery, and unforgiving of mistakes.Check your surroundings, ladies and gentlemen, because there's monsters about."
,Recommended,254320,23062536,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tipx,"Most games that have programming/scripting/command line aspect sucks. This one doesn't.I played a few versions of the early access and it already felt like a complete game, short of the story, but I'm into game for gameplay, not stories.Pros:- Great Aestetic- Easy enough to get into, yet really challenging (Like FTL)- You can use various aproaches to same situation- Enemies with... personnality (wanted to stay spoiler free)- Active Developper that was outgoing with his plansCons:Nothing really."
76561198113774544,Not Recommended,254320,17683614,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LongDog,"I personally love the idea of rouge-likes. games that mke your actions have immediate results and consequences.But there is a line. a delicate line, a line once drawn can make or break a game.This line is what makes or ruins rouge-likes for players. My friends and i call this line RNG GodIn FTL you can come out of warp into a sun covered with a metor shower having to fight a allready hard foe, with next to to survive it. Thats crossing the RNG lineIn duskers you start off with three drones with one of a few starting set ups. this chooses FOR YOU, which tactics you will employ early in the game. you can try to do your own thing but you are extremely restricted by your starting gear.I have had a horrible time with the RNG line in duskers, just like in FTL you can be randomly screwed over with the flip of a coin, reguardless of however skilled you are.My worst experiance by far was a 1 hour and a 1/2 run where i tip toed through 6 ships to get another drone and an interface moduel to make raiding ships easier. EASIER, not easy.The very next ship i go to to start employing use of the new drone and tool. i shift airlocks to deploy a drone elsewhere in the ship and suddenly : RADIATION COMING IN THROUGH THE HULL. directly into the room with all 3 of my drones who are basically keeping eyes on the entire ship.Before this mission the ship scans said the hulls intergrity was GOOD. If you randomly change the paramiters of a mission where a constant is known beforehand to be reliable its a sucker punch. This is a prime example of Random difficulty spikes that ruin fabulous games.I Do NOT recommend this game because of the exsistance of such extreme, random, and game breaking spikes like this.A space bound Astroid strike give you a chance to either turn tail or continue, the enemies are fantastic, you can find them and dispose of them multiple ways, even the sudden rouge enemies deciding to open doors they dont like is fun and keeps you on your toes.But you cannot come out of left feild with a random sucker punch.So TL:DRThe game duskers is fantastic, from its look, to its form to its story you peice together yourself. I barely even see it being a early access game, it FEELS complete. And i will be playing it for weeks to come.Sadly it is another rouge-like with unpredicable absolutly random difficulty spikes that players will quite likely be unready for, and it may cause undue frustration and a game over.I do not recommend it unless you are patient, want a game like this for the sheer intrest factor or are a masochist who likes being occasonally sucker punched."
,Recommended,254320,30109530,Posted: 22 February,all,DOUGIE JONES,a1; nav all a1; gen 3; d3; motion 2; d3; nav 1 r3; stealth 1; d3game is tight
,Not Recommended,254320,23109077,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"RNG on top of RNG on top of RNG.  Once you get the basics down, which takes maybe a couple of hours and one or two resets, it becomes painfully obvious that this game is a glorified version of Solitaire, where it looks like you're doing things but in reality you never have any real choices and what happens during a playthrough is dictated entirely by the whims of the RNG.Exploration this game gets very repetitive very quickly.  Every derelict is the same.  Some upgrades are almost absurdly more useful than others.  Find turret, shield, stealth, interface, and remote power upgrades early and you'll go a long way.   But most of the time you'll just limp along carefully avoiding enemies until you inevitably die anyway.Eventually you'll run out of scrap, fuel, find yourself in a constellation with almost no boardable ships, find your drones stranded by radiation that cut them off from the exit, have your scouting drone get trapped in small or cluttered a room with an enemy and not be able to escape before its stealth runs out, or you'll just typo the wrong door and you'll die and it's back to the beginning.  Very few of my deaths did I feel were my fault nor did I feel I could have done anything to prevent them.  But even then there's no real progression so aside from your losing your drones it doesn't feel like much of a loss and whatever snippets of the story you've found remain."
76561198055621065,Not Recommended,254320,28999104,Posted: 3 January,all,solarphoenix7,"So, shame on me for not noticing that this game has the ""rogue-like"" tag on it when I'm not that big a fan of rogue-likes. Take this review with a grain of salt.I really wanted to like this, and I may fiddle with it a bit after writing this to see if it grows on me. I dig the aesthetic of old CRT monitors and controlling my drones and ship with a command line. It's a neat touch how each drone has slightly different video outputs, encouraging me to use scanning mods on the one with a whole 2 color displays, and leave the blind one as the power generator. It's really cool how I'm forced to build some kind of working strategy out of a ragtag collection of parts, and still feel like I can handle most situations.Emphasis on ""most"" I understand that you're never really supposed to ""win"" rogue-likes. You build up strength and capabilities over time, and so do your opponents. Eventually your growth will taper off, while your enemies continue to get stronger and overwhelm you.This game doesn't feel like that, though. I've gone through two games so far, and each time my team gets wiped, it's not because the enemy gradually became too much for me to handle, but because the game threw some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at me that I had no way to counter. First time it was because an asteroid destroyed the only airlock back to my ship, and the second was because an enemy ate the doorway next to the first room, and then all of my drones before they even got off the docking ship.I didn't lose because I pushed my team to their limit, took one too many gambles, and ultimately made one fatal mistake; I lost because the game decided I was going to. Even by rogue-like standards, that's not fun."
,Recommended,254320,23074897,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Kdo1123,love it.
76561198004485731,Recommended,254320,18585892,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Bladehelm,"A delightful throwback that will have you cursing Mavis Beacon's name as your fingers betray both you and your faithful drones.  It's remarkable how some very rudimentary (not primitive, rudimentary) imagery and clever game play really build a feeling of desperate isolation and dread.  Behind every airlock and door could be death or salvation.  But it's salvation that's short lived, as you must keep scavenging to survive.  It's not  a matter of IF everything will stop working and leave you stranded in the inky black, but WHEN."
,Recommended,254320,28199348,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gargoyle,"Nice casual game - interesting interface, light learning curve, rewarding and challenging, if repetitive."
76561197982178025,Recommended,254320,22729906,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Urist the First,"I've played on and off since early, early access, this game has been consistently good; the devs are awesome and the concept is just great; I would really recommend trying it; It's worth every penny at full price.Why are you still reading; Go try!"
76561198097728618,Not Recommended,254320,24069661,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dedreamer428,"I got this game because Cool Ghosts said it was good and.... it's not. It's incredibly boring. The puzzles range from tediously simple to impossible. The core of the gameplay seems to consist of restarting every time you run into a ship with a radiation leak or something and then just hoping that you don't run into another. There isn't really any skill involved, unless luck and patience are skills. I listened to Quinns and Matt rave about this game for over an hour and I'm still not sure what the appeal was meant to be. I wish my generosity had run out an hour sooner so I could have returned this thing. I'm someone who loves FTL and XCOM, two games this one keeps being favorably compared to, and there is just no contest. I'd rather play two hundred more hours of either than spend another second with this hunk of junk."
76561198003410999,Not Recommended,254320,23519802,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BBQigniter,"Like other's already said, I hate it not to be able to recommend this game. It get's frustrating after a few rounds and I really tried to like it. The concept is great, the feeling is great, the audio is great, ... but YOU REALLY NEED TO BE A MASOCHIST to play this game. It's even with easier settings (e.g. enemies do not use vents) pretty hard. The RNG is also very frustrating sometimes. E.g. you must find a new ship cause your old one is going to break, just before you clear the last room - beep, beep, airlock a2 going poof or door not closing anymore - aaah wtf, why suddenly now?And i find it sometimes unlogic that you are so EXTREMELY *sigh* limited in a ""space travel"" game and the longer you plan your actions, the more gross things will happen (well, the ship is floating years without things happening, and suddenly out of the blue, an asteroid will hit it?)Why shouldn't you be able to go back to an already visited ship?Why do you have to find an interface module (and cannot build one) to be able to access terminals?You visit a dozen ships, why cann't you maintain your current one with those parts and only switch to the next old banger?In general the durability system is too harsh in my opinion. The ISS wouldn't last a day and Dragon X would fall apart after a launch in this game ;o)"
76561197969010968,Recommended,254320,17653621,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,morismichael,WOW!!! so much fun!! good job!!!
,Recommended,254320,17654662,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Demonhntr,"Such a great game! You will lose yourself in the game! Well done so far for Early Access, cannot wait to see what else they have in the future for the game!"
76561198015389943,Recommended,254320,17648689,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Leshy,Wall-E meets Alien!Just let that sink in and then go buy the game you wont be disapointed.
76561198048011384,Recommended,254320,23089294,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tystefy,"> Initializing...     Done.> Analyzing...      Done.> Warning: Corrupted data detected. Recalibrating...Day 39. Found yet another derelict. Docked for salvage. Motion trackers kept going off... again. Great.Sent D2 to restore power to the doors. I'm out of bait. Need to 'herd' thes/21#XF@$""{>?}S+n over. Just pray that they mo2%""~QW{}>_+&@^$#!@*(lose the door behind them. Sent D1 to salvage now empty roo> Warning: Corrupted data detected. Recalibrating...cking brilliant. D3 was also disabled. At least it didn't explode like D4 last time...Now I need to rescue both of them... D3 is blocking the door{:>#@@CD_$close it!D1's camera still works! Nee21""@#:!>_utta there. Whole lot of patience to get all the buggers i@&##T%_:}{2om.Finally. Sent D2 to take tow tool from D3. D2 drags bot41{!:>_!&#!&$%@^!#@*_he airlock. Undocked with a mediocre haul.Gotta hope the next one has more fue""$>@$^&#@ss weird aliens.> Log complete. Like this review? (y/n)"
76561198059966256,Recommended,254320,24965962,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,doorclam,"im early on into this game only just starting my first foray into the dead universe of duskers and im already loving it.It perfectly executes the atmosphere of infinite nothing, no more humans, the only organic things that still exist are relentlessly trying to kill you. And let me say the first time I encountered a hostile entity it jumped at me and made me jump out of my chair and across the room.you play the role of a drone operator sending salvage bots into the many dead ships you encounter to scrounge what you can to survive.play wise this game really nails the simple but deep control scheme switching between more precise direct control and the less precise more effecient console commands. It can also really lead to some tense moments, frantically driving away from a threat.The metagame of ability management and the degradation of drone tools and the drones themselves can at some times be rather annoying but it herds you into trying all sorts of different playstyles to clear ships.Tl;dr its a fun game, will scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you sometimesim still looking over my shoulder every minute while playingthe meta games fun and the mechanics are solid.Totally Recomended"
76561198025329006,Recommended,254320,24963707,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Danger,"Duskers is one of those truly original games that are also engaging and fun. The command line is a brilliant interface in that it is a unique gameplay mechanic that works very well to heighten the tension and suspense.The game is not without its downsides, though. After a while, it does start to feel repetitive. the randomized ship layouts help negate this in part, because sometimes it is quite a puzzle to figure out how to navigate around the various enemies while using the fewest of your scarce resources. Because modifications only take wear when first activated after boarding, the decision to use a particular drone's ability has to be weighed against the cost of the wear on the mod, and the likelihood that it will break. These decisions help to keep the game interesting. Also, the story elements do a lot to keep things fresh. Having a goal in the form of pursuing a story's theory helps a lot.The story itself has its own problems, though. Read on at your own risk!I've played the game long enough that I've reached what I believe to be the end of each of the theories. Unfortunately, none of them offer any real resolution. I think that the developers intend this to be open ended, and for us to draw our own conclusions. I like this, in a way. But after spending so much time pursuing an answer, to find none while simultaneously being left without any goal made me feel like there wasn't much reason to continue playing the game. The survival aspect is still fun, but it was far more fun when I felt like it had a purpose. Hopefully, more story content will be available in a future patch...Lastly, the game does have a few bugs. Ocassionally, upgrades will disappear or become unequipped. Also, I've experienced some intermittent graphical issues. Fortunately, none of these have been particularly game breaking and, in each case, restarting the game seems to fix things (including the missing upgrades). However, I have read that there is a serious bug that effects Mac users, and can leave the game unplayable.Ultimately, I would readily recommend this game to anyone who watches the trailer and thinks it looks interesting. It really is. I would not even hesitate to buy the game at full price: I did, and I don't regret it!"
76561198038658349,Recommended,254320,24948996,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SqueakyDolphin,"Honestly, this is one of the coolest games I've played in a long time.The whole goal is to move from system to system, salvaging and leeching off as many derelict ships as you can (hint: every single ship is derelict). It's a bit hard to tell from the trailer, but the entire game's actually closer to a hacking style game than anything. While you can pilot drones around manually, you can also type in commands to navigate drones from one room to another, and every single action you do (from gathering stuff to opening doors to interfacing with terminals) has to be typed out. The typing ""controls"" are actually very simple and straightforward, and they seem to function quite well without any major issues (except some pathfinder issues, but it's not that big of a deal).This is the perfect game if you're looking to be the last known survivor, in space, without actually ever doing anything yourself"
76561198045310920,Recommended,254320,24947083,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Royvan7,"it is a good game, it has drones"
76561198051498423,Recommended,254320,25123143,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BlackDjinn,"Like a lot of games today, this game is hard. You loose. A lot. You spend an hour exploring a ship and do it all perfectly... and get nothing from it. But as I said, being 'hard' isn't a new thing or even a bad thing.Unlike a lot of games today, this game is fun. Dynamic puzzles, exploration of setting, great atmospherics add to it. Like a lot of great games, the complexity is emergant rather than coded in the gameplay. Control is simple, display is simple, information is easily and readily available. And it won't save you. And you'll want to go right back in.If Mini Metro is fun but lacks a sense of immersion or a sense of dread, this game is for you."
,Recommended,254320,23211353,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Archmage,"This game is 99% chill and 1% OH GOD BUGS EVERYONE BACK TO THE SHIP GO GO GOThe best bit? At any moment, your carefully constructed plan could be completely disrupted by♥♥♥♥♥♥BUGS AAAAAUUGHWatch out for bugs. They will mess you up."
76561198025426090,Recommended,254320,24201837,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,erikwarming,"This is a fun puzzel game.Remember this is not a shooter, monster will ruin you day - avoid them!The game quests progress even if you reset, so don't sweat"
,Recommended,254320,22968432,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[BWC] Kyle Lewis,"Great game, I have had the best rage quits with this game. LOL I have kept coming back because the whole premise of the game is really entertaining, and just cause I open the wrong door, doesn't mean that the game is at fault!Explore!"
,Recommended,254320,23030188,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kashmar79,"I love this game. Low tech, nice story, interesting consept (coding, exploration, mystery-solving). A really nice puzzler!"
,Recommended,254320,25043512,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ithaldir,"An interesting deep space strategy game, though a bit pricey for $20 in my opinion. You control a team of up to four drones with a variety of upgrades into ships, space stations, and outposts. You have to salvage these places in order to repair/upgrade your drones as well as repair/upgrade/refuel your ship. Only problem is that there are always enemies on board that you need to take care of.The above doesn’t sound too hard in principle until you take into account that you almost exclusively control your drones through a command line, typing in commands. If you are playing this game you might as well just unplug your mouse because you can’t use it. You have to be carful about what you type and you need to be accurate because a simple typo can destroy all of your drones. That is why things should be taken slow and carful, because if you make a mistake and one of your drones is in trouble panic will make it even harder to type.If you like enjoying yourself please, take all the difficulty settings and turn them to zero. By large request the developers eventually added difficulty settings as before ‘normal mode’ meant perma-death, if you make a mistake you either have to cut your losses or restart from scratch. Even on easy mode I’ve never had enough resources to waste on anything. Since the universes, galaxies, and systems you explore are procedurally generated, you are always at the mercy of RN-jesus.I enjoy the game a bit, though I play it in bursts because it tends to get tedious, which is why I recommend you wait for a sale."
76561198074052039,Recommended,254320,24103306,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,t1-delta,"If you know what Computercraft for Minecraft is, then you have an Idea how awsome a Consolebased Drone-Operator game like this can be!This game resembles a symbiosis of a puzzle and strategy game with technical depth and subtle but serious Horror elements.The gameplay core consists of survival through gathering of Fuel and Scrap in (almost) deserted Spaceships & stations.But these space entities hold tremendous Horrors for curious scavangers.Upon entering the deserted floors of these drifting relics These Horrors await beneath every door. Use technical assistance to reveal threats and trick or even exterminate any hostile matter. You may start out with few of these Gadgets but soon your drones will be up to any confrontation. Upgrades and scrap awaits the bravest of drone Operators.10/10 would type ""begin"" again"
,Recommended,254320,23286900,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Simpeman,"I haven't really put that much time into the game so I'm making the note that this is an early review.This game seems awesome. It's puzzle-based and interesting with a really entertaining UI.I'll review this review and rewrite it when I've played more, but so far it's really fun!"
,Recommended,254320,23174255,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,tdog00346800,"This game is wonderful. I'm serious.DISCLAIMER: I Program computers in my free time when I get bored of video games. My opinion will be skewed by such, you have been warned.Duskers asthetic is ♥♥♥♥ING WONDERFUL! Seriously! It reminds me of the old computers from days of yore! I LOVE IT TO DEATH!Duskers has a wonderful tension to it, specifically in the OH♥♥♥♥♥♥situations that crop up here and there. It sets a wonderful atmosphere and has a deeply interesting world with what little I've seen of it thus far. You use drones to explore derelict ships and scavenge for resources. It's a spectacular experience as you yourself are not directly inside these deathtraps, but the loss of a drone or failure to gather fuel is a constant threat. These risks and threats still feel very immediate even though I can continue if I lose a drone, or don't find scrap.Do not attack the enemy head on, you will loose countless drones. If you want a FPS or something with lots of shooting, go buy an FPS. Duskers is about being resourceful and intelligent.You control your drones through a direct control (arrow keys) and a shell (Command Line). You can only drive a drone with the arrow keys, to do anything more you have to use the shell. It is rather simple and the game has a quick little tutorial, it isn't full blown programming but I still love it to death.A quick example of how one uses the shell> navigate 1 r15> gather 1 allthat would send drone 01 to room 15 and tell drone 01 to gather all the scrap in that room. It's a rather interesting little system.Along with these goodies there are upgrades, modules, etc, etc, etc. ALL THE LOOT! (Yes, you can also find disfunctional drones to tow back to your ship, repair, and use in future scavenging runs)However, loot can break. So you have to keep scrapping unneeded loot to keep your good loot in working order or it will become worthless scrap!There is equipment for drones, and ship upgrades. A great deal of the ship upgrades are very, very, useful. And I have eyt to run into a single drone upgrade I dislike (but the stealth and shield upgrades are my favorite). Plus, you can commandeer a derelict deathtrap if you can remove all hostiles from it. These ships can have all variety of goodies!Then, there is my favorite part. The Alias system.You can do some very, very, barebones and very basic automation of drone control with Aliasing.A few ExamplesA simple shortening of the navigate command for 0# $#!+! moments.nav=navigate $x1 ($x2) ($r1) ($d1)A simple alias to return a drone to the boarding vesselhome=navigate ($x1) ($x2) ($x3) ($x4) r1Scan and gather the room a drone is currently ingatherscan=scan $x1 ; gather $1 allTow a disabled drone back to the boarding vessel (haven't tested this one, made up on the fly)getdrone=nav $x1 $x2 ; tow $x1 ; nav $1 r1 ; tow $1Etc, etc, etcThe game is ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful!Oh, and a quick note, yes, you can suck stuff out an airlock :D:D:D:D:DPssst! A quick extra thing!Disabled drones still have a video feed! I let you think about how that is useful on your own!"
76561197980787666,Recommended,254320,24067685,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,yubman,"Fantastic game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,254320,26502000,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AWEdio,"This game is, for me, almost completely impossible. It does not seem to matter what I do, where I go, what I use, how I behave - I get swarmed, or I run out of fuel, or I don't have enough scrap. It started out fun but it is now just severely irritating. It is very well designed. Hatefully so!"
,Recommended,254320,23127759,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rylai,"Scanned room, inconclusive, opened door, alien charged through and proceded to kill 3 of my drones.4th drone opened all the doors and vented the entire ship to space.7/10 would definately get revenge again."
,Recommended,254320,28710184,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DanielSAN,A little gem. Don't miss it out!
76561197961261827,Recommended,254320,24991948,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,"This game is absolutely, mind-blowingly AAAAMAAAAZING.  AMAZING.  Think 'Alien' style retrotech, cmd console keyboard controls, writing your own simple command scripts, creativity, intense pressure.  This RPS review says it all:https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/05/23/duskers-review/Absolute 10/10.  Stop reading and start buying."
,Recommended,254320,23093200,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Finite Dusk,Fresh fluid and fun!
,Recommended,254320,28029774,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MacTenchi,"Super immersive, with interface, graphics, and sound all working to build the atmosphere.Great mechanics, I still come back every day to do the daily challenge.I wish the story had more of an ending.Nominated for The Steam Awards, in the ""Best FTL-alike"" category."
76561197968475979,Recommended,254320,28068236,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rainbow Weasel,"A good game if you are a sucker for console commands and drone management. Navigate through a bunch of derelict ships using only your robot buddies and their constantly failing equipment and optics, this game feels like something that would be in an Aliens movie."
,Recommended,254320,27877496,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[On|E] Mouse,"I don't think I've ever been as stressed over a command console as I have with this game.Put in the wrong flag on an AWK command, eh, you'll live.Put in the wrong flag on a command for a drone? Oh, you're screwed.It gets even better when you are under pressure, sort of like the trailer demonstrates. Try not to throw your keyboard at the screen when you can't type a simple word."
76561198041371573,Not Recommended,254320,30267937,Posted: 1 March,all,paul,"Great puzzle concept and atmosphere. It's a cerebreal version of System Shock 2, and just as scary.But the developers tell you up front to tweak the difficulty settings until the game is satisfying, and this is a big red flag telling you the game is  still ""early access"", even if the label's been removed.There's also not much content, no ending, and no satisfying conclusion. I also see some newbie UI mistakes in the ship plan view. The layout needs to be cleaned up.Needs more work.Maybe a sequel will allow the game to reach its full potential."
76561198197304071,Recommended,254320,33665801,Posted: 19 July,all,The White wolf,Best Game i have play
76561198077577655,Recommended,254320,27781595,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ekon Fain,"A coder's paradise. Or rather, nightmare, as you watch even your safest plans fall apart. This game has an interesting focus on making do when things go wrong."
76561198023306506,Recommended,254320,28323700,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Johann Sebastian Bach,I'd like to take a moment to remember the fallen drones who gave their lives when I opened the airlocks.They will be missed.
,Recommended,254320,34945846,Posted: 14 September,all,sevenseventyseven7,"The most prominent feature of this game is its use of Command Line Interface. You can literally control everything, even menus with it. There is no music, only the haunting sounds of derelict ships. Highly recommend! Also try Deadnauts, it's similar."
,Recommended,254320,33824173,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"honestly great game, always have fun with it, witnessed it rise from early alphas to where it is now, example of great game devs."
,Recommended,254320,27046134,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hape,"I've always wanted a game about being some kind of a drone operator salvaging derelict spaceships and you can imagine my surprise at actually finding a game that lets me do exactly that.Not only that, but it has an intriguing story to it, which I haven't completed yet. The game gets quite hard after a few hours, and I've had to reset a bunch of times after a few month break between tries."
76561197961554116,Recommended,254320,29081048,Posted: 6 January,all,Xrossover,"Duskers has to be one of the best roguelike derelict ship simulator in 2016.Just like all roguelikes, everytime you play this game, it's always different.I really love the concept of controlling drones either typing on console and manually control my drone while anything can go wrong from any upgrade modules to any ship and drone system video feeds.Exploring derelict ship is extremely tense because anything can happen from getting attacked by threats to current derelict ship being affected any hazard from space.No matter how messed up my situation is, there is always a possibility to continue my survival.Only thing I wish is that I could find more enemy types! Maybe in the future, they may add enough variety of scary threats.I swear, this game made my room into a cold ship in the space. Please play this in the dark!"
76561197992888618,Recommended,254320,18633520,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SirBunnyEater,navigate 1 2 3 4 steam storeinterface credit cardpurchase DUSKERSexit
76561197991621637,Recommended,254320,23899404,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,airforceboy49061,Great game!! Simple to play hard to master!!!
76561197999541802,Recommended,254320,25252998,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,IQuaan,Great game. Atmospheric and engaging.
,Recommended,254320,25211690,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Adversarius,> beginnavigating drone 1 to r2scrap found> gather 1 alldrone 1 taking damage> navigate 1 r1navigating drone 1 to r1drone 1 destroyed> a1> exit> cry because lost most useful droneproceeding to sob
76561198071079390,Recommended,254320,23220095,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Robert Downey Junior,"This game is just amazing.The story is immersive, I can't feel the time passing at all. Once I start the game, I must use an alarm to force myself to stop playing for the day and do something else.It may prove to be extremely challenging, and though I am a person who prefers story over gameplay, the creators did an outstanding job balancing difficulty and story.I wholeheartedly recommend it to everyone, and once you buy it, give it some time. It's going to be frustrating at first, but you will eventually get addicted to it.Thank you Misfits Attic for making this game!"
,Recommended,254320,23962266,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dissonant Serenity,"I bought this game along with a bunch of other rougelikes durring the steam summer sale of 2016.Then I ended up playing for the next four hours without realizing I forgot to eat dinner, and until I fell asleep at my desk.This is taking into account the fact that I have actual diagnosed chronic insomnia.This game is far far more immersive than one would expect, and will delight fans of unforgiving games such as Darksouls one, or the sort of people who always played Jack and Daxter with the difficulty set to maximum at all times.Five stars- would die again."
76561198009584330,Recommended,254320,24544428,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,unrealdemand,great game and you truly earn everything you get.
,Recommended,254320,24611547,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TwinMoonTerror,Wonderfully atmospheric. Choking visuals mean you strain your ears for the slight sound cues that just might give you an edge. Terminal controls reward a steady hand when a mistype can literally spell your end. Randomized layouts and different tools in your belt every playthrough keeps you on your toes throughout the excellently paced learning curve.WORTHEVERYCENT!
,Recommended,254320,24557427,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Kenaj,"Realy good indie game, worth cheking out!"
76561198240695784,Recommended,254320,24614190,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Color,"pretty good structure for the whole games. It like the coder to control the robots, but I wonder the game plot could be longer. the players can explore more galaxies."
,Recommended,254320,25193856,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Aleus,"Great atmosphere, has a lot of fun and interesting gameplay mechanisms."
76561198010221729,Recommended,254320,25229787,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,lux_aeternae,"Ok. so i had read about Duskers in some magazine. I like rouge-likes, i like space. I like mysteries.So i bought it.Started. Done smth stupid. Started over. Repeat.This game does not forgive. But it is fair. It does not kill you. You do it all by yourself.Is it hard?Not that much really. But like any other rouge-like, it is good to know that you are going to die quite often.Then you are going to learn basics.Plan ahead.Experiment.And most important of allHave fun.I did.8+/10"
,Recommended,254320,25240181,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,SirVeil,"Pretty cool.  I enjoy the constant struggle of your mind as you play: check this, check that, chwck again, rethink, act, pause, reconsider, try plan B,♥♥♥♥♥♥hits fan, lockdown, regroup, re think, re think again, etc.  It's pretty hard so be careful of any situation - even at your most confident you will falter!  I already have recommended this to others.  I met one of the developers at SF Playcrafting last winter and told him that I might buy it down the road.  Lo and behold, I am satisfied.  Thanks."
76561198146279661,Recommended,254320,25276648,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,adamreir,Really innovative and amusing for a long time. A bit monotone in the long run tho.
,Recommended,254320,23738052,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Stealthninja976,"Sees game ""oh this seems easy enough""First Ship ""How is this game hard""Second ship ""Hmm had to think a little there""Third ship ""ohh defense""Walks into room without turning defenses off ""F************************************K""4th ship ""Starting to get the hang of it now""5th ship ""wait what was that noise?""""Im sure its nothing"" AH S***second drone destroyed""THEY ARE EVERYWHERE... EVERYWHERE!!!!""NAVDUEIWFB ALL A45NAVIGDDHATE ALL A2NAVIDFGATE ALL 3NAVIGATEW ALL A1NAVIGATE ALL A1CLOSE A1""S*** THE DOORS BLOCKED""""F*** IT""EXIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197976338054,Recommended,254320,23062156,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Alias,"I've only played a little bit, but my first impressions have been very, very good. I loved FTL, and this is similar but far more immersive."
,Recommended,254320,23859482,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Simulacra_53,"Surprisingly effective game combining great atmosphere and inovative gameplay with challenging puzzles. The only things missing to make it complete as an intelligent ""Alien"" experience are the eerie motion tracker, opening doors and alarm sounds.Don't get me wrong the sounds are pretty good, but with a little bit extra effort it can be used effetively to raise the bar even more."
,Recommended,254320,22736147,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dak,Never before have I been this scared of opening a door.
76561198094330384,Recommended,254320,29022795,Posted: 4 January,all,Ghostly,"ok so, if u wanna type all commands u need rlly fast...heres all u do98123497374203948201489320iropewajfkdlsjaskojcfkanavigate♥♥♥♥♥♥r583 019238192083120390did that help?yah.ur welcome."
76561197982881963,Recommended,254320,17656574,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Razter,Interesting combination of retro spae exploration and a bit of a puzzle/strategy aspect. Still has more work to go but not bad.I would say I think the pricetag is a bit high. I would price this more around $10-15.
76561198036363309,Recommended,254320,30844673,Posted: 30 March,all,Space Hotdog,"Fun but repetative. If you purchase this game fresh try this challenge unit. (You may need to improvise)Prep:Gather 2 tent unit, 2 time measurment unit, 1 heavy duty charging unit, 1 portable computational device unit, and extra survival supply unit. Unit of fire, axe, water, sleeping bag, oven dutch, vomit collector pot, and toilet paper are recommendations.Must have: 1 unit of bag potatoes + 1 small 300ml unit VodkaSetup a virtual unit on portable computation unit.  [Oracle VM VirtualBox or VMSphere work]Make sure you have 1 300ml unit super cheap Vodka -Dark Eyes best, Smirnoff acceptableFrom unit of potatoe select 9.  Save 3 for day prior 6 for to challengeSelect frigid weekend and bring good friend unit.  Friend unit must be of having experiences.Day unit prior eat nothing but potato.  Only drink water unit. Making sure you charge portable power unit and portable lap computational unit, also other electric unit. Handly portable light unit is a mustAlmost:Enjoy first day of camping normal.  Only eat more potatos. Bake potato unit in iron oven as needed. Again, drink nothing but water.Late:Once evening end watch the sun begins to settle.  Have unit of friend making three potatoe.  While they are baking, setup your portable computational and power units for play away facing the tent opening.  Then lay out any supplies for to the challenge.Will be reqiured have Vodka, Potatoe, wanting a pot in case of stomach imploring.For the next 9 hours you will only be of eat potatoe unit and drink vodka unit.Prep game:Navigate the option menuTurn difficulty options to maximumSet Vmachine clock rapidity to 1/10thImmediately double of the Vodka.After game begins, scrap all except singular drone.Game condition:Have friend units manage your potato unit heating.Communication only through text unit.Friend unit will prepare potato unit with fire unit and oven unit .To increase the realistics, have separate tent and face away from opening.Condition:9 time units to continue playEvery moment first drone breaks take shotEvery 1.5 time unit eat potatoEvery 3 time unit take shotEvery moment game over take 1/4 time unit pauseWin:Beat gameVodka unit or Potatos unit emptyUnconscious sleep until sun rise with no broken electronic units.Lose:Not finish any 1 potato unit while consciousVomit is not done into large pot or outsideGive upCan you be a win unit?Edit: Units"
76561198027618583,Recommended,254320,28110336,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hello Toonie,"Quite incredible (& hard).  Very tense, with fragments of good, atmosphere-enhancing text.Lots of replayability."
76561198195364275,Recommended,254320,23755733,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Edgelord,"An interesting game, certainly worth trying out if you like either stealth or strategy games because this is a perfect mix of both with some sweet graphics thrown in."
76561197975464456,Recommended,254320,25898154,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Decoy,Excellence in suspense.nvagiate all r1nagviatw all r1na♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,254320,29108466,Posted: 7 January,all,sonic65101,"By far the best survival horror game I've ever played. The concept is unique, and I just love the command line interface. The only complaint I have is that I would like to see a lot more ship logs. I like seeing in-game lore depicted this way, something I also liked about the Metroid Prime Trilogy."
76561197970945836,Recommended,254320,24901082,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,frcala,"A infuriating game, that I keep coming back to time and time again. Retro gaming with a modern twist. An active chess game between you and the aliens. Just when you think you outsmarted them.......wham.....and into the cryo chamber for you....hoping that you will get rescured by a passing ship......"
,Recommended,254320,25157807,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,謬,FTL - Survival Horror EditionWarning: 'mouse' input no longer respondingYou are advised to get used to command lines to commÍÖ×çÕ your dronesDo not taÕÑâëÑè risksThey are using the ventßâÝØ¬GetðøÌû¹ÎúïøíÙçÃÕúçîõÎÛ
76561198007809895,Recommended,254320,17663207,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Winters Iron,"1. buy this game2. play this game3. watch as the room you are in fades and you are transported into the world of duskers4. get stressed as ♥♥♥♥5. regret buying this at the start of a hard semester becasue this is all you want to dowow. this game is done in such a way that it feels like you are not playing a game at all, you feel like a drone OP. the retro-tech and interface is very ALIENS and i love it. this game ranges from calm to honest to to god stressfull as hell."
,Recommended,254320,23893475,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aazatgrabya,"Unique, challenging, interesting.  Worth a play."
,Not Recommended,254320,28479176,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,The Nacho King,"I enjoyed this game for the first few whiles, but then it started to get boring and reppetitive. The game is not diverse enough, and is sometimes too easy, and sometimes too hard."
,Recommended,254320,32941048,Posted: 28 June,all,Nick,fun and well make game
76561198125636469,Not Recommended,254320,23463500,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,THIRdCokE,"Anyone who reads this thumb down don't worry, this is a good game that worth paying. But can you(developer) make sure that the game process(OS X 10.11.5) won't dead? Today I have to kill the game process twice so I wasted my fuels and resources(game knew I board a ship, but didn't remember what I get, I though game will save my data when I type in ""exit"" right? but before that the game was broken), this is not good. Maybe the situation will be much better on Windows? Can you fix the issue? Or let's say what kind of data do you need for debugging from me?"
76561198089284399,Recommended,254320,26094753,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,creeperbane,Scan inconclusive.Scan inconclusive.Scan inconclusive.Scan inconclusive.Scan inconclusive.Scan inconclusive.This is great!
76561198035912685,Recommended,254320,17650817,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Poptart Legend,good game
76561198101958482,Recommended,254320,23073044,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xXSniperHawkXx,"Starts up gameSays  "" hah 'survival' sikeeOn first ship go yolo and send first drone threw while ship without checking for enemiesContinue to yolo my way threw the gameGet to the third shipShip has 4 hostilesSays ""4 hostiles my♥♥♥♥♥quot;Yolo my way threw the first roomThen 4 xenomorph like things jump at meScream and scramble to close the doorRun my drone at turtle speed back to the bording shipFinnally get into birding shipTry to shut the door but am too scared and type in the wrong thingXenomorphs get into birding craftAll drones dieInstant delete of the gameThen instant re install and yolo my way there again"
76561198210217453,Not Recommended,254320,29387574,Posted: 20 January,all,euune,"Great game. Don't buy it. After 87 hours of game play, I can now honestly say there is no ending."
,Not Recommended,254320,23199427,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Luther,This game is way over priced.
76561198143027416,Not Recommended,254320,25083355,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,toadlyBroodle,Becomes very boring and repetitive quickly. Might be worth it for less than $5?
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,254320,25730349,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,becephalus,"Seems like it could be quite a great game for the right person.  For me it is a little too slow moving and difficult/tedious to control to be a good candidate for a roguelike.  I was on maybe my fifth ship and accidentally activated a defense structure in the room I was in because my kid was distracting me.  Killed most of my drones.No problem I will just load up a save, oh no saves.  So there was an hour wasted.That is ok not all games are for all people.  This seems well made and interesting, and maybe if I had gotten further or the controls were less annoying I would have stuck with it.  As it is I have dozens of games I can play, no need to spend time on ones I don't love."
,Recommended,254320,24818719,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,[!?] Physical,"Absolutely fantastic game. Terrifying at times, and endlessly replayable. Cannot reccomend enough."
76561197996425776,Recommended,254320,23776843,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TinyBitQuantum,"So much to learn, so much to fail.Stupid stupid swarm creatures..."
,Recommended,254320,28097405,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fragger,just buy it!!!!!
76561198199825507,Recommended,254320,23940794,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Mopeyintergram,i poop
76561198008712843,Not Recommended,254320,23082805,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Eljaysh,"Well that's £13.50 poorly spent and a lesson in not believing that ""Very Positive"" overall user review. Instead of periodic saves you get Reset; and it means just that, after a few times getting 2 or 3 salvage trips into the game and losing key drones to the ridiculously fast red things. The propsect of going all the way back to the start with randomised abilities on the drones was just too frustrating and dull to contemplate so I gave up. The experience isn't tense, it's annoying; I buy games to enjoy them not to be continually reset - where's the fun in that. At the speed it downloaded there's only about 20 lines of code and no graphics to speak of so a save command doesn't seem like too much to ask. The command line novelty soon wears off as you discover that to close a door in the face of a rapidly advancing red splodge that you don't get to see until the last minute and that your motion sensor didn't warn you about requires a down arrow plus a typed command. The most skilled touch typist on the planet is unlikely to be able to achieve that.Take my advice - buy 3 pints of beer, it'll be better value.In light of comments and my sense of fair play I thought I'd edit my review after giving this another chance. I spent a couple more hours and actually It's worse than  my previous thoughts. That said read Distantflight's review which is fairer and kinder than the game deserves.An example: After a dozen or so resets both to overcome the random spawning of drones with sub-optimal loadouts and to see if it was possible to get an ""interface"" in the loadout (it wasn't) in order to use all the terminals that proliferate on ships that you visit. More resets when I didn't survive more than 2 ship vists because the game is hard for an old bloke with a job who has a life but enjoys a bit of recreational (look it up) gaming. Anyhow, I thought I'd cracked it - back on first boarding, should be easy. I new there was a red splodge in a room and I set myself up to retreat through two doors and trap my adversary in a room. It should have worked, a straight line so the counter intuitive arrow controls don't confuse me door close command typed in only waiting for a single keystroke. Drone retreats indistinct enemy follows - brilliant, what a game - just about to exit door 2 and press enter... red streak across intervening space, instant kill. There's such a paucity of resources, salvage and spare drones as well as modules that a player can't absorb the casualties or the repair bill and move on. >Duskers_ Explore . Repeatedly Reset . Stop Playing ."
76561198107088213,Not Recommended,254320,23322986,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,batwimp,"An altogether impossible game, for the most part. I can understand there is a challenge with these types of games, but come on. If you start without certain equipment, you\'re basically screwed. If you run into too many ship with baddies in the beginning, you\'re screwed. If you run out of fuel because none of the ships you search has any, you\'re screwed. There seems to be just the slimmest combination of equipment, ships, drops, and baddies that will allow you to survive the game longer than a half hour or so. I wish I could have figured this out two hours ago so I could get a refund."
76561198052973516,Recommended,254320,32875081,Posted: 27 June,all,Tod2133,Great game. I love it.
,Not Recommended,254320,23437863,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,cibyr,"Kinda like FTL but tense, tedious, and without any fun. A (wonky) command-line interface that simultaneously requires you to hold arrow keys for (real-time) movement was a terrible idea in the 90s and remains a terrible idea today."
76561198133056088,Recommended,254320,17633117,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,BananaCanyon,10/10
,Not Recommended,254320,25095285,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ToaN,"THE GOODFantastic interface, control/gameplay, atmosphere. Frustrating design: cannot bring myself to keep playing.Interface & Control - Typing to quickly get drones to perform their actions, setting aliases to combine commands. Fantastic and refreshing gameplay. Could easily do this for hours.Atmosphere. - The sound of the droids in 1st PoV and it cutting away when you swith to ship view is fantastic. Many small details to the sound made when moving or colliding give an amazing feel.THE BADDesign, however, is frustrating. On the minor side is that scrap (required to upgrade andkeep your parts working) is on the low side. This is workable if your skilled and careful, at least in the early game and feeds into the atmosphere. Some will prefer this style, others won't.On the major side is when that idea is taken to far: the main view, which is critical to being able to do almost anything, degrades with your ship. Unlike droids which as they degrade you can repair (contributing to the fantastic atmosphere of trying to keep everything together) the video feed cannot be repaired and you must abandon the entire ship. Repeatedly. It works counter to the atmosphere of the game and breaks immersion all in the name of forcing players to utilize a mechanic.OVERALLVery interesting idea, hampered by a few questionable decisions that completely ruin the fun and atmosphere.If you get it for free, give it a whirl to experience some unique mechanics, but I wouldn't pay money for it."
76561198018468753,Not Recommended,254320,32141435,Posted: 2 June,all,uhhblak,"Im thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that there is no ending, self respective of the time ive spent playing it."
76561198292631324,Recommended,254320,29198430,Posted: 11 January,all,76561198292631324,"Faults:- weak, if any considerable narrative- monothonous- gamebreaking bugs- grossly overpriced [20€], worth 10€Apart from that,Duskersis a minimalist in design and narrative, immersive core science-fiction, difficult and unique rougelike tactical play with a puzzlegame heart. The user interface is somewhat complicated with a DOS-style console to enter commands, definitely requiring precision, but fun if you know how to handle it. Fortunately, it is graspable.What you do inDuskersis you loot derelict spaceships in a mysteriously devastated, extinct post-apocalyptic world. The narrative regards solving the question of what has led to this state, with the protagonist just awoken from a cryosleep. Since the derelicts hold danger, next to lore and precious scrap, drones are used to penetrate them.All in all, a good release with exceptional potential, delivered simplified, sometimes recklessly. 7/10 wHATs grade. Could be so much more only with adding to the narrative, but the entire production neither seems particularly rushed nor lacking anything special. It is just slightly missed, as if a blurry image, but still recommendable to fans of science-fiction themes and those demanding tactical challenges."
,Not Recommended,254320,33288075,Posted: 5 July,all,SunChaser,Gameplay is great but without any save system the game is too unforgiving. Rage quit
,Recommended,254320,24816910,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Clintikal,"Bum Twitchy fun.Very immersive, and small download.Wrote an alias ingame, and can rename robots rude names.10/10 would recommend."
76561197962692602,Not Recommended,254320,26032709,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,BaronVonChickenpants,While the aesthetic choices in this game all tie together into a great presentation the game itself is pretty dull.
76561198029084197,Not Recommended,254320,30290047,Posted: 2 March,all,glevesque1,"thia is very flakey game.  I won't give you jump fuel when you find it. Then, you explore every ship in the area and you don't have the ability to continue, so you have to ""RESET"" the game, which is just restarting from scratch.This happens almost every attempt, so you can't ever get out of the starting system!!!!It's just too frustrating to play.Don't waste your money, unless you LIKE not being able to be successful , EVER!!!!"
,Not Recommended,254320,26713105,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jarcionek,"I am a software developer, which is the main reason I decided to buy this game, however the commands available in game and the actual programming is almost non existent:there are some simple commands such as ""go"", ""scan"", ""grab"" etc. - things that you would normally do with a single click in RTS gamesthere is a possibility to create functions, which accept parameters - this is nicethere are no in-game commands to read the state of the map - when I do scan, it highlights the rooms with different colours, but no way to retrieve this information using a commandthere are no arrays, loops, if-statements, variables... this game has nothing to do with programming. You could actually take any RTS, replace selecting the unit using left mouse button with typing ""select XXX"" and you would get Duskers in result...becomes highly repetitive and boring after 2 hoursWhat I would like to see in this game? A possibility to write a complex script, that once executed would allow to finish every map, without any further interactions."
76561198027155317,Not Recommended,254320,17669710,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,gpauley,"There's rogue like and then there's just silly.  Unfortunately this game falls in the later category.  At first I figured I just had a steep learning curve to get through.  But on my 5th or 6th game, when all of my robots were simultaneously disabled by sudden and unwarned radiation flooding, I realized that there simply were NO good choices that could be made.  Hard games are OK.  Impossible games are just a waste of time."
76561198122754723,Not Recommended,254320,23077612,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ngttq,"This game is ridiculous. When you are on a mission, you HAVE TO complete it, otherwise if you quit, you not only lose all the progresses on that mission but also, ridiculously, CANNOT return to the mission as the game says that you have already explored the ship and can't reexpolore it... How does that even make sense? Why on earth can't I return to the ship on which I have already landed? Fix this problem or give explanation to it or I won't touch this game any more.By the way, if you hate permadeath, don't buy this game; it doesn't have save and reload options to rewind any mistakes you make unless you restart from the very beginning."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,254320,31445909,Posted: 29 April,all,Penitenziagite,Different from what I ecpected. Primitive CLI Control game... Feels like IT in the 80's.
76561198096318404,Not Recommended,254320,28918759,Posted: 1 January,all,Kvaz,Typing.Programing.Not my thing baby.
76561198026456885,Recommended,254320,30415661,Posted: 9 March,all,sdmaturin,"Procedural dungeon crawl with robots through derelict ships. Very engaging and tense. Doesn't seem to have an ending, though."
,Recommended,254320,30423081,Posted: 10 March,all,Hayesmaker,Playing games and typing commands into console.. two of my favourite activities combined into one awesome game!
,Recommended,254320,30473388,Posted: 12 March,all,[AZRM]Spankmeyer,"If Alien: Isolation had you wishing you were able to do more with the title's 80's low-tech mainframe terminals, this is definitely worth checking out."
76561197967862892,Recommended,254320,29278509,Posted: 15 January,all,RTKGuy,"The short of it: an innovative game with great puzzle-solving features, but with one major issue that brings it down a bit.The long of it: Duskers is a game right up my alley - a sci-fi horror environment where you're a lone human on a starship forced to loot derelict starships to survive in an universe that has seemingly gone dead... though not entirely, as the derelicts have ""occupants"" of sorts. The drones you use become your companions and your lifeline, and the game's rogue-like nature means that you never know what to expect, forcing you to problem-solve and change strategies on the fly. Honestly, I really enjoyed the core gameplay, even through the frustrating moments when luck conspires against you and your hard work comes crashing down. Even though the game uses a typing interface for most of the drones' commands, it's done pretty well and with plenty of helpful information.But there's a serious con, at least for me, and yes there's ***SPOILERS*** here.The game states that your objectives are to survive, uncover the mystery of humanity's downfall, and see if there are survivors out there. It actually LIES about the last two objectives. You have a bunch of text logs that get uncovered as you explore various ships in various ways, expousing theories on what happened. But I began to get suspicious about where things were going after ""solving"" one theory that went nowhere, so I went a-Interneting. Turns out, there's no true answers, no final confrontations, no hidden sanctuary. The game really is only a ""survive until you can't"" kind of game, and that is a MAJOR letdown to me. The best rogue-like games I've played, like FTL or The Binding of Issac, had end-games, conclusions. You felt like all your failures, all your frustrations, were heading to something. Here, there's just endless ruin. I intially played through the frustrations because I thought the game had something at the end to offer. If it had been advertised as just a survival game, if it hadn't pretended to be more than that, I might not be as disappointed. I stopped playing as soon as I found out the truth, and that definitely knocks that game down a few pegs. ***END SPOILERS***Verdict: I'm still recommending it despite my disappointment, because I did enjoy the hours I spent playing. The gameplay is novel and addicting, and pretty polished at this stage. But I will say that A) if you buy it, know that it's a game of endless survival and nothing else, and B) you might want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,254320,18032539,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Wayyu,>a1>navigate 2 r2; generator>open all>a2>a3Would definitely like to see all my drones got sucked into space again.
,Recommended,254320,18007846,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,R79,Great Sci fi with that extra touch of a command line and some sort of spooky elements.
76561198019649412,Recommended,254320,17915143,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Brennak,Love this game. Don't let the lo-fi visuals keep you from this game I have more hours into this game than any other in my library and I have only had it for a little over a week!
,Recommended,254320,17936808,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Taihou,"As I finished the first system without a scratch and a spare drone in my cargo bay, i jumped to the closer system and have a swarm waiting for me in the room next door. Luckily, I at least collected the fuel and made it out. and found Age 400+ derelicts surrounding me with all kinds of infestation possible.Reset into a new game with 100-200 age derelicts all around.GG."
,Recommended,254320,17929964,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Blue Wing Raven,"It is a powerful survivalistic game. Your drones are your lifeline. If you lose a drone, you lose a drone; there is no retry, everything is permanent.One thing though: I wish you could view probes like you can drones."
76561198070722121,Recommended,254320,30532858,Posted: 15 March,all,insanityscribe,Made me scream in the middle of the English building when an alien headbutted my favorite drone
,Recommended,254320,17763731,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Fuzzy Wolfy,"Duskers is a rogue-like, real-time strategy game based around a survival aspect where the player is expected to scavenge, build, upgrade, and maintain his or her team of drones whilst exploring the deep and recently emptied recesses of space. Dangers are plentiful, and often times lurking within your blindspots, waiting for you to make a mistake or become just a little too comfortable with your surroundings. Only by piecing together fragmented and corrupted logs from derelict ships can one find out what exactly happened and why you seem to be the sole survivor of an undefined disaster.Is the game fun? At its core, yes. It successfully assumes the role of a rogue-like by making each playthrough somewhat different than the last with randomized loot and map, but not all the ships are randomly generated. If you're a fan of rogue-likes and find the notion of a slowly developing story to be a good reward for your efforts, this game is exactly that, and development for it is still on-going which is promising.However, I strongly urge people who're unsure about the game to look up Youtube Let's Plays before purchasing it. It is extremely unforgiving, and sometimes even outright cruel with random, unjustified punishment - and for C$ 20, this is a big factor to keep in mind."
,Recommended,254320,17708517,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,BertMan,[insert early access warning]A very enjoyable game that has a ton of potential and unlimited replayability (think FTL).  I am only a few hours into the game but it is quickly becoming one of my favorites.  I even started making a few VoiceAttack commands to make controlling your droids a little more immersive.  The command line interface is really great and I hope down the line there will be a way to make your own custom commands and a way to program responses into your droids when they enter a room.10/10 would get sucked out of airlock again
,Recommended,254320,17654955,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,⇒ ӉУƿ⋂ΩṬエCƘ ⇐,"This is an absolutely beautiful game with great potential. I can really see this getting out of Early Access quickly, as it seems like adding content wouldn't be too difficult for this game. Can't wait for the story to get more fleshed out, and hopefull we'll be able to find survivors! I'f really like that, as some logs suggested that some survivors exist."
76561198041733914,Recommended,254320,17656061,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Not-A-Spy,
76561197977845573,Recommended,254320,27749351,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tomyris,"It doesn't look like it from screenshots, but this is an incredibly tense survival horror game, crafted with a hard sci-fi edge reminiscent of Alien (and on the game side, Alien: Isolation). There's a fair bit of puzzle solving too, which will be quite comfortable if you've played games from Zachtonics Industries (SpaceChem, TIS-100)."
76561198066229144,Recommended,254320,27565774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lovemuffin,"This seems like a simple and plain game but once you go in to it, there is no way to simply back out. You have to see if you'll find enough scrap or if you have enough fuel to make it to the next system. Each creak and moan of the ships cause you to worry more and more. A game that will always entertain."
,Recommended,254320,27772191,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jimtahu,"An excellent game, good combination of sneak, strategy, and heart stopping surprise."
76561198071720482,Recommended,254320,27532951,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pyr0kid,"duskers is one of those games you dont play much and your not sure why, its a great game dont get me wrong, there just something about it that leads to you not picking it up much. if you schools should use this for testing smarts. just go watch some youtube on it, its great."
,Recommended,254320,27262057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emblis,Great concept and execution.
76561197996194855,Recommended,254320,27334287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KorosPT,"An amazing original game! Incredible atmosphere and the story, while sparse, is interesting enough to make you want to keep playing. Definitely worth a try. Especially if you ever wanted to know how it would feel to be a admin on a space ship."
76561197960552606,Recommended,254320,27171771,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fletch,"Fun game, needs some polishing but very playable as is.  I do not believe the developers are active with the game any longer.  End-game and story-line is meh -- but does progressively increase in difficulty.  Recommend purchasing!"
76561197998996698,Recommended,254320,26841300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ECO | Monkibusiness,Best scary non scary game
,Recommended,254320,26868454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PESSIMISTIC BASECANNON,I highly recommend that you try this game out. Its one of the best games I've played all year.
,Recommended,254320,27017553,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Texadian,"A very tense survival horror-esc game based on a command prompt.You send drones onto empty space ships in search of supplies, fuel and more drones. You only connection to them is through a terminal and through the commands you type in.As♥♥♥♥♥♥starts hitting the fan when you discover you are not alone on some of the ships, you typing gets worse as you race to save your drones."
76561198097877489,Recommended,254320,27591563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,StarkLXXVII,"I'm not a scripts fan or much of a coding nerd, but this game has taught me new things about the coding/ scripts scene, if only a minor amount. I don't know why I started with that part, but there it is. My main point is that I really enjoy the playstyle of this game and the thrill and sometimes sorrow it can bring. You scan a room: Thrills if something comes up. You go into a room that showed empty: Slime. Sorrow over your lost battle bot named Dirty Harry.TL;DR: Good game. Part strategy, part thriller, part FML I BOTCHED A COMMAND AND ALL HELL IS BREAKING LOOSE. Has a lonely sole survivor ""my bots are my friends"" feel to it but enjoyable nonetheless. Just adds to the charm, really.10/10 would irradiate again."
,Recommended,254320,27613853,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dirigible Tomato,It's better than it looks
76561198007422539,Recommended,254320,25031344,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,FromHell2k,"This game is mindblowing. While looking pretty simple, it will force tension on you. It's creepy atmossphere, the stress of malfuncioning modules and the run for supplies is intense a.f. If you like a mixture of stress and enjoyment, that is the game for you."
,Recommended,254320,25033050,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Krazy Bomb,"So. I tried this game despite some of the negative reviews and I think you should give it a shot if you have the money for it and you want a unique experience, and definitely try it if you like Aliens and Lo-Fi Sci-FiLike Most rogue-lites its rather punishing and you should be very careful when investigating roomsThe story is very slowly revealed through exploring new ships and getting upgrades to scan rooms, capture specimins and access space bases and quarentined areas.The ability to make shortcuts for commands is really handy and helps when  you need to type in a 3 word command in about half a second. Be warned that some of the hazards such as radiation leaks and the monsters suddenly deciding to break down a door into a safe room can easily screw you over. 21 hours in, I still have not completeed the story, but I'm getting much closer, as the story progress is culmulative. I'm not sure if there is an ""end game"" yet but the story continues to unfold.Pros:Good atmosphereSolid controlsInteresting if convoluted storyChallengingFun way to increase typing speedCommand line interface and keyboard only controls add greatly to atmosphereExtremely adjustable difficulty for those having a tough timeFantastic help menu and help funcitonCons:Some hazards are a bit unfair (but you can turn individual hazards off and have a lot of difficulty options which is good)If you quit a mission partway through, then you go back to the part just before then, but you now can no longer access the ship (I understand why this is a feature, so you can't prepare ahead of time, but why not just generate a new ship instead?)Seems excessively punishing if you lose your drone with tow and you don't have any scrap left.Even with the excessively punishing gameplay at times, it can be avoided by playing carefully.Think ahead before you do things, have the commands to close the door ready when you enter a room, and don't worry about getting ALL of the scrap. getting a drone and 3 pieces of scrap is more than enough.At the very least, if you like rogue-lites and Lo-fi Sci-fi then you should try this game."
76561198008466385,Recommended,254320,25027561,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TV's Russ,"What an absolutely pheomenal game.  This is a game that I have a hard time pulling myself away from.  It is absolutely brutal in it's absolute simplicity.  A well crafted blend of understanding when you can take your time, or race against impending failure.  I thoroughly love the concept of puting my mouse down and simply using my keyboard.  Lean back, relax, and type away.  However there is a catch.  A glaring one at that.  Once your Drones start getting attacked, it's a race to figure out how and why...and to juggle in your mind is it best to manually navigate them?  Or is it best to tell them to navigate 1 r3?The brutal part in the simplicity of the game is that it does not warn you about your actions.  It warns you to enviromental happenings, but it doesn't ask you if you are sure you want to do a specific action.For example: on one starbase I was trying to rescue my drones from a room with Airlock 3.  My ship was at Airlock 1 so the very simple command would be: Dock A3.  Well in my mind I typed it coorectly, but somehow when I reviewed the aftermath I had typed: Dock; A3.  I sat their stunned as what I had in advertently done was have a brief explanation of how to use the dock command, and airlock 3 opened.  Poof, there went my 1 and 3 drones into the emptiness of space.  No rescue.  No spares to make up for it.  Just gone.  I was crushed.  Reset, and go again.This game is such a marvelous treat.  I have gone from extreme highs, to the depths of low in a matter of one derelict.  It is absolutely and entirely amazing and I would be doing this game an injustice if I gave it less than a 9.5 out of 10.  It should be a 10, however my bumbling fingers in the middle of a crisis wants me to blame the game, so here I am...displacing my anger and my own ineptitude of quick thinking and typing on this fantastic game!"
,Recommended,254320,24983792,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Gryphacus,"Immensely satisfying strategic experience; a fusion of unique interface with horror and roguelike elements in a bleak, hollow world. It evokes a real sense of dread and determination.Duskers is one of those games that makes me lose all sense of time.I can only say I wish there were a bit more obvious progression."
76561197997233754,Recommended,254320,18415781,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,INQUISITOR - ITA -,"Difficult and addicting, that's for surePros:-fantastic atmosphere-nice looking and effective graphic-good sounds (even without music)-immersive-original idea-reminds me of the first alien films, which is GOOD-did I talk about the great atmosphere?Cons:-it still hasn't a lot of contents (but it's an early access after all)-a bit repetitive for now-I don't know if the rooms are procedurally generated, but it doesn't seem so (maybe I'm wrong)It can still improve of course, but, for what I know, it will be a very nice game once completed.8/10 like Skyrim but with drones"
,Recommended,254320,24981974,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,S. Gordon,"I could call Duskers a top down version of 'IRON HELIX' (from 1993) by spectrum Holobyte.Pros:- If you like puzzles, Duskers is worth every penny you pay for it, just like Iron Helix was.- Easy to learn, hard to master- If you feel like you're the 'reset' button is your best friend, you are playing the game wrong; reread the manual, think out of the box and try it again.- Typing skills and a love of retro graphics is desirable, but not a must.- If you can't type use the aliases, they are not just for show.Cons: NoneThis game is a Corker!"
,Recommended,254320,25015348,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Linx2131,"This game is the bees-knees, the cat-meow, the chickens-ankles!!! Using exclusively the keyboard as a controller, I've never played any game like it. The immersion is flawless to me; I dont feel like I'm playing a game, it feels exactly like I'm operating these drones to do my bidding so I can continue adventuing through space searching for the best ship, the best mods, and the truth behind the plot. The monsters aboard any infested derelict ship force me to play tactically, and thus involves a great deal of strategy (except when you get unlucky RNG). There are only a few different kinds of monsters I've found, but each type uniquely synergizes with one another, so pairing any two types of monsters on one level drastically changes and/or narrows the types of tactics you can execute and enforce. The variety in upgrades, or mods, offer a playstyle unique/exclusive for each individual mod. The scarcity of mods avaiable forces you to adapt with what you have, and evolved based on what you find. I love the RNG because if mixes things up with such subtleness that you'll never play the same level twice, but every level is familiar. The only complaint I have about this game is one specific mob, the swarm, and through that, the broken difficulty curve. The only way to deal with this mob is to avoid confrontation entirely and blowing it out an airlock or interfacing a ships defences against it. These buggers will shred you to pieces the moment they notice a drone, even if it's stealthed. With any other mob, you can generally kite them to where you want them to go with stealth: the swarm is the exception because they're fast, and no matter your greatest effort you'll be hard pressed to escape a room and close the door behind you, leaving certain doom safely behind. You'll be able to hear them somewhat in an adjacent room (all mobs have a unique sound que when moving about a room), and this is the only warning you'll ever have before opening a door or validating their pressence with a motion tracker or sensor. Should you brave a confrontation, your only hope of besting them is to gun them down with a turret, forcing you to activate the turret itsself twice. This leads me to inform the reader about my first playthrough- I first began easily enough, and as I advanced the difficulty increased rather naturally. After my first wipe and reset, I noticed the difficulty never reset, so I started with less to work with through the ever scaling difficulty. It got to a point where when I reset again, I literally crossed my fingers that I'd begin with a stealth module or a turret, and if I got neither I would quite literally wipe if I ever had to face these swarms, which at this point in difficulty was every other level (ship/base/etc), and these two modules are perhaps the best, if only way to deal with the swarms manually. I learned on my own that I could reset all local data, and when starting again I found I was back to the beginning, and I was able to keep pace once again with the difficulty scale, making for a far more fair experience. Basically what I'm saying is, the only problem I find in the game is that if you ever reset, you'll have to play even safer, and have to rely on RNG to get the things you NEED to continue venturing and having successful missions. Let me express this feeling through RPG terms. Lets say you start level 1, grind to 20, and die to a boss. If this RPG played in difficulty the same way, you'd start again, level 20, with the same gear as at level 1, and have to face the same boss in the same level 20 area with worse gear than you had before. Should you miraculously attain this feat, you're still 20 levels behind for the rest of the game unless you pick up an item that gives you those missing 20 levels worth of stats. Does this make sense? If so, is it fair that I feel frustrated that unless I have a perfect game, I'm doomed to get shafted by swarms when I have to reset? This can easily be fixed by just setting a base difficulty for the first system after reset, then every level after that system can start gaining difficulty, instead of confiscating all defences then dropping you in the projects. (Essentially like a training ground to allow you to gear up before taking on the universe, instead of jacking your clothes and deporting you to Greenland.) This complaint itsself is probly the only argument I have to say this game is mean, because it's a miniscule issue and the only issue at hand, therefore no one (in my opinion) has any right to call this game bad. Despite this game playing slower than any game I've ever played, it's tense! I found myself holding my breath on a few occassions, knowing the decision I was to make next left everything I'd achieved on the line to try and find success in exploring this one pivitol room. Does this room have baddies? Motion scans are inconclusive. Can I redirect any potential baddies to another room? Impossible, I'd need remote power. Time to hope and pray its not a swarm, because if it is, not just my gatherer is dead, so is my generator drone and there's likely zero chance I'll be able to tow either of them, let alone grab their modules. If this face-check shows me anything other than success, Im down a generator, gather, and at least one other superior module, which takes away the biggest advantage I have on any given level. Even though the graphics are probly considered sub-standard, I feel like this left my imagination to fill in whatever blanks existed, and this is probly what I love most about this game, and why it can get so tense. I almost poo'd myself by mistaking harmless scrap for one of those mobs that jumps on your face and rips out your spine Predator style. Audio ques have made my heart sink faster than seeing a cop in the rear view. I think League of Legends would kick me to the dog house if it ever found out the relationship I'm growing with Duskers, and I think it's worth it, because to me Duskers is certainly one of the best games I've played since the SNES went out of style. Let that sink in for a second. After hearing about this game in a video on youtube, I threw my money at Steam to give it to me, and to be honest this game is the only reason I use Steam. This reviewing is more for the team at Misfits Attic, but I figured they'd probly be more likely see it here. Thank you for all for the hard work put into making this game, and quietly taking the throne of my love over all other hum-drum games being released. I absolutely love this game! I love the rogue elements, I love the 'left-to-the-imagination' type of graphics and I love how I feel like this is the first game of its kind I've ever played, and I already know in my heart of hearts there will never again be a game like Duskers."
76561198021222711,Recommended,254320,25045182,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,roots,This game is amazing. So tense. So strategic. 10/10.
76561198144741016,Recommended,254320,30511325,Posted: 14 March,all,robmcq197,"Not Bad... I dont like how ever tool U get to use breaks almost immediately. I do like the game and littel surprises you find along the way, air lock seal starts to fail, asteroid impact imminent. these are cool things! Id like to see more scrap and less ware on equipment."
,Recommended,254320,17952256,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Quickdraw Kid,10/10
76561198080961167,Recommended,254320,18103031,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,nnabber,"Great innovative game but: game progression is a matter of luck or bad luck in my case. Flooding, undetected enemies and I already got killed all my drones several times. My drones had no defense yet because I just had no time to harvest any skills and perks yet!!When commandeering a new ship by accident( clicked commandeer in stead of cancel) there was no way to apply ship upgrades ( a bug I guess) which made remote powering impossible. So I had to start all over again. (I just save my complete Dusker folder in My Documents regularly to a save folder and overwrite the My Dociuments folder)I played the 0.26 future update to which is a lot better balanced, but it does not let me save the game progression :-("
,Recommended,254320,30490724,Posted: 13 March,all,RogoRogo,"DISKLIKE:BACTERIA, in EVERY later ship.This ruined the ""vibe"" of forensically researching what the h.. has happened in the universe.As an occasional twitch element, that shakes things up with a sense of urgency, bacteria would have been ok.But making it a constant-rush-game (while ""console programming"") totally breaks the underlying design narrative.What a shame because the devs had achieved to get so much atmosphere out of the game.Still a thumbs up, but it is now broken for me."
76561198260489145,Recommended,254320,30645193,Posted: 20 March,all,Feathers The Ruthless,"Duskers is a very unique horror title. Taking away all the fancy music, and visual effects, Duskers leaves you with some of the most unerving audio and visuals to date. Durring my short run of the game to try it out, I quickly learned that you can not always trust your equipment, or the equipment on board the ships you are scavenging. I can easily say that Duskers is one of the best horror titles I have ever experiences, and would recomend it to even the most hard core horror fans."
76561198030069024,Recommended,254320,23476355,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DeadlyPrivate,"Dusker is...special. In that it will surprise you in how much tension and scares you can get from a simple display, a console command input and a simple sound design.You are a what I call a Drone Ethusianist. You collect drones, go through ship after ship finding clues and collecting fuel to survive. After a couple of days of leading infestations (monsters) into rooms and either keeping them there or destroying them with turrets, I felt unstoppable and that the game was kinda easy.Then one of my motion detectors went out.Okay, no problem. I will use the other one-That one went out as well. Motion detectors detect movement (with some accurarcy) and is basically the east and most useful tool to have when exploring derlict ships.So...I went looking for one, using probes and various methods to combat it.Then, without warning...a defense turret attacked my drones. One by one, they all fell, with nothing but one drone that I have towed in earlier surviving. All the junk gone as well as my upgrades, I am forced to make or break with one droid and one tool: Generator.The ship was a military ship. Plenty of turrets, one droid...no tow tool. But it had lures. They lure enemies into the room, but do not say whether it is succesful or not. I decide to commander the ship, as it has not only the drone but plenty of scrap.Then, a droid infection comes in, forcing me to run all over the ship, closing door after door behind me in a vain attempt to prevent it from destroying me. Then, I saw it...a empty room, with one airlock present. I took a chance...I docked in that room, lured it, then moved in and pushed it further and further back into that room. It fell for the lure, I raced in and closed the door behind it and spaced it to hell.The ship was mine, the droid was mine. I felt so relieved and surprised at how good of a comeback I made already...I then died because I did not fully allow those charger infections to go into an airlock room.The game is one of those that when you screw up, you feel like it is YOUR fault. Why didn't you pick up the droid upgrades before you spaced the room? Why did you rush into that or take too long? Trust me when I say this: This game rewards being bold but cunning.Would I recommend this game: YESThis game doesn't create jumpscares, but creates moments of regret, worry and joy that overshadow the idea of a 'horror' game. It is a puzzle game that is sci-fi and eldritch horror in nature. You will name your droids what you want, then be horrified at ever leaving them behind...but you must, because you MUST think of the others.Suggestion to Devs:making a better method of finding out what tools/upgrades mean what as well as how to repair items that are either broken or close to breaking would be fantastic."
,Recommended,254320,23480720,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,linxxx3,先占坑，策略性很高，有空再写。
76561198089828073,Recommended,254320,23478704,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,samtheegreat,"I can't believe how long I sunk into this game.  Compelling, fun, and easy to start, but hard to master.  Coding Alias files is getting to be an obsession, but I'm sure all the regex people out there will find this to be half the fun!Nice atmosphere, and entertaining space exploration/survival/problem solving game."
,Recommended,254320,24150857,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,S̵cy̡l͡ax̶,"I love this game.But what I don't like are swarms. You know, those indestructible bugs that attack everything you know and love with their very existance? Yeah, and the only ways to kill them are to flush them out airlocks (partially recommended) and activating ship defenses (heavily recommended)?About the ship defenses part. My first spawn and playthrough consisted of me using the interface option whenever I had the chance.And for whatever reason, after my first inevitable reset at the hands of the swarms on a derelict, I have yet to run into another interface module.At all.Is my game bugged? I don't understand. I see interfaces all over ships, casually stroll by ship defenses, and yet, in nearly 10 hours of play, have no run into another module....Yeah, sure, I've been managing without them. I have an awesome teleport/generator combo with two of my drones right now, but...Can I just have the interface? Just for the swarms. ANYTHING to fight the swarms. ANYTHING.PLEASE."
76561197960572624,Recommended,254320,24126767,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Stilgar00,"A sweet mix of horror, tension, and strategy. Punishment for mistakes can be swift and brutal. Recovering from these mistakes will give you the best success high. Or you may just be lucky enough to limp home, or retreat in full having been taught a lesson. This rogue-like is an up hill battle but I never felt like it was impossible. High challenge and high reward.The story is told through a random disjointed set of notes and emails feeding you bits of information. The game objectives are outlined as recommended things to do that will help you investigate what caused every ship and colony you investigate to be void of human life.Everthing is run through an interface that reminds me of Aliens. The command prompt, and user interface would not be out of place in that movie. The audio queues from the interface, and the on board mics on the drones go a long way in making you feel like this is an authentic experience."
,Recommended,254320,24444777,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,[ЯтR] The-Killer,"Quaint spawn of the amazingness of FTL and SpaceQuest. I can play this for hours on end or 20-30 minutes at a time. Its a great relaxing game. Can definitely be frustrating at times if you lose all your stuff to a swarm, but hey what is a game if not a challenge!"
,Recommended,254320,24473665,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vyaeso Silver,awesome game
,Recommended,254320,24473976,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"What can I say about this game. Well for starters, this is a game where the entire thing looks like its from an old DOS operating system. The style of this game is what drew me to it, because I love retro style games, and this is one of the first that looks like its from an early dos computer, where there is no advanced graphical content (well not much graphical content at least). Your job is to sit in front of a computer, controlling drones with dos command prompt style commands to move the drones, use upgrades, interface with computers, etc, to find salvage, more drones, and most of all, fuel. The game is simple, you lose your drones, you lose. enemies come in a small variety, about 4 or 5 types, and you have to use door commands, motion detectors, stealth, and so on to try and either lure enemies to kill them, get them out of the way, or trow them out of an airlock (warning, you can get sucked out too, as well as any salvage, broken/disabled drones). I can say that this game will appeal to anyone who loves old dos command prompt controlled games, as well as anyone who loves games like FTL, who want something a bit harder and more simplistic at the same time."
76561198119403562,Recommended,254320,24452773,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kbob,"Realy good can stop thinking about it all the time.  If you go in wanting to do well and master a game, it will make you jump when somthing doesent go acording to plain. you will panic you will curse and feel sad for your lost robots. Best game i have played in a long time!"
76561198022949585,Recommended,254320,24362385,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Trolnator,"In space no'one can hear you scream.Sadly, that is not the case in my house.Now my parents think I need professional help.10/10 would scream again."
76561198025080452,Recommended,254320,23381626,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,zbmtwo,"Brilliant design, excellent production values, aweseome mechanics. Unique - love it!"
,Recommended,254320,23415846,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,redunzl_gw,"Great concept, love the look and ""retro"" UI. You are a salvage ship operator, looting derelict ships using drones and a keyboard-only, command-line interface to control them. You can give them orders to follow or pilot any one drone directly via a top-down view with limited visibility. All commands can be issued from either view during a salvage operation. The general idea is to see how long you can survive.There is plenty to do in this is game, but it is relentlessly unforgiving. Expect to get hammered by the RNG a [i[lot[/i] -- sometimes you just plain have bad luck. Making progress is slow and ""grindy"", even with difficulty options (nice touch!) tweaked toward ""easy"".  The cost of upgrades, repairs, and/or equipment is high. Often, when you do seem to be making decent progress, a random hazard (of which there are many types) just crushes you so far back into the weeds you might as well have been killed (yes, it's permadeath if you do).Each derelict can only be visted once. Since each derelict is procedurally generated, its difficulty can vary widely. The game does give you some information (size of the ship, number of different types of enemies, etc.) that helps in general to gauge its difficulty, but sometimes it's best to just grab what you can and run, as the game wisely advises you.It's also possible to get stuck while salvaging a ship, not dead but unable to do anything.  In such situations, you can quit and restart at the point before you stared exploring the current ship, but you cannot explore that same ship again.This game has a ""puzzle"" aspect to it as well. It requires a lot of thought and careful planning, and the ability to react quickly and decisively when things go pear-shaped. The game does let you pause to think, but you can't see anything useful while paused.I expect to be playing this quite a bit. There's a lot to do in the game and it's clearly going to take a while to discover all of it."
76561198063521933,Recommended,254320,23502809,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Yarrula,"This game has a steep learning curve, and is unforgiving in its difficulty, like most other roguelikes.  However, the learning is in what to do, not how to do it.  The command line typing to move your drones around is surprisingly straightforward.  The commands auto-populate after you type the first few letters, which is a nice touch, and saves you from having to type out ""navigate"" over and over again.  In the heat of battle, typos can kill, so learning those shortcuts is crucial.As you progress through the game, you come across snippets of story that explain the universe and reveal the mysteries that you're trying to solve.  As it is a roguelike, you will commenly die or find yourself in a position where you can't make any more progress and have to reset the game.  The story pieces carry forward from game to game, which means that you're always making progress, even when the monsters leap out of the spaceship and devour your whole crew.  The satisfaction of completing a particularly difficult objective even after all your drones have been killed by radiation really puts a smile on your face.As with all roguelikes, it is heavily luck based.  Some games are shorter than others as you simply don't find the tools you need to progress.  It's a minor concern.  Resets are simple and your objectives are always saved.  I've never played anything quite like Duskers, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,254320,25051517,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Red,"You are the last survivor of... something. All of humanity is gone, ships drifting like dead husks in the void, and you can't even find any bodies. But you did find something. Something curious, and hungry.  Now you have to decide what risks you will take to get answers. All you have at your disposal are an aging ship and a few salvage drones. Drones that answer to command-line control. Whatever waits for you has no such limitations.Duskers is in many ways difficult to classify.  It has roguelike elements that constantly remind me of a survival horror-themed take on FTL: Faster Than Light, with gameplay that unfolds more like a somewhat tense puzzle game.  The interface feels at once completely new to this generation of games while immediately being easy and even intuitive. It's an easy game to get into and deceptively enthralling for it's seemingly limited visual presentation, which is entirely reminiscent of Ridley Scott's ""Alien"" (1979).Unfortunately, as easy as it is to get into Duskers, and as enticing as it is, the game just isn't very deep.  Once you have a handle on how to approach the challenges presented, it turns into just a logic/puzzle game. You will systematically clear rooms, entering only when you know it's safe. It won't be long before the player recognizes that taking a chance on an Unknown is almost never worth it, and so no risks will be taken. It very quickly becomes a very safe game, barring those tense moments that something goes wrong. Sadly, where expansive ship and drone upgrades could have extended the game's life, there just aren't very many to be had. Worse still, some are nearly useless or even perminantly installed on the ships you find them in, shortening the list of available options even further unless that particular ship is in good enough condition to be worth commandeering.All that said, Duskers is worth buying.  It's certainly worth playing, if only because it's a shining example of how unexpected controls and nearly entirely lacking graphics aren't necessary for a compelling experience, but if the concept of a horror puzzle roguelike doesn't appeal to you, you might want to wait for it to go on sale.  The game is fun, and as heavily as it reminds me of FTL and Alien, it still feels fresh, it's something new, and it's something the industry as a whole could definitely learn from."
76561198069985542,Recommended,254320,26500773,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,knight of the stars,"This game may be difficult at times, but is fun at the base.  The mechanics are unique and very imersive. I've actually played this for 27 hours since last week of getting this game. Can't stop!"
76561198119543148,Recommended,254320,28476556,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MagikChikin,"Amazing game, would defenetly recomend.I love that it doesnt actually tell you anything up front, you have to go find out yourself. and that you have to make up your own stratagys, not go in with a layed out plan, but over all the game needs just a little more work, good thing it's still new."
76561198215389911,Recommended,254320,28800131,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Busses,Great Game. I like the concept... a lot. its not often when you find simple games that are as addictive as this one. The constant fear of opening your next door and the satisfaction of NOT dying afterwards is great :) If you like strategy games and the fear of not knowing whats behind a door this is your game.
76561197984851121,Recommended,254320,29122803,Posted: 8 January,all,Zaltark,"This reminds me of the old games. Like EGA Trek (old old game). Its a rogue type game so some ships will be impossible to beat and you will have to start over to continue. It takes alot of strategy/though to clear out a ship and sometimes its smarter to just leave while youre ahead. I can confidently recommend this game as fun, strategic, and will make you jump when scary things happen."
76561197971583456,Recommended,254320,28962433,Posted: 2 January,all,Moonsavage,"Okay got this now. Initially this game is super hard until you figure how to adjust the settings and reset the player info so that you can build your drones up a little before facing stronger alien presences. My initial review was pretty drunkly abusive, which wasn't wholly inaccurate because the game defaults to rather difficult settings. Have a look at the vids on youtube and use options>clear user data if it gets too tough (like it did for me). Recommended if you aint drunk :)"
,Recommended,254320,24230733,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lif3line,"Very enjoyable, totaly worth it."
76561197974262920,Recommended,254320,30377460,Posted: 7 March,all,Kael,Great game. Bought it at £9 and worth every penny.
,Recommended,254320,18534005,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,VampireZIM,"Highly adictive, 37 hours in and still going!Update: Changing my recommendation due to changes that make the game annoying and stupid.  Like having the drones pull to one side, if I wanted stupid crap like this, I would use a broken joystick.Never buying early access again, the games always start with what you want and end up being something you hate by the time its finished...Update: Played again and seems like stupid crap has been removed for the most part.Returning to the game, this game is great for the long term.  Would be awesome if they made a second version!"
,Recommended,254320,30914736,Posted: 2 April,all,Zeekerss,"Duskers has an astonishingly eerie atmosphere and engaging gameplay, full of uncertainty and apprehension. You never know what exactly might happen and if you will make it out alive, but you can be almost certain that SOMETHING WILL go wrong. And you WILL have to improvise. Quickly.Duskers is designed so that if you're lucky in a mission, you never actually SEE the monsters lurking in the ship (but you KNOW they are there) which is exceptionally creepy. The way Duskers does this all so remarkably well is why it is one of the most thrilling games I've played in a long time.The only problem is that there aren't enough monsters in the game-- there should be atleast 10 more, because once you've seen all the monsters and know what they do, they're not as mysterious and scary anymore. A lack of an ending or clear objective took away a lot from the experience for me as well."
,Recommended,254320,33252460,Posted: 4 July,all,Gazer,"Love this game. Easily one of the most atmospheric games I've played in recent memory, despite how it may look at first glance.It immediately evokes memories of Aliens, when they're operating those remote turrets. It's a constant struggle for survival, more resources, deciding triage-style whether it's worth it to repair one drone's hit points or the other drones transporter, do I scrap one of my operational drones to repair the ship's camera feed, do I sell my hard-earned modules to buy more jump-cells or risk it on the next wreck.Actions have consequences, and things can turn on you in a heartbeat, but that's what I love about this game. It has a bit of that roguelike feel, with the unforgiving universe and the constant advance on entropy. There's also a number of ways to tune the difficulty in the settings, if you want, and if you want to get clever with command sequences, a well-functioning Alias system.Pro-tip: if your drone is going to die anyways, try 'destruct t1;destruct t1' to take out it's opponent. Self destruct command should take out everything in the room with it. ;)"
76561198061824645,Recommended,254320,33353606,Posted: 7 July,all,wesleto02,"If you enjoy:-Relativley fair-Perma death systems.-Ever evolving puzzle like gameplay. (thats work hard)-Being drip fed the story as you try to piece together whats going on.-Unique and tense horror situations.-Naming and getting attached to little beeping drones that will inevitably be destroyed despite your best efforts.-And finally having to deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥IN THE VENTS!Then this game is for you.(admittedly a niche game)I usually leave a short story about the moment I fell in love with a game, but the videos on the store page do a pretty good job of explaining the gameplay. I'll just say one thing, the first time you manage to launch a creature out of an airlock you will feel like one clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198015122318,Recommended,254320,33383473,Posted: 8 July,all,atlantis_maniac,Wonderfully throught through.  Wish there was a bit deeper procedure development.
76561198026394897,Recommended,254320,33470345,Posted: 11 July,all,hulaboy616,very fun
,Recommended,254320,33405965,Posted: 9 July,all,Mad Pigeon,Truly immersive game where you really experience risk versus reward. Game makes you adopt to conditions and some of limitations come in place because of your own carelessness before. You really can get very low very fast if you're not careful.The game has mystery going on that you investigate through logs and sometimes you go to certain risky ships just to have more chance of finding out why things are as bad as they are at the start of your journey.
76561198134905956,Recommended,254320,32794619,Posted: 25 June,all,Detective Dipstick,"You know, it's a good game, don't get me wrong. But besides a few strange game mechanics, and the story... As fun as the gameplay was, it doesn't justify the lack of... Also, the drones, they require too much work, it almost seems like taking care of humans would be easier. It feels almost like ""The ensign"", except without the story... I'm sorry, but I'd like to see a core story someday, which this doesn't quite have."
76561198142929470,Recommended,254320,33394230,Posted: 8 July,all,DragonsOathe,"I absolutely love this game. It has a great atmosphere to it, coupled with interesting yet intuitive controls. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,254320,33421672,Posted: 9 July,all,Helium_1s2,One of the most creative and interesting games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,254320,18425872,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Dracula19861,"fantastic game amazingly put together however its downfall tht the game can end easily due to lack fuel,lack stock fuel trade locations which then have to reset and lose all drones and skills to them but game self find it enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,254320,30499830,Posted: 13 March,all,Zealot,"This game is good, but certain elements could use polish. Still worth a buy if you've got a few bucks to spare, but my problems are as follows:The camera limits your view downwards when opening doors, so if you're unfortunate and can't peek from the side, or up - you're inherently disadvantaged.Swarms being a brutal enemy is fine, but their hitboxes regarding opening and closing doors is clunky and rather broken. Often times I've found myself trying to close a door with them clearly outside the doorway, only to have it claim to be ""blocked"" and having me get wiped out. When your timing is spot on, it's sad to watch everything crumble. It's a risky, skill based play, but they seem to interfere with doors regularly.Slimes are also a fine enemy, but I find that late game they're all I run into - and it ruins the overall feel of the game. The lack of a true endgame is a downer to me, but it's not a big deal to others - so I'd say it's subjective."
,Recommended,254320,18512607,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,valera.donchev,"This game is amazing! I am not just some fan boy, I seriously believe this game has potential. The Developer obiously cares about the game and various community suggestions. The idea is great, and is being expanded in a way that makes sense rather than trying to please everyone, but it makes sure to give freedom of choice, both in difficulty and in how you play it. The keyboard-only controls makes it a great game for laptops, and gives it an old-type feeling along with the graphics. The game makes you stay on your toes, but doesn't test your typing speed. Even the story telling is great!"
76561198071230169,Recommended,254320,18528601,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Problematic Man,"very fun game, looks very promising"
,Recommended,254320,23175801,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,South Paw,"Enjoying the game so far. only issue i have with it is the enemies are extremely fast. and when your typing to move your drones around quickly its impossible. I dont really get why they give drones varying health values since once you get hit by one of the infected things they are dead anyway. Personally, i think it would be quite a bit cooler to have slower enemies. they also allow for that ""run, run, run!"" moment, since its currently, open door, and everything dies."
76561197964704366,Recommended,254320,23176719,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Capt. Kelsey,"This game is great. I don't think I would ever put programming on a list of things I would ever enjoy doing in a video game, but the little lines of code you write to move your drones around fill me with joy. Except when they die. Oh, and how they die. Then I die."
76561197964230196,Recommended,254320,23175505,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,268 Eastbourne Terrorist,"You already know the synopsis so I'll share the things you dont know:  If you enjoy chess, you will enjoy this game.  It's a thinking game that goes well with dim lights, a cup of coffee and a mechanical keyboard.  If I smoked, I'd probably play this with an ash-tray nearby."
76561198300952492,Recommended,254320,23176868,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,akkmedk,Very tense game of survival. Do not expect to win but if you pay attention you will learn from every miserable death.
76561198009358635,Recommended,254320,23151556,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mr. Satan Butterwolf,Fascinating sci fi suspense/adventure/roguelike/geek game.  I'm loving it so far.Impatience will ruin you in this game.  It's something totally different in very good ways while at the same time being totally unforgiving to carelessness.
,Recommended,254320,23131647,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,-U-M-A- [ARES],"Buy duskers if you enjoy games that have procedural generated randomness & enjoy programming. Don't buy duskers if that sounds boring to you. Keep in mind that the pacing of duskers is rather slow. You can play for hours and still feel like there's so much more to do with little to show for your progress. Each derelict is a challenge and sometimes nothing can come about because of it. That being said, the game so far is something I would describe as quite fun."
,Recommended,254320,23117346,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,dom'tless,"Sci-fi Survival in-Space game, for true lovers of space simulations and survival tense genre games.You play as lone survivor struggling each day to find resources to sustain your ship and drones. A very simple concept combined with this unique lonely dark survival space atmosphere, tense, and immersive while you travel along the deep space searching for derelicts, life and answers.The unique and special touch of Duskers is the way you live and play this theme. You control drones through abandoned ships and derelicts scavenging what you can to survive. And you control them through line-command OS, hacking systems, tasking commands and piloting them the way you want.The chalenge is great, your decisions need to be perfect and fast... or you will not survive. The dangers in space are huge! From Ships with thousands of years that can collapse in any second, sucking your drones through the space if the wrong airlock is opened. Or something run off your precious drones in the dark firing all moving sensors toward your shutle.Immersive, panic environment, that remember old Alien themes, with simple graphics, this unique game can give you a couple hours of entertainment.Because the unique style behind this genre, i recommend that you see some footage from the gameplay before you buy,Duskers, i hope this game can evolve to a bigger game and explore this thrilling environment exploring this concept with huge potential!Perhaps one day.. we can see a bigger universe to explore, more advanced sensors in the drones, more complex commands and tasks, and a good narrative behind the scenes.Enjoy"
76561198103655376,Recommended,254320,23139477,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sysroot,Looooooveeeee it. Can't wait to see what the devs add in the future!
76561197978909241,Recommended,254320,23138511,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,thescaryone,"This game is Alien Isolation meets Uplink/Hacknet meets FTL. If you like command line hacking games, buy it. If you like space roguelikes, buy it. If you like survival horror, buy it. The graphics are intentionally limited to provide immersion, you really feel like you're the last hope of humanity, and the breadcrumbs leading to the story are enough to keep even the people that hate walking simulators going.Only thing I've noticed: the commandeer command needs to be explained better. I found out about it from the Wiki. In the first starting area that is hand-crafted you should be in a puddle jumper with no J-drive and like 10 scrap capacity. You should have to commandeer one of those ships to keep going to forcably introduce the mechanic."
76561197977166693,Recommended,254320,23357287,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jackpine Savage,Just one...more...derelict...
76561198118398542,Recommended,254320,23243517,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,william.moreno,"Initially i was a bit reluctant on buying this game, but after watching some YouTube videos I bought it and I'm really enjoying it.The command line to give commands is simple but really makes the difference.It's not terrifying but some times an alien appears from where you simply don't expect and this keeps the terror atmosphere.In short the game is simple, but the idea is amazing and most importantly it makes me happy.In short: buy yours, you won't regret."
,Recommended,254320,23318780,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Miguel Rossington,"Feels like running scans and piloting drones in some 70s or 80s sci-fi flick. Much more fun and engrossing that the poor screenshots make it look. I see myself coming back to this game a lot as the win condition isn\'t super clear and \""losing\"" is acutally pretty difficult for it being a rogue like. Definitely check out if you\'re a fan of rogue likes, classic sci fi and/or feeling the emptiness of space."
76561197991303896,Recommended,254320,23282251,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,TDuke,This is an odd one. It's really hard and unfair at times but I keep coming back. It is quite immersive when you are not screaming at your computer. I'm not sure I can recomend it. It seems to me this is one of those aquired taste games. The frustration to fun ratio isn't quite right. It is more of an experience than fun.
76561197971095068,Recommended,254320,23231293,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,K-Shard,"Bought this game and loving it. Reminds me a lot of the original alien game for the Spectrum (and the 8-bit aliens follow-up) with the suspense element - you never know whats going to be in the next room or whether the doors are going to fail. Gives a real sense of panic.Love the retro commands - yes they're a bit clunky but effective, straightforward and totally what you'd expect as  1980's bladerunner-esque vision of the future."
,Recommended,254320,23157256,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sargoth,"Duskers is a unique little rogue-like game, where you type in simple commands to explore the world.It captures the spirit of the Alien movie franchise and can be as punishing if you don't thread carefully.I've sat many a night in frustration as my drones were destroyed one by one, because I made one mistake, and not fast enough on the keyboard to correct it (I am no coder, thats for sure). Lots of ragequits. But I came back to it. Because at the core the mechanics are solid and fun.The only thing left wanting are more varied and unique (map) locations and a ton more drone/ship upgrades and skills. But Duskers is very much a game for the gamer who likes tactics and command consoles... and I certainly didn't know I would like command console gaming."
76561198048498056,Recommended,254320,23146495,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,mr.linger,So much atmosphere in a 200mb game. Highly recommend
,Recommended,254320,23192656,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,StratX,"I want to bring up a point that perhaps no one else will. Duskers is yet another great addition to the indie landscape, but it has an invisible immersive side that it asks you to participate in that is a bit refreshing in the world of game-design. There's a lot of real, added gameplay depth on top of the hard-coded rules the game sets forth for you,But it provides an optional layer of immersion that it politely asks you to take part in, to sustain some of its gameplay.You can read my review and watch a video where I heavily edited my voice to sound like I was on board the ship in Duskers at:http://www.zero-friction.net/2016/05/24/duskers-asks-you-to-isolate-yourself-in-its-dead-universe/Turn off the lights, bump up the audio and get into it, like a good movie."
76561197969306054,Recommended,254320,23423967,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SpecialistSix,"By happy accident I found this absolute gem of an indie and it's so damn enjoyable that I wanted to throw my first Steam Review up just to make certain this game receives some praise and attention.  It's tense, clever and drenched in the kind of sci-fi terror that makes you uncomfortably paranoid.  The keyboard only UI is very well done and I constantly feel like I should be playing it on a monocrome IBM XT just to further burn in the mood.  Just absolutely pitch perfect."
,Recommended,254320,23267054,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,1wsx10,"really nice. reminds me of FTL with more strategy than combat, but dont let that fool you... it gets very tense at times"
,Recommended,254320,18275699,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PsiLens,I'm enjoying the atmosphere and gameplay.Definitely play full screen in the dark to get the feeling of being onboard the mothership trying to keep track of your drones.
,Recommended,254320,18778214,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mad MarX,"Such a fun game! One day i was watching Quill 18 streaming Duskers and I knew I had to buy this game. Awesome game that uses simple commands to control drones in order to explore derelict ships. Simple in concept, but super addiciting. The devs are awesome too and release massive updates on a weekly basis."
,Recommended,254320,29256933,Posted: 14 January,all,Dar Vender,Great game. The feel of the game is unlike anything else I've played. The retro sci fi looks really resonate with me. It's like being in a really good alien game.
,Recommended,254320,29485446,Posted: 25 January,all,Chamango,"Really great asthetic, encountered an annoying bug with one of the abilities pretty consistently but the game is still really good, with quite a unique way of telling a story (not that the story is the focus of this game, mind)"
76561198027132572,Recommended,254320,29039348,Posted: 5 January,all,The_Jozze,"Well ... honestly well worth the money. Reminds me a lot of FTL while not copying FTL and really inventing something new. So ... what's like in FTL1) Rogue-like2) Constantly low on supplies and jumping from system to system, hoping you'll have enough fuel3) Use your mind to deal with enemies which are not trivial.4) Micromanaging your ""crew""What's different?1) Dark atmosphere2) You command a group of drones mostly from a terminal interface (thank God for aliases!)3) Story is quite rich compared to FTL. Of course depends on how long you can survive ... but it's interesting getting bits and pieces of information that help you puzzle what the hell is going on.4) If in FTL you could say you were a taking a role of a ""captain Kirk"", in this game you're more of a hacker ... an engineer, armed with only your wits to survive the wastes of space... kind of like Scotty. Or Scotty with knowledge and skills of Edward Snowden :DIf you enjoyed FTL and want to see FTL from a bit different perspective, give it a shot. It's worth it!Also the game runs on Linux, which is really big plus for me."
76561198045115685,Recommended,254320,29180512,Posted: 11 January,all,crimson_fluf,"Bought the game and really enjoyed it. Sadly I was forced to ask for a refund as I play on macbook air, and the rainbow glitch basically made the game unplayable.Would repurchase in the future if this issue is addressed -but it seems like, based off of what I've found, that that may never happen. Bummer. I suppose that's what I get for using a mac haha"
76561198107807818,Recommended,254320,31032126,Posted: 8 April,all,Eldershadow13,"It's a really great game, and it gets even more fun if you like to psudo-code things to make your navigation and exploration a little more automated. It can get a little repetitive, but overall it's a really fun game and I'd definitely recommend it"
76561198120540428,Recommended,254320,31031934,Posted: 8 April,all,Spreelly,neat
76561198319259974,Recommended,254320,29949871,Posted: 15 February,all,dramadilemma,"Back in the day, I loved playing Alien Breed on the Amiga. Duskers takes me right back to that late night high-pulse terror. It's the loneliness. The emptiness. The not knowing what hides behind next closed door. With minimalistic, simple means, Duskers builds such a suggestive atmosphere. It's a rich and scary universe viewed through grainy video feeds - until it all blacks out and your drone has been destroyed by something unnameable. Great stuff."
,Recommended,254320,29114932,Posted: 8 January,all,Chaotic Entropy,Very engrossing for what is effectively a fairly simple game. Very well put together and atmospheric.
76561198097520288,Recommended,254320,28973016,Posted: 3 January,all,Dragamemnon,"This game is incredibly intense. I thought I had 20 hours in it, and was shocked to see that I had 7.Highly recommended to anyone who likes good atmosphere and dungeon-crawly-ish sort of gameplay."
76561198066445926,Recommended,254320,29030715,Posted: 5 January,all,indestructiblelion,"I'm a fan of rougelikes. This is a roguelike, horror, sci-fi, quasi-hacking style game that involves controlling a couple of bots salvaging some derelict spaceships.Unlike other roguelikes however (except maybe Telegltich) this game requires quick reactions alongside well thought out strategies in order to survive.When a creature starts attacking a bot you have seconds to decide what to do, so if you didn't think it through already you better be able to type fast or your bot is dead.Get the scrap or run away - get the resources but risk dying in the process.So yea, if you like roguelikes and the interesting style of roguelike this game is, get it."
,Recommended,254320,29008847,Posted: 4 January,all,Jakimus Maximus,"Great strategy game, that has a great 1970/80's Sci-fi feel. The text based commands are easy to learn and add to the urgency if something happens when your typing furiously to save your drones. The schematic and drone view are both good, the drone view is very reminiscent of Alien and Aliens, due to the similarities ebtween the targeting system of the auto turrents and the  smart gun and adds to the asthetic. The story so far is a little obscure but that could be down to my small playing time however it does feel from reading the data records that you collect something is unfolding however ive yet to see to much of it.Overall its a great game for fans of strategy especially if your looking for something a bit different and its definitely worth taking a punt (go) at."
,Recommended,254320,29017135,Posted: 4 January,all,vindicar,"Neath one-shot. Not much of an overarching plot or replay value for a roguelike, but the gameplay is somewhat interesting."
,Recommended,254320,29017704,Posted: 4 January,all,evoelise,"This game is tough, I mean seriously tough. One mistake and it's all over, it makes FTL look like child's play.The start of the game can be a bit RNGish, you need a bit of luck just to get a toe-hold in the game but if you can survive the first few ships you should have the ingredients to continue a long way - or until you make that next small mistake.The look and feel of the game is great, hugely tense and claustrophobic. Much is made of the command line interface but you soon get used to this and it just feels the ""right way"" to be playing a game like this.I'm very much enjoying this game."
,Recommended,254320,29013784,Posted: 4 January,all,God Emperor of Mankind,"After having explored the first three ships I can safely say that this game is awesome. I have never been this thrilled while playing a non-horror game. I'm absolutely blown away. For fans of Alien/sci-fi in general I can say: ""BUY IT"""
,Recommended,254320,28999851,Posted: 4 January,all,Troy,"Very solid roguelike, that mixes an almost turnbased approach to exploration with sudden, frantic typing. It can be harsh and unfair, but rewards caution and foresight. Duskers also has a simple scripting system to cook up your own console commands. If you liked FTL, but felt it needed a more sinister atmosphere and less mouse action, try out Duskers."
76561198353372710,Recommended,254320,29000485,Posted: 4 January,all,haushalterjess1988,"super addicted. Play in the dark and play with headphones, turn the lights out, shut the drapes, rehome your pets and divorce your wife. This game will be your new life. 10/10"
76561198275549846,Recommended,254320,29050872,Posted: 5 January,all,Dmeister,"I love this game, its so scary and the variety of the enemies is really wide and despite the game being very simple its a great time consumer"
,Recommended,254320,31027620,Posted: 8 April,all,Brickwrath,"When I first heard about this game, the concept bothered me.  A game using only the keyboard, no mouse.  What was the screen for?  How could thisnotbe boring?  What would you even try to accomplish?Then, after purchasing it, I realized why all of these strange features were the beauty of this game.Having only a console window and keyboard at your disposal, your gameplay success relies on your wit, reflexes, typing speed, and strategy.  You don't need to clock a high WPM to enjoy this game, but it might help.Such restricting control gives a unique elements of risk and stress to the game; you control everything, yet often feel nearly powerless...  Limited vision of drones, foolish drone AI running into boxes, and the terrifying unknown all work against you as you attempt to find life in this empty space... life that isn't out to take yours, that it.If you like typing, tactical, strategy, survival, or exploration/adventure games, this is a unique gem.  If you can't play a game without the use of your mouse, I actually still recommend; it's refreshing (and terrifying)."
76561198337740603,Recommended,254320,30220625,Posted: 27 February,all,[R3KT]Phantom,"I have played this for a few hours now. Its a fun game when you have no internet to pass time when you have nothing to do. There are not a lot of controlls, but you have to use strategies to avoid the aleins."
,Recommended,254320,30342846,Posted: 5 March,all,SpyMaster356,> navigate 1 r4*Rumbling sounds...*(Uh... what was that...)Holly reporting damage> NAVIGATE ALL HOME
76561198155196604,Not Recommended,254320,30344198,Posted: 5 March,all,brucdoo,If you own a Mac DO NOT WASTE your money on this game. Until the developers or Apple solve the video issue it's just crappy.  Especially when your in a larger ship which takes mor time to exploit and your display takes a big dump.  If your on a windows machine it workd fine and plays well.
,Recommended,254320,30358481,Posted: 6 March,all,Yams Garnett,Imagine that all those ships you blew up in FTL were salvaged by a drone scrapping crew.I play this at night with headphones where I can pretend the stakes are much higher. Highly recommend.
76561197972915600,Recommended,254320,18299891,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,aWildCzechAppears,"This is a review during early access:I don't have that many hours in-game yet, but this is a fun one.  It's still under development but it's very obvious that the developer(s) care about it a lot.  I cannot wait to see what it's like after it leaves alpha; supposedly the next update is going to expand on what you can do with ships that you commandeer as well as focus on increasing the difficulty in mid/late game.  I don't play roguelikes very often, but this one was a gem worth grabbing."
,Recommended,254320,31896346,Posted: 21 May,all,EatBolt,"It's a very interesting game. It only requires a keyboard to play it. I don't even know if there is an actual end to it, but it does share some mechanical and thematic hooks with FTL. If you liked Quadrilateral Cowboy, Hacknet, or Event[0], you should check it out. I'm not totally sure if it's worth the full price ($20 at the time of posting) but when it comes up on a sale I would definitely pick up a copy."
76561197998120577,Recommended,254320,34803975,Posted: 7 September,all,Monsignor Non Sequitur,Great game!
,Recommended,254320,33884899,Posted: 29 July,all,Tamerlane,"Quite tense and terrifying in certain situations given that you're basically scrounging for every last bit of resource and losing one drone with all it's upgrades can destroy or significantly hobble you. The eerie feeling in the derelicts is much like the Alien movies where the characters are monitoring the movement tracker. There's many a bad things in these broken ships.It's basically resource management and gathering using drones in a top down view. You either type in or directly control the drones but loadouts need to be typed in to activate.  Basic loadouts can be crafted and other's picked up while scavenging. There are trader stations as well.  You  travel/jump from ships to systems all the while gathering resources. The derelicts or ships also have a stability factor, the less stable the more likely it will start losing rooms and flood the surrounding ones with radioctivity so be mindful of keeping certain doors closed.A mostly slow paced yet tense gameplay with an emphasis on careful progression going slowly from room to room. Great game and a refreshing concept."
76561198055343512,Recommended,254320,34174652,Posted: 11 August,all,Funkyclown,So simple on the surface but so deep.  Excellent
76561197993266460,Recommended,254320,34231745,Posted: 14 August,all,Ten Snakes,"Incredibly tense and atmospheric. Impressive that an old school monitor view can inspire such terror. It's a bit of a slow burn, so it's only recommended if you have an attention span of greater than 30 seconds."
,Recommended,254320,23118868,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hyperspeed1313,"NEW UPDATERead this paragraph before reading anything else. The rest of my review is from when I first bought the game at the 1.0 release. I am now reviewing it a week later, and some improvements/discoveries have occured. Firstly, they seem to have fixed the door glitches, second, there actually is a way to get the same easy start every time (under difficulty settings), and thirdly, you can make the enemy types reset when you restart, too. I still think there needs to be a more in depth tutorial, because you see different kinds of dangers in the normal gameplay which appear to be environmetnal but you can't be sure (green blobs, etc.) and the effects of depressurization and flooding with radiation, as well as countermeasures, need to be discussed in the tutorial.The First Few HoursWhen you first load up this game, you're bound to be excited about the concepts, being alone in the universe with a mysterious breakout happening... What's bound to happen? Well, you'll start your first ship salvage with zero infestations, a quick resource grab that gets you moving a bit on your feet. Then, you'll have to plot your moves more appropriately as every other ship is infested and your drones are vulnerable. As you explore each ship, you may uncover a log relating to what triggered the incident, which you can look back on later. It's a very unique situation, and the gameplay style is just as unique. For the first few hours, this game is pretty enjoyable.TheBUTOnce you play past the first few hours, this game quickly becomes repetetive and painfully difficult to progress in. You'll probably be very likely to use theResetoption to start over. It doesn't restart a salvage though... It restarts the universe right after the event. You're back to square 1 with a different drone loadout. And that safety net of an infestation-free ship NEVER returrns. For every reset, your first ship is already infested, and a lot older. The levels are a lot harder, and it's really frustrating to try and progress because sooner or later, you'll be bound to make a single mistake that ends up costing you your entire drone fleet. And there's only 1 save file. Oh, and sometimes enemies can kill your drones through CLOSED doors.ConclusionWhile this game would make a great short-term arcade game, I feel ripped off having paid $20 for it. There's not really a chance at progressing very far if you ever reset (which I have) and the enemies are sometimes prone to glitching (at your expense). Short summary: if it's on sale for less than $5, it might be worth your money. As for what I paid, I wish I was still in my return window."
76561197970256673,Recommended,254320,35072985,Posted: 19 September,all,Joe,"Duskers is an awesome sci-fi, horror, roguelike game where you control drones to gather salvage on derelict spaceships. It's unlike any game I've ever played, extremely tense and packs a tight gameplay loop. If the game even remotely interests you from the trailers/gameplay footage - give it a try. You won't be disappointed."
76561198263731773,Recommended,254320,35306916,Posted: 29 September,all,fraill10,Great game. Lots of different and diverse strategies. Plenty of ways to clear each ship. The inventory management is satisfying and interesting. Wearing a headset you can really get drawn into the atmosphere of the ship. The story and objectives are good and keep you playing even when disaster strikes. I have 120 hours into the game and still enjoy it and keep playing it.
