user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,254460,9409886,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Evil incarnate,"I played Obscure back on the PS2 at its original release and remember being pleasently surprised. This game utilises ""fixed camera angles"" like  the classic Resident Evil and Silent Hill games but mixes it up with a cheesy high school teen slasher flick story, and combining gameplay from both franchises. This survival horror has alot of the classic elements you would expect; variety of actual puzzles, limited supplies, dark and tense atmosphere, unique monster designs and since this is a co-op experience, reliability on your partner.Speaking of partners each different character you can play as, and switch to at any time, have their own special abilities - so it is advisable to use different characters in the appropriate situation, I think this adds depth to the gameplay.The story is cheesy, not serious, but there is a charm to it. It also features my favourite ""game fetish"" storyline in which everything is normal at first, but slowly devulges into the horror you came to expect, and you have to fight and learn the mystery behind how this all happened.The combat is basic, there is auto-lock, power attacks and standard attacks, but that's all this game needs I feel. The good thing is that the controls are easy to learn and complexity is not needed here.Unfortunately, for me, the music is quickly forgettable so don't expect some Akira Yamaoka level of quality here. That being said, what I hear fits what is happening, just that it isn't something you would listen to casually.I recommend this game to fans of the classic RE and SH games, and looking for their fix on survival horror with some original concepts to it. However, this game was originially released back in 2005, so expect some outdated mechanics compared to modern horror.Also, this PC port is a re-release of an older port but adds native widescreen support and full controller support, among general optimisations to work on modern Windows systems. The only bummer is that there is still no mouse support. I should also mention the game does indeed run at 60fps."
,Recommended,254460,9411860,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Genkisan,"I remember playing this years back on PS2 and PC.If you like survival horror games, you will like this one.This reminds of those high school horror movies played out at as a 3rd person survival horror game.The gameplay, action, suspense and camera movement is much like what you would find in games like Alone in the Dark, Resident Evil: Code Veronica, Silent Hill and Cold Fear, except in this game you play as several high school students, Stan, Kenny, Ashley, Shannon and Josh, that you can switch over to at any time and you will need to for teamwork to pass certain obstacles. The game feels good in that way because it brings extra life to the game rather than thinking you are playing as a lonely character. Each character has a special ability which will make progressing through the game easier if you don't let them get killed.Stan by far is the best character. His personality is just too carefree and cool. :PBut if you want to have real fun, invite a friend over and grab an extra controller for 2 player Co-op playing out the story of the game. It is a lot of fun! You can even share items and weapons, passing them to each other when needed.A couple of downsides are that the game hasn't been updated to support wide screen monitors, so you will have a 4:3 aspect ratio unless you lower the res to 1600x1200, 1280x1024, 1152x864 or lower to get a full screen without side borders. Also, use of a controller is highly recommended as the game really wasn't optimized for mouse and keyboard.Obscure is a great game though and yet another surprise to appear on Steam. :)"
76561198048974498,Recommended,254460,10219227,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,rjmacready,"If you only plan on playing, say, ten or less Resident Evil and Silent Hill-styled third-person ""survival horror"" games in the course of your brief and precious time on this planet, you probably shouldn't make this one of them. In fact, the best of the aforementioned franchises as well as that of the Dead Space universe should keep you more than rewardingly occupied.If, however, like my unfortunate self, you are incurably addicted to games which remind you of that first-ever magical experience of playing the original Resident Evil on the Playstation 1, and have been seeking to recreate the unprecedented terror and freshness of that experience ever since, then you could do much, much worse than this particular game, 'cause for better or for worse, it's still one of the better Resident Evil rip-offs around.Obscure certainly owes an extraordinary amount to the first two Residents. The high school it's set in looks uncannily like a spooky mansion at times, and heck, there's even a large emphasis on sinister plants and underground labs and whatnot.  Add the flashlights from the Silent Hill games, and the monsters-who-are-adversely-affected-by-the-light elements from Alone In The Dark: A New Nightmare (another oldie, but goodie), and you pretty much have this game. But really, if you're the kind of person I described at the end of the last paragraph, this ain't exactly gonna be something you'll complain about, right?I somehow never got around to this one when it was on the Playstation 2 - the high school setting somehow didn't inspire me at the time - but I'm glad to say I was wrong to abstain for so long. Not ""classic"" exactly...but certainly respectable enough to be a must-play for the likes of yours truly. Sure, it's nothing to write home about (unless your mother is also a fan of such games), but also not something for the horror-faithful to pass up, especially on sale. I personally bought it at full price, and even then didn't feel ripped-off.It's about the length it should be (i.e. mercifully shorter than the otherwise superior Dead Spaces), about as difficult as it should be (i.e. not overly so, with the possible exception of a slightly questionable save system and a truly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ final boss fight), has all the expected weapons (well, for an AMERICAN high school campus, anyway), and a surprisingly excellent soundtrack (which comes free in a separate folder with the game).Hell, even the AI for the single-player version - wherein you babysit a fellow high-schooler/""partner"", who you can switch to at any time - isn't that bad, as such things go. Sure the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s get in the way occasionally, but only about 20% of the time, which is pretty acceptable all things considered.In short, not too shabby at all. Not terribly scary for a game of this type, with a story as poorly-constructed and real-world illogical as you would expect; and the characters make those in Friday the 13th movies look positively layered by comparison. (The unique ""special skills"" of the characters is certainly a nice touch, but do we honestly need the guy who runs slightly faster than everyone else, or the guy who picks locks slightly faster than everyone else?) Just lower your expectations suitably, and you might be pleasantly surprised. I certainly was, and look forward to playing the sequel.Verdict: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,254460,9413267,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MartynMW,"I used to play this all the time with my brother on the original Xbox back when it first released, and I won't lie, I bought this game purely for nostalgic reasons.The game's plot is pretty weak overall, basically A group of high school students stay behind after school just to find that the whole place is full of these creepy monster things after dark. There's more to it than that, but that's the basic gist of things. Each of the high school students have their own special abilities, ranging from stronger attacks, the ability to sprint, and instant lock picking certain doors and lockers. If during the game you get one of the high school students killed, then they shall remain dead throughout the course of the game and the ending will change accordingly.Combat is a little sluggish, you'll often find yourself mashing the attack/shoot button in the direction of your enemy until they fall down. There's not a whole lot of depth to it, but some enemies will require a little pre-thinking strategy before going against. Ammo is also scarce, so you can't use your guns on everything you see either. The weapon management in this game is very simple, yet effective. For example, shining your flashlight on a monster will weaken it, and if you manage to find some tape, you can tape your flashlight onto a gun so you can use them at the same time. You can get better flashlights than others so you have to be careful on what you want to use your tape on. Nothing ground breaking, but a nice touch of item management none the less. You can also find healing items that will restore lost health. Again, healing items are scarce, so don't go tanking too many hits with the same character. The game does have simple puzzles, but nothing that you need to spend too long thinking about.Where this game really shines though, is in the coop mode. Sadly it's only local coop, but nearly the whole game can be played with a friend (besides the tutorial at the start). Item management between players is very self explanatory, and everything can be shared between players. The camera is shared between the players, meaning no split screen and it'll only focus one player. However you can alternate who you want the camera to follow at any time, and a lot of the camera angles complement the idea of two players so it isn't that much of an issue.All in all, this game is pretty much a lower quality version of the older resident evil games. It's not very scary, the combat is okay at best and the game isn't too long either. However the coop aspect in my opinion makes all of it worth it, so if you have a friend you can play this with, then buy away!If you're interested in looking at the game, my friend and I have just started a let's play of this steam version on our channel. I'll just leave a link here in case you want to check it out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99zsewBeVX4&list=UUP3JZEwTaJQzm0CyXKjDeYA"
76561198045248630,Recommended,254460,15208693,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Adelion,"Well, first off I want to state that I playedObscureonly in local-coop (there is actual NO online co-op) and will review the game as such. And I have to say thatObscureis one of the best co-op experiences I've ever had. The nature of the game makes playing together prefered or rather playing ""solo""  unnecessary hard (mainly due the camera fixation on player one).But let's start at the beginning and look at the different parts of the game:- The story: It is interesting enough to pay attention but don't expect too much from a survival horror game. The premise is that your friend Kenny vanished on the school grounds so his friends decide to stay after school and to search for him.- The gameplay: You have 4 or 5 characters you can choose from each with their own hitpoints (so you can change at the actual meeting place if one is hurt too much) and their own little special ability. For example Josh can tell if there is still something in the room for you to pick up which is actually helpful. Also the characters can die and you can keep playing the game till all of them are dead.The camera angles are ""dynamically fixed"" (comparable to Resident Evil: Code Veronica X if you know that game) which means you will see the area always from the same direction but it will move with you to a certain degree. Also the camera is fixed on player one. This means in co-op the second player can go off screen and die there pretty easily. So you need to stay together. Other than that you have the Resident Evil room like system meaning that most time ennemies will not follow you in another room (there are small exceptions).The ammonition is scarce (on normal there is more than enough). The same goes for the healing items and the discs needed to save (yes you can save everywhere as long as you have the disc item but each save will waste one of them). There are also melee weapons which help to save ammo on different ennemies.The fighting itself is normal but has an interesting additional mechanic: the use of light. You can use your flashlight to make the ennemies ""weaker"" as they have some kind of creep protecting them which is sensitive to light. But while you use the flashlight power mode you can't shoot so you have to make a decision which gives a tiny little small amount of tactics. Other than that you have different type of weapons and ammo.- The soundtrack: It creates the necessary atmosphere for the game and I liked it a lot. A small grain of salt for players who owned the PS version. The intro song has been changed. You can look up the old intro and the song was definetely better but the license expired. It is not the end of the world.- Replayability: After completing the game there is a hard mode and you get alternate costumes. And the hard mode in this one is actually really hard. Ammo is divided by atleast two, some weapons are obtained only later on, discs are halved as well and healing items are cut to a fourth I had the feeling and yes, monster do make more damage. With the AI this mode can probably end pretty bad. Also completing the Hard mode is necessary for you achievement completionists. With a good partner you can get all achievements in around 10 hours.Well I don't know what to say more. If you like survival horror games like Resident Evil 1 - Code Veronica X and you are searching for really good local co-op experience then you should definetely get this one (although some may think it is a bit expensive for its age, I got it for the full price and did not regret the purchase).PS: If you have questions just ask. I'll try to answer them as fast as possible.PPS: It's a shame that I never got the chance to play Resident Evil Outbreak Multiplayer Mode (or even the single player mode since it didn't sound as much as fun as playing with others)."
,Recommended,254460,34081273,Posted: 7 August,all,diaboliic,"It's like Alan Wake meets Resident Evil with local coop and an 80's horror flick writing, with the soundtrack being pretty sweet. Turned out to be atmospheric and quite a hidden gem."
,Recommended,254460,9418955,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,«DeepCoverAka187»,"Awesome game i used to play it on PS2 it was already my favourite game, now its even more epic on PC + Steam ! Even if the intro song changed, the game is even better.I played this game for years on PS2 COOP mod and i can still be scared when i play it, if you enjoy playing horror game you MUST play this one."
76561198246424830,Recommended,254460,32187174,Posted: 4 June,all,HeatherMarion,i played this game for ps2 an it scared the daylights out of me lol but it doesnt do it now although i still love playing it over again!
76561198006541362,Recommended,254460,15386213,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,stranger1982,"An old school survival horror,in which 5 students brave the horrors unleashed on their school,which manages to stay enjoyable despite its age.Pros:-fairly interesting story-considering its age,graphics are still decent-oldschool soundtrack has a retro but still enjoyable quality to it-coop is an option-a few extras/game mode unlocks for those so inclinedNeutral:-permadeath on characters,adds to the challenge but can lead to frustration and/or force a reload-limited amount of savesCons:-pretty cheesy overall-clunky controls and poor autoaim make combat harder than it'd be (I used a controller,so can't vouch for k/m)-uninspired last boss battle-companion AI isn't the best-despite having 5 characters there's not alot of difference between them,nor are they really fleshed out background-wise-short length-no widescreen supportOverall Obscure is a decently enjoyable experience and a good throwback to old school games,but you have to accept its shortcomings-some of which come from its age-to properly enjoy it.I'd say go for it when it's on sale if you already had your fill of old survival horror titles and are looking for more,just don't expect to find a life changing game experience."
,Recommended,254460,11067493,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,MasterOfPie,"It's like playing a cheesy horror movie, which sounds terrible. but I loved this, it's Resident Evil/Alone in the Dark/Alan Wake in a High School.The music is 10/10, spooky and fits the school theme super well. All Choir-like and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Which is spooky.The fact once one of your five characters die, they stay dead is great too. And you can't really combat it with saving every 3 seconds either, as the saves are pretty limited. Though even with that, it's not hard at all to have all characters survive until the end.The game is still in 4:3 ratio though, so if you're autistic enough to care about two black bars at the side of your screen, that'll annoy you. But other than that, the graphics are good (for their time) and the areas have a very creepy feel to them. Mix that with the perma-death, and you find yourself fearing for your life at times.The story itself is a bit dumb, there's no arguing that, but it's very similar to an old cheesy horror movie, and the plot itself is pretty far-fetched, none the less, still easy to enjoy.The game doesn't hold your hand very much throughout it, which is good, though at times it's pretty easy to get lost at certain parts of the map.I've played with both a Keyboard and Gamepad, if you have a gamepad, use it. It just makes everything ser much easier.It's also 90s as ♥♥♥♥.Would recommend tho, I wrote a whole review on it, and I'm lazy as ♥♥♥♥. So it cant be too bad."
,Recommended,254460,25439453,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ultra#Military service,"If you've ever played a survival-horror game, you've seen all of this stuff before. The only addition to the mix is the Leafdale High School setting and a cast of five teen protagonists who are grungy versions of the kids from The OC. Hydravision has designed Obscure as a veritable reproduction of the Resident Evil series, including a ""greatest hits"" package of story, atmosphere, and even architecture (hmm, we've seen that double-staircase foyer before). The story, however, is more of a ripoff of Robert Rodriguez's 1998 high-school horror flick, The Faculty, with tentacled monstrosities reminiscent of H.P. Lovecraft's nightmarish creations and mutated human zombies replacing the movie's aliens.At any rate, these creatures smash through walls and doors just like similar beasties did way back when. Gameplay is structured around scrounging through rooms for items that can be combined into tools and weapons, collecting keys, pushing bookshelves, and saving progress with collectible CDs (space-age technology compared to Resident Evil's typewriter ribbons). You can reach the ending in six or seven hours, depending on your survival-horror experience. That experience really comes in handy, too, as some situations here precisely mimic those found in earlier Capcom games. A room with a missing lever and sliding shelves is a near-perfect copy of a chamber that puzzled Leon S. Kennedy in Resident Evil 2. Well, at least Hydravision seems to have done its homework.A few interesting concepts liven up the same old, same old. Light is a weapon almost as potent as pistols and aluminum baseball bats. Turn a flashlight on high-beam or smash away boards covering windows and you can drive back or even kill creatures. Duct tape a flashlight to a pistol and you've got a great one-two punch for dealing with many of the game's nasties.Also, you work in a two-person team for the most part, and can give orders to your buddy, switch between the duo on the fly, or head back to a gathering area to pick and choose a pair from all five members of your group. This sometimes comes in handy, as you need to team up to kill many monsters, and each kid in the Scooby Gang has a special attribute. Josh, for instance, is an investigative reporter with the school paper, so he can sniff out clues and let you know if there's anything else to be done in a room or hallway. Stan is tops at forcing locks, making him a wise choice when it comes to breaking into a room. Kenny can run and punch like the varsity athlete that he is. Smart Shannon provides tips on current puzzles. And Ashley can rapid-fire a pistol.None of these abilities is generally needed, though. Sure, Stan is more efficient at breaking locks than Josh, but the latter can still get the job done given an extra few seconds. Shannon's skill more or less duplicates that of Josh, and since the game isn't going to hurt your brain anyways, you don't need their tips to solve puzzles. Only Kenny and Ashley are truly useful, because of their fighting talents. And even those two aren't indispensable, since--just like in all good teen horror movies--anyone can die at any time, and you can complete the game even if some of your pals bite the dust.At times, you'll be tempted to thin out the ranks yourself. Each member of the gang is an irritating teen stereotype. Kenny's the jock. Josh's the adventurous nerd who always gets the girl in John Hughes movies. Ashley's the pretty, snotty cheerleader. Shannon's the bookish one who nobody notices is really sexy. Stan's the stoner, who calls everyone ""dawg"" and describes things he doesn't like as ""whack."" After a couple of hours of listening to this crew, you'll find yourself rooting for the monsters.Co-op play is a great idea poorly realized. There is no LAN or Net support, so players have to play side by side on the same machine. Gamepads are supported, but not mice, an omission that leaves one player stuck with the clunky yet serviceable keyboard. And the camera sticks with the lead player at all times, forcing the second player to trail closely behind or get lost. Co-op play betrays Obscure's PlayStation 2 and Xbox origins. Clearly, the mode of play has just been tossed into the PC version with no real concern for how to properly enjoy it on that platform.More care has been taken with the translation from console to PC where visuals are concerned. For a console port, this is a great-looking game. Leafdale may look more like a run-down hospital or mental asylum than a functioning high school, but it serves its spooky purposes nicely. Much of the furniture and assorted rubbish can be moved, too, so you're not adventuring in front of static 2D backdrops. Animations are very well done, particularly when characters are swinging baseball bats or metal pipes in fight sequences. Moving shadows add eerie possibilities to every corridor, giving you the impression that something's always about to leap from a nearby door or locker. The tense atmosphere is further enhanced with distant roars, banging noises that can't be explained, and a hair-raising music soundtrack that features Latin chanting and a title track by Sum 41 (not nearly as scary, unless you're creeped out by boy-band metal).In the end, Obscure lives up to its name. It's competent enough as far as blatant ripoffs of the great-granddaddy of survival horror go, but so much has been cobbled together that the game has no distinct identity of its own."
,Recommended,254460,12768463,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GABRI,"I played Obscure on my ps2 back in 2004. I found it for 5 euros in my local store, and I couldn't believe how a good deal it was. The game is a real gem, a survival horror game settled in an average american school, in where you take the control of 5 friends that have to survive in a very hostile enviroment. Puzzles, exploration, action, and of course a lot of scary moments, and also you will find some humour. A very balanced game, many hours of fun and a lot of extras.As for the Steam version, it runs perfectly. No bugs reported in the entire game. Enhanced graphics, smooth controls. A must-buy if you like horror games, or if you used to own a copy of the ps2 version."
,Recommended,254460,19664427,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kjoelby,"Great coop game. There are many bugs, and the silent hill style camera angle is annoying (learn the key to switch player focus), but its still a great couch game to play with your SO."
,Recommended,254460,13093403,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,OP-1 Boomer,"This is a game I would certainly reccomend, and it certainly has a different type of idea about the conflict. Most games have a zombie virus, or nuclear waste, but in this one, it has a type of plant. Again, I would reccomend it to anyone looking for a good third-person Horror game. It gets rather frustrating during the end though, and I caution all of those prone to stress production."
,Recommended,254460,26667843,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FiReWaTeR,"this game is so hard to find on hard disk. i looked for years for a copy for my ps2 back in the day. this game is a cult classic. if u feel u can stand the old school R.E./Silent hill gameplay, this is one to definitely check out"
76561198258340978,Recommended,254460,29890268,Posted: 12 February,all,xxCHAOSxx,"Great game! The dialogue is a little cheesy sometimes, but it makes up for it with some pretty good gameplay (which obviously matters more than the dialogue), and a great atmosphere.The characters' special abilities really help (in my opinion Josh was the most helpful, because he could inform you if you left something behind in a room, like a weapon you may have missed).I think one of the only actual gameplay difficulties would be that you can't change the camera angle. It doesn't really bother me, but I had a few friends who said they they wished you could move the angle around as you please.This game sort of reminds of the fictional game 'Stay Alive"" from the movie called 'Stay Alive', which was the whole reason I bought it for ps2 awhile back. Co-op is pretty cool. I was pretty sad to find out that there was no online co-op, but local was fun, and it made the whole thing a lot easier to tackle with more than one person.It's not incredibly difficult. Like, it can be challenging if you're playing on hard mode, but I don't think there's ever been a time where I was stuck on something for hours. I don't really see a problem with this, because unlike some, I hate having to restart levels over and over because of a tough opponent, but I can see why some people wouldn't like it.All in all, I think Obcure is a pretty great survival horror, and if you're a fan of the original Silent Hill or Resident Evil games, chances are, you'll probably find this pretty interesting.10/10 will definitely play again <3"
,Recommended,254460,30512934,Posted: 14 March,all,Ragna,"GAme is fun , but you need to relax to like.It´s like watching a movie like commando from the 80s.The dialogues ,acting , script are atrocious but everything is so corny that it is entertaining in the ending.This is one of those so bad , that it is good games.Micromanagment is taken to another level as there are limited saves(i think 12 for the entire game),scarce ammo and melee is useless.Bonus points for coop.bought on sale, had no regrets"
,Recommended,254460,34772142,Posted: 6 September,all,KesoChodar,American teenagers trapped in a French highschool with Japanese monsters.Featuring:-Josh Carter as:  Nerd Leon Kennedy-Shannon Matthews as:  Nerd Heather Mason-Ashley Thompson as:  Rochelle-Stan Jones as:  Shaggy-Kenny Matthews as:  Chad Thunderc*ck-Daniel Walden as:  Dead
76561198048441592,Recommended,254460,9683214,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,The Real Patricio,"Well, where to start... I figure I should give an explanation whether or not you should throw down your hard earned cash on ObsCure. Seriously, ask yourself, ""Is it worth it?""Yes and no. Yes if you are into nostalgia or the rare occasion where you may be just morbidly curious. I, myself, fall victim to the latter and here's why...I played ObsCure 2: The Aftermath on the Wii (which I won't delve TOO much into, see that review later) and thought of it to be a torn fabric of the 1990's horror fame. It was goofy, had that post-grunge rock soundtrack and absurd college stereotypes as your choices for characters. However, I've been familiar with its predecessor for some time. Even having fellow comrades assure me that the original is better, especially if you are into those Resident Evil-esque games (Eternal Darkness, Evil Dead: Hail to the King). That didn't really solidify what I thought constitutes as a ""good game"", however I still had to know.Now for the meat and potatoes, is the game good? It is for what it is, I guess you could say. The game was made in 2004 and made by a company that I honestly never really even heard of. I had fun playing it, I was digging it. I enjoyed the experience as a whole. Despite my enjoyment, the game is really easy to beat. A speed run could go for a rough estimate of four hours, but that's an estimate. I'm sure there is somebody who nailed under an hour. I myself took about seven hours, but that doesn't really mean much.The real show stealer would be the game's soundtrack and sound effects which really help set the tone and mood of the game. The music is sort of reminiscent to horror films like Rosemary's Baby or The Omen. And the sound effects make you feel like you’re not alone in dark and gloomy areas of the school. For what it's worth, the game's music and sound developers succeed in what they were going for.But... like older games... the voice acting. If anything, this would probably resemble best to what my friends were referring to as ""Resident Evil-esque"". <----This feels like a dirty word, really.In lieu of it all, this game is not bad. I'll probably play it again. It's not great, and it's certainly not♥♥♥♥♥♥ But if you decide to get this, the REAL question to ask yourself is, ""Do I buy just ObsCure or the ObsCure Collection?"" As far as that goes, the ball is in your court."
76561198352692449,Recommended,254460,31289018,Posted: 21 April,all,knifeking499,i most say as a fan of old horror games this game is amazing there is no doubt im buying the second the game has some of the best action for an old game but the feeling of being in the dark is scareing with out knowing what around the next coner there are even some jumpscares which caught me off guard and jump in my seat the two player is fun to its a semi short game if you know where your going but i recommened this game for anyone who wants a good scare
,Recommended,254460,15274191,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Splain,"Rated 6.5/10Obscure is a multiplayer (local only) survival horror game. The game takes place at Leafmore High where 4 students go in search of one of their friends who went missing on campus. During the search they discover that the school is hiding many mysterious that could be directly tied to their friends dissapearance. It has been said that this game takes inspiration from the late 90s flick ""The Faculty"". After completing the game I am convinced this is true.The game plays much like what you would expect from a traditional survival horror game. You will explore the campus in search of keys and levers to gain access to new areas all while discovering readable documents to fill you in on plot details. You may also be rewarded for exploring by discovering ammunition, healing items or even CD's which you can use to save the game. The CD's work very similar to Resident Evil's ink ribbons except that you can save at any time as long as you have a CD in your inventory. There are also a fair share of puzzles to solve, most of which prove fairly simple.One of Obscure's strong points comes from it's combat. The combat in general is pretty basic, you can shine your light on enemies to hold them at bay while firing away with your guns, however if you pay attention to your surroundings you can often use the environment to your advantage. (Just remember the enemies are weakened by light).One of Obscure's weakpoints comes from the AI. Again the game does have a local coop option and it is obvious that is how the game was meant to be played. Playing through on single player you will control 2 characters at a time. You will be in direct control of 1 and the other will be controlled by AI, however you can swap back and fourth between these two characters with the press of a button. Don't get me wrong, the AI knows how to dish out damage. Where they fall short is in their ability to avoid damage and once your AI dies, they are dead. Gone for the rest of the game and will never respawn. If you are playing single player, make sure to your AI does not have a bat for a weapon or they will die. Stick them with a pistol and keep them away from certain enemy types and you should manage just fine.Obscure was indeed a fun playthrough once you learn how to work with the AI. The exploring is satisfying and the atmosphere is just creepy enough to keep you on edge. The game is relatively short and you can expect to finish in around 5 hours. If you are a fan of the older Resident Evil styled horror games you will enjoy Obscure. I recommend the energy drinks."
,Recommended,254460,28091963,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,work4dvd,"ObsCure was one of the last games I played on the original Xbox before I finally sold the console. I thoroughly enjoyed it then, and was looking forward to seeing if it had the same charm years later. It does.If you're a fan of the original Resident Evil, you'll undoubtedly enjoy this. It has the same fixed-camera angles, a spooky setting (a school as opposed to a mansion), inventory juggling (although thankfully no storage boxes), and the same general feel. Some call it a rip-off, but it's more than that. The differences are significant enough to warrant a purchase for survival horror aficionados.The setting is appropriately creepy, as you explore the school grounds after hours and at night. The mutated monsters are horrific, but not ""scary,"" per se. The cast includes five playable students with various minor differences in terms of skills; even if one or more dies, you can continue with the remaining one(s). The music is a particular standout, adding a lot to the overall menace. Acquiring new weapons throughout the game ensures you'll be prepared to combat the horrors within Leafmore High.Some general tips for aspiring students are in order. A controller is absolutely necessary; trying to play with the keyboard would be horrible. (I shake my head at elitist PC users who scoff at controllers.) Character Josh has the ability to determine if any items of interest are still in the area, something I found to be valuable. On Easy mode, using a teammate (either another player or the AI) is helpful and adds to the fun. However, if you opt to play Hard mode (unlocked after beating Easy), AI teammates will use up your ammo quickly. Easy is fun and fairly challenging, but Hard definitely lives up to its name with limited supplies and fewer save disks. Hard is the more satisfying experience, but it can take quite a while (and reloading) to devise the best strategies, including avoiding monsters and not exploring every single room/area.After completing ObsCure 100% on Steam, I'm going to take a break from survival horror for a bit until I go into uncharted territory with the sequel. I'm hoping for a similar fun experience."
,Recommended,254460,34111613,Posted: 8 August,all,Snake,"Do you like old-school horror games? Do you like cheesy B movie slasher and monster films? Then, my friend, I introduce to you the obscure (pun intended) world of ObsCure.It takes heavy influence from Video-Game titles such as Resident Evil and most notably Silent Hill. But then, as previously suggested, it also takes inspiration from horror films. The film it seems to take the most inspiration from, though, is a little 90's gem called 'The Faculty' starring none other than the legendary Elijah Wood. The characters in ObsCure are in many ways inspired by the characters from The Faculty much like the premise, scenario and location all seem very similar. In both the movie and the game it takes place on a school where something very dangerous and menacing is in a sense hidden within the school without anyone noticing.... seemingly everyone being oblivious other than a few cast of characters all with their own teen stereotype and differences. My favorite character of Stanley Jones (ObsCure) is for example heavily inspired by the character of Zeke Tyler (The Faculty.)ObsCure is in my opinion the perfect game incarnation of a B movie horror flick. The quality of it all isn't the best, nor is the writing, graphics and more. But the game STILL holds up if you'd ask me. Ever now and then I see myself coming back to this game. I've beaten it around 2:30-40 hours as my quickest (yet as of writing this) playthrough. The hard difficulty does NOT play around (something I have not beaten as of writing this) and will test your skills ""to the max"" (enter cheesy 90's commercial here.)While the game is relatively short I still do think it has a lot to offer in the sense that you'll always be on edge (especially as one of the many game mechanics is PERMA-DEATH if a character dies, which is the point where I personally always seem to reload my latest save.) It also introduces a back then unique ""crafting system"" as you could put a flashlight onto your shotguns with some ducttape. This makes the game both more interesting and also easier when you can combine a firearm and a flashlight (mind you there are different variations of flashlights, as all differ in power.) And this is key to survival as enemies CAN be killed through regular means but I would highly suggest you use their biggest weakness against them: Light sources.As a little finisher to this review of the game I just have to tell whoever might read this that when I first discovered this game as a kid it was SUPER frightening and I literally couldn't get myself to play any further than a couple of minutes (if even that.) But then as I grew older and also grew to love horror I eventually revisited the game (last year, 2016, to be more specific) where I fell in love with this game! The character of Stan even got such a big impact on me that I've tried ever since then to somewhat mimic his hairstyle (it looks REALLY great with that sweet beanie of his!) and I also fell in love with the idea of having two layered shirts thanks to him. Lockpicking is actually also something I found myself surprisingly interested in due to none other than Stan here.So you could definitley say that this game indeed has affected my life and personality to some extent. Also I've grown EXTREMELY fond of the intro/outro music for the Steam version. I cannot for the love of me find ANY information about that song ANYWHERE but started liking it so much I even made a cover in the music program Renoise quite awhile back of this specific song.This was a pretty long, none structured review but I just HAD to write it all as I do indeed love this game for what it is. I've played through the sequel, ObsCure 2: The Aftermath several times and really like that game too (although the first one is thus far my favorite in the ObsCure franchise.) I even had fun playing through the reboot, Final Exam (although this game is by far the most repetitive and also lacks all the characters and spooks of the original two games so it's the worst in the franchise in my opinion. Still worth a playthrough though if you're into 2.5D side-scrolling beat-em-ups.)Do you like Resident Evil, Silent Hill, slasher and monster films? Then buy this game or at the very least look up some Let's Plays on YouTube as it feels like a great tribute to all of these things while staying original to an extent. Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,254460,22824779,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ozunu_Ninja,"Great Horror action adventure game from the ps2 era with old school silent hill camera type, a less known gem of the survival horror!Pros:-Overall a great story-Rly nice teen horror scenario and location (school which u might think will be short well IT WONT!! :D)-Length!-Different endings ;)-Way scarier then it looks and then I remember from my ps2 game xD-Silent hill 1 camera mechanics (you may not like it but damn it is scarier)-Has some secrets-CO OP!-Godlike soundtrack one of the best soundtracks ever! SUM 41 STILL WAITING <3 THIS GAME INTRODUCED ME TO ONE OF THE BEST BANDS EVER-Unique chars with their own abilities-Is actually really hard  and even a bit harder if played in co op-Special mode and unlockalbes ;)-Puzzles-Graphich are rly good for a ps2 era game and this is a nice portCons:-To play this in widescreen u need to check guides how to play in widescreen if not u play in 4:3 screen-Has few tiny sotry based flaws but its rly no big deal"
,Recommended,254460,9446950,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Eerie Noizez,"This is a great game, highly underrated. I wish I would have heard about it at its time of release."
,Recommended,254460,34650763,Posted: 31 August,all,Belee,"Not very scary, but definitely fun. ObsCure is a third person survival horror game with fixed cameras, a silly campy story set in a (American?) high school with voice acting so bad it's good.Combat is well designed although it does take some time to get used to. There's a cast of five characters to choose from, each with a special perk. You control one plus one AI buddy tag along. The AI is okay. It won't slow you down, but it is very ammo conscious which is good but somtimes bad. For example there are enemies that can grab you and the only way to quickly recover is for the other character to shoot. Thankfully this isn't much of a problem because you can switch between both characters instantly. I like the use of environment to defend yourself. All the enemies are vulnerable to light, so for example if you walk into a room full of little zerglings, instead of wasting ammo you can break the windows and let the outside light kill them.Later in the game enemies become very strong, some with one hit kill moves (death is PERMANENT. Either continue on with that character dead or reload a save). You get better weapons along the way and enough ammo, healing items, and saves(same as ink ribbons from resident evil except you can save anywhere) to keep you decently stocked.There aren't many puzzles in the game, and the puzzles are very easy. I don't mind because there's plenty of combat and as I said earlier the combat is good.There isn't much to complain about. Some of the fixed camera angles are crap, where you have to shoot enemies off screen. There aren't many bosses and SPOILERSone boss you fight three times. Maybe it's just suppose to be a bullet sponge enemy, but it was disappointing to see it two more times after killing it once.I did like the last boss though. Read the flavor text files, otherwise it will be very confusing.The environment is well designed. The map isn't terribly big, but it organically opens up as you progress so back tracking isn't a chore. Near the end of the game I missed an important item, but it only took me maybe ten minutes to find it after combing through the school.Obscure can be finished in one or two sessions, in about five to six hours. I recommend ObsCure. It's a quick, fun, silly game. I almost forgot to mention local multiplayer! If you have a buddy that will play with you, they control the second character. This makes the game so much more fun, but is still great single player."
,Recommended,254460,29326220,Posted: 17 January,all,Master Bates,"THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING RULES. I played it as a very small child and it was not an okay game for me to play as a small child. It is HORRIFYING, and every second of it is filled with intense action.Unfortunately, I beat the game on the hardest difficulty while I was without internet, and the achievement didn't pop so I get zero bragging rights.It's a short game, only about five hours if you take your time (and don't get stuck on any puzzles) but MAN is it awesome. The acting is freaking AMAZING, soooo cheesy but sooooo good. ""It's too quiet in here.. something doesn't feel right.."" ""DON'T WORRY MAN- I'LL TAKE CARE OF EVER'THANG"".This is an excellent game to play if you're trying to get into the classic survival horror as the camera angles aren't too terribly hard to manage and aiming is extremely easy, the auto lock works 100% of the time. Unlike games like Resident Evil 2, or Nemesis, you won't find yourself getting hit by hidden enemies around a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t camera angle where you couldn't possibly hope to see them.Stan is, and always will be, the best character in this game. You can't say anything to that because Stan rules.10/10 would play again. ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game. Seriously, LOVE it."
76561198268960371,Recommended,254460,25242554,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,"An... ""Obscure"" game from a small French game dev company.This is absolutely a game that is worth playing.I will say if you are younger than 20, you may or may not remember playing it, so it is much more fun to re-explore this game as an adult, but for someone new to the game; simple by choice or the fact you were too young to experience this on the PS2 or Xbox, you may not find it as fun. Nostolgia adds a big boost to any game you play.For me I'd say it's a 9/10 must play for the Nostolgia.If you are new, and are used to the AAA games coming out now, probably a 7/10, save this one for a rainy day, but is worth playing. You will find the script in this game to be cringy, and the game it's self not too scary with today's standards."
,Recommended,254460,22117274,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,_sadboyy,if u love 90s horror movies u will love this game :D
,Recommended,254460,22611370,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,Obscure is a fantastic survival horror. It's an old game but still holds it own against a lot of the games in the genre today. Well worth the money especially if you can find it on sale. Replay value is also fantastic with extra mode and special weapons unlocked after the first run through.8/10
76561198027761043,Recommended,254460,9464151,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Maniacal_Eric,this is one of the best horror games you will play. i recomend a buddy to play with the only bad thing about this verision is no online co-op
,Recommended,254460,28217942,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Zombra,A worthy successor to the legacy of the original Resident Evil games.  Worth $8 and 8 hours of your time.
,Recommended,254460,34596503,Posted: 29 August,all,AkiSmash,"This is the closest to classic Silent Hill for PC that we'll get, and it's fantastic. Ignore the hours, because this is from the PS2 days and hoooolllyyy hot damn this is good.Voice acting? Decent, but they say a good horror game has bad acting.Controls? Fluent, easy to understand, but one of those games where you really gotta keep playing the game in a straight run without touching other games.Psychological horror? Y E S."
,Recommended,254460,33883803,Posted: 29 July,all,Memorix101,"I found out about the game when I was 8 years old. I buyed th OPS2M (Official PlayStation 2 Magazine) every month and right in the first issue I got was a poster of the game and a demo (Prologue). I were too scared back then, but sure I will buy this game one day. This day was yesterday (28/07/2017). I'm 21 now.In my opinion the game aged well (on PC), but has it's flaws.The combat is a bit frustratingThe AI really annoying and stupid (Resident Evil 5 like), so make sure you have a friend nearby to play co-opThe story intresting but 08/15However, it's really enjoyable and I don't regret the pruchase :)"
76561198019557045,Recommended,254460,29341891,Posted: 18 January,all,A.G.B.,"Pros: amazing atmosphere. Engaging plot. Cool concept and execution. Genuinely recreates a slasher flick feel. Decent co-op: player 1, say, picks a lock, player 2 covers his back, which is often necessary. Your AI partner will mostly do the smart thing. Great enemy design.Cons: clunky gameplay, the shooting is especially obnoxious. When the camera view shifts, so do your directional controls. Only 5 and a half hours long, and not much replayability. You can keep all 5 characters alive through the game, or run through with just 1, and it can be any of them: this means the unique ability(which are just ok) of each isn't necessary to win, which makes them feel every bit as interchangeable as they are.If it seems like you'll enjoy it, you probably will. But it will definitely frustrate you."
76561198015381584,Recommended,254460,9535547,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,buddyrow13,"Where do i start with this gem? I remember this being on the PS2 but i never tried it before. All i remember saying is it's like resident evil and silent hill. Well those people were right, and at the same time i think that this game is actually more fun than silent hill and above par with resident evil code veronica; considering that they both came out about a year or two apart.Here is my list of pro's and con's:Pros:+PANTIES (in some places if your going up stairs and open a door you can see the girl with the short shorts panties (can't remember her name at the moment)+Great soundtrack+Nice graphics for its time+Smooth controls (unlike RE code veronica and Outbreak)+Gives you plenty of ammunition+The party system. i absolutely loved this about Obscure. I liked having two people and being able to control them and customize and give them shotguns, pistols, even a laser gun(very useful)+Nice replayability since you unlock a lot of stuff if you beat it on normal (i suggest beating on normal since if you don't you probably won't unlock anything on easy)Cons:+I can only think of two cons. One is sometimes the camera angles will fall to your advantage.+And two the dreaded hallway of falling, which makes it hard not to fall because your partner can be a dumbass sometimes (you'll know it when you get to it)"
76561198087822139,Recommended,254460,17911423,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Zero,"I don't trust metacritic at all anymore, many of my favorite games have a score less then 80. Some of the criitics were far too picky with this game, such as lowering the score due to the bad grapics. The graphics aren't that bad for a 2004 game, graphics don't make the game; gameplay does. This game definitely delivers in gameplay; the local multiplayer is very well done and makes this game loads of fun playing it with someone right next to you instead of over a mic. I wish there were more games with this king of local multiplayer. My only complaints about this game would be that the dialouge can be a bit cheesy at times and its pretty difficult at times, not impossible though. Overall this is a great game especially to play with friends."
76561198356140184,Recommended,254460,31778052,Posted: 15 May,all,Potato tithes,"Oringinally played on ps2, the port is great all except the controls, there is no use of the mouse, only keyboard. Overall Obscure has a few good scares and is fun for short stretches at a time. Not a game to play at hours at a time.Overall a 8/10"
,Recommended,254460,11665633,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,CannonFodder,10/10 Co-op Experience.
,Recommended,254460,18351479,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Shobonimaster,"I'd like to preface by saying this is a decent little survival horror game for the price (especially if you catch it on sale) and I do reccomend it, but there's come complaints and obsevations I do have:-No-one that worked on this thing as touched so much as a NERF gun, so we get awe-inspiring stupidity like a large revolver sharing ammo with a 9mm semi-auto and a double barrel shotgun with a pump-action, complete with ejection-port and mag-tube. Not to mention the ""light grenade""It streals all kinds of stuff from Resident Evil (not including the obvious part of being Survival Horror with a fixed camer and tank controls, of course)-Monsters born of evil experiments on a plant-One of the heroes looks like a young Leon S Kennedy-Rips off the save system, but with with CDs that can be used anywhere in place of Ink Ribbons.-Someone has noted skills in lock-pickingOn a techinal level, it had no graphics settings aside from changing reslution and expects you adjust the brightness on your actual screen. Runs smooth and looks good other than that, though."
,Recommended,254460,12385605,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"Old school survival horror goodness.  Works very well, full controller support, 1920x1080, ect."
76561198036380006,Recommended,254460,10001294,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,S.T.A.R.S T-Virus,"I bought this game cuz it looked simillar to the old style Resident Evil games I love, and this game is better them most of them in my opinion.The story is really good, the characters are awesome and the monsters looks really freaky wich makes it more fun to beat em with a baseball bat (my favorite melee weapon)."
76561198004068936,Recommended,254460,27929702,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Luke (CZ/EN),"Obscure is a ""classic"" survival horror game, intentionaly written and designed as a cheesy teen horror movie. That said the atmosphere and soundtrack are fantastic and the gameplay is, thanks to the multiple characters / co-op elements, extremely fun. The game is painfully short (3 hours on the first playthrough) and the Steam version has altered soundtrack (two rock songs are missind, probably due to the rights running out), hovewer the replayability is high. Recommended for all fans of old school survival horror."
,Recommended,254460,10789269,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Saintmandragora,"This game really put out a different form and genre of the already ""Survival Horror"" genre that we are well known of.  What takes this game beyond it's father and mother games (Silent Hill series, Resident Evil, and Alone in the Dark series)This game has a very unique story line that twists and turns as you play through it, as any of the 5 characters in the game. Each character has a different skill set that helps you progress through different areas in a more player friendly style of way.  The setting is very cool, very eerie as you complete your mission at the school.  The game is scary,  its unique and different, It has a very good soundtrack and a simple but fun story line.  It does have replay value, a special edition version, which is a very cool basic directors cut version of the game.  They do have a sequal as well,  But by all means play Obscure before you play Obscure 2.8/10"
,Recommended,254460,14871508,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,...,Reminiscent of a 1998 movie - The faculty.
76561197970410885,Recommended,254460,21765249,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,silcarott,"Still a good local coop experience after all this year. Controls are a bit clumsy, but the setting works well  an graphic can  still be appreciated. Short game, you can have a couple good evenings with a friend with this game."
,Recommended,254460,13824344,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sorakohaku,"This game is a lightweight horror game that can be easily played in a day or so by those who find most other horror games to be too intmidating to play.In other words, usually during a game like Silent Hill or Dead Space I find myself freezing in fear or throwing the controller in the air and hitting myself with it, not so with this game. I was finally able to play a horror game completely on my own without a friend to use as a crutch . . . even if I did have to play it with the lights on in the middle of the day.The controls are pretty easy to get a handle of, no awkward turning and shooting mechanics that a lot of much older horror games have"
,Recommended,254460,13055696,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pathan Reynn,"Don't expect to much from the Story!The Gameplay is great, especially in Coop.Its a bit like the Lego-Coop-Games...well...with more blood and death and gore etc.8/10"
76561198044392519,Recommended,254460,22701672,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Dug,"Obscure is like a B horror movie, with all it's downsides and advantages, only that it's a game.The advantage a good B movie has is the ability to turn something really dumb and forced into an enjoyable experience. Obscure is doing this 100%, the plot isn't there to tell a story, the plot is there to force characters into situations where they must fight monsters. By the way, the characters are basic high-school teens and they have zero character outside the stereotypes you can see in any american show/movie whatever which features high school life. Hell, they don't even talk to each other outside the usual ""WE WERE WORRYING ABOUT U GUYZ"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥About the monsters, it's dumb, the concept of them being vulnerable to light is good, but the game has no explanation WHY ON EARTH ARE THEY VULNERABLE. Since the monsters (it's not a major spoiler, but it's a detail which isn't obvious, you decide)aren't ""shadow"" creatures, they are mutated persons for ♥♥♥♥'s sake. Why mutation causes them to hate light? Whatever.So now that we have the grasp of what kinda feel Obscure has when you think about it, we can move on to how it feels when you don't. Just like a B movie should feel, you can laugh on the logic bumps and ""weird"" execution or cringe on them. Mainly I was laughing, the whole game just screams ""don't take me seriously pls"".Outside of that the gameplay was actually fine. The fighting could be a little bit more complicated, outside of the final boss you're just lighting and shooting at random creatures. The best mechanic is that the game has perma death, if one of the five characters die it's not game over, the character just dies, no coming back, it adds to the feel that people usually DIE in horror themed stuff. There's also a part where you can basically kill one of your teammates by being an inattentive prick like me, that was super cool, I felt bad after that.Also, you can combine items. Maybe back then it was a huge thing (I don't think so) that you can combine items, but I feel like that's not a big deal, not that big at least as people emphasize that. Your options are limited as hell, no reason to pee your knickers just because you can tape a flashlight to a handgun or a shotgun. You can also play co-op, but I didn't really care about that, I like my horror alone. But if you want to pop a beer and laugh while you're participating in some B horror action then Obscure is probably one of the best games for that.I shouldn't like this, but I had fun while playing so I don't care."
,Recommended,254460,25918313,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,David0vić,"This is an underrated game, it’s gameplay is very similar to the classic resident evil formula which is always a good thing for me. The story is very obscure, I am the only person to make this joke. It’s very cheesy and over the top. The story is not necessarily good but it works for what the game is going for. Interesting characters and character development is non-existent, they are very by the numbers and the voice acting is pretty bad. You spend the whole game exploring a school which is the highlight of the game and it’s what makes the game. The level design and how you interact with it to progress is very well done as well as the layout of the school it feels like a real school.  I think this is a must play for anyone who is a fan of the first 3 resident evil games or even the silent hill games.7/10 (Good)"
,Recommended,254460,34421986,Posted: 22 August,all,HydroQuarintine,i get silent hill vibs from this game but it isnt bad beside the fact that it doesnt support mouseif you buy this i reccommend to play with controller as its impossible to play with just a keyboardall in all a good game8/10
76561198258742686,Recommended,254460,25941162,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sovietsynth,Classic Survival horror Great Game brings back memories
,Recommended,254460,10195591,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Nimhy   ;>,"When I first heard of ObsCure in it's making in 2003 I had high hopes for it. When I later got my hands on it and installed it I was blown away by how good the game was.It's based on the movie ""The Faculty"" wich has been a movie favorite off mine for along time. It borrows gameplay style from both the ""Resident Evil"" and the ""Silent Hill"" games, and throws in stuff on it's own. Like ""Co-op"" whit a friend. The only complain I have about the Co-op is that it's on only on the same screen.The story is nothing new, but it has alot of twists and turns that makes it interesting throw the whole game.The 5 playable charecters isen't developed much, but in their own way some of them is more usefull threw out the game.So if you are a fan of the old ""Resident Evil"" and ""Silent Hill"" should definety play this game!"
,Recommended,254460,12572487,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Storm Funsoms,"one of my favorite series since jr high. i loved this game, it got the creepy atmosphere from silent hill, the unique horror style that not alot of game developer understand these days and an excuse for the story.most horror games these days focus on the jumpscares and that somebody is mentally insane or they lost a kid, but this game lets you play as 5 characters, searching for they'r friend who they left to play basket ball alil longer. but when they stay in school after the bell rings out, they start noticing how bizzar the school really is, all just cause they wanted to search for they'r friend who they had no idea where was, even if he were at the school. they soon get lockd in due to the janitor's closing shift and they'r stuck in there.the gameplay mechanic belongs back on a ps2 console and is REALLY reccomended to be playing with a controller, as you would just be using the keyboard and not the mouse. like i said, you can play as 5 diffrent characters and they all have ""unique"" skills. some are useless and some are good. oh, and somethign important? you character can DIE! and if he/she dies, you have to play as one of the other char from your teamparty, if you have any following you(1 at a time).if both of them die, the story continues as the others in the meating spot gets worried. to get back your items, you need to find you previous body and loot the corpes/bag. its an unique touch that you dont see too often.this game is alittle updated since i last playd it, i noticed they changed the intro music, and a few graphical things. but i havent got far enough to tell the other diffrents, but the co-op is new. its only local co-op and you would either need atleast 2 controllers or 1 keyboard and 1 controller... but its not recomended to play with the keyboard at all.this game is generally old, and judging it back then, it was a gem. atleast 8/10 because ps3 was still under development.focusing on nowadays, it would get 6/10 due to poor graphic, annoying controll system, linear path and wacky combat system. like i said, its recomended to play with a controller.. but the truth is, you cant really push high expectations on an old game, if they changed too much, it would ruin the original game itself. with that said, i can only give it a 7/10. it is a must play for silent hill and generally all original horror lovers. there are some few issues with the gameplay, but that is something you learn to play with. without any trouble."
76561198066821810,Recommended,254460,25328420,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Delsin53,"Never played it on the ps2, but got it on sale for 3.50 and was amazed, I beat it and while the ending was underwhelming, it was a blast to play! And it being co-op is even better!"
76561198287099485,Recommended,254460,26033893,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,corneroftruth,"What can I say about Obscure? I felt like I was playing inside a 90's horror sitcom, and I absolutely had a blast. The characters are fun, the voice acting is goofy but awesome, the combat is resident evil-esque, and the overall atmosphere is great and enjoyable. This is so much better then the sequel, Obscure 2, that its a wonder how they went so wrong with number 2. Another cool aspect of this game is how each character has a unique ability that is required to access certain parts of the game. The story overall really makes zero sense, but this could basically be turned into a movie, and it would make bagoodles of cash as a horror film. It reminded me of the film, ""the faculty,"" from the 90's. Definitely reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys alan wake, resident evil, etc. Check out my playthough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCglu9nWbFM"
76561198158762296,Recommended,254460,12971280,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WeAreAllFreaks,"Obscure is a really good game, as a horror it's more b-horror so it's pretty funny, good story, awesome music, good weapons to use, five playable characters each with their own special ability to use which is pretty cool. The enemies were okay, not really scary but interesting story wise. The puzzles were okay but i would of prefered if they were more challenging. Overall a good game."
76561198004811351,Recommended,254460,18627823,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Do you remember Resident Evil? Do you remember the Resident Evil knock offs that followed in it's footsteps and oversaturated the survival horror genre to extinction? How about the teenage high school horror movies that came out around the same time? If you do, then you know what to expect with Obscure. It's exactly what you think it is, and it's a pretty funny nostalgia trip, too.I won't say Obscure is “good”, but I'll recommend it anyway with a few stipulations. Firstly, coming in at the tail end of the tank control era allows it to be surprisingly playable by modern standards. The controller mapping is certainly strange; you hold LB/RB to bring up your inventory options and cycle through them with the right stick, holding the action button to bring up commands. It's unique to say the least, but once you get the hang of it it works functionally as well as any other control scheme I guess. You also can have a second character that's either controlled by the AI or by a second player. I didn't try it cooperatively, but the AI works very well for the most part. The second player is optional, but serious kudos for including that feature and making it work much better than the disaster I expected.The story and setting is very generic; you control a half dozen high school students whose principal is hiding a dark secret and conducting genetic experiments on the student body in his mad scientist lab underneath the school yard. As stated: Resident Evil plus any '90s high school horror movie paints an accurate picture. It's all very small scale; the school and the underground tunnels make up the entirety of the environments you'll be exploring, and it's a short game that won't challenge you with brain teasers or difficult combat/resource management. In fact, I found trying to avoid enemies useless, and (on Normal, anyway) you seem required to pump bullets into every John Carpenter's The Thing enemy you come across to progress.As copy-and-paste as Obscure is in design, there are a few noteworthy innovations that were well ahead of their time. The co-op is now a staple of modern survival horror games like the newer Resident Evils and Dead Space. Also, I thought the main combat mechanic of Alan Wake (shining a flashlight on darkness-covered monsters before you shot them) was a fresh concept... Obscure features this exact same loop and it came out five years prior. Sure, Alan Wake is a much better game, but Obscure should get credit where credit is due. Another fun tidbit: Until Dawn made a big hoopla about main characters dying but the story continuing without them. Obscure did it a decade earlier. You can swap between the six kids at will. They each have unique special abilities, and if they die they're gone. You then have to find the spot they died to collect any weapons they were carrying ala Dark Souls. Again, not saying Obscure is a great game, but much respect for being way ahead of the curve.The main reason I came away from Obscure with a positive outlook is because it's hilariously bad. It's B-movie cheese at it's finest, with CGI cutscenes and stereotypical dialogue that's just too unintentionally funny to pass up. As far as survival horror games of it's ilk go it's not nearly as offensively archaic as most, so you're left with a short highlight reel of what makes those games so good/bad. With the right sense of humor and appreciation for the genre, Obscure is definitely worth a look for the stoner kid's lines alone."
,Recommended,254460,29193211,Posted: 11 January,all,Insaneowl,"I played this game when i was younger, it is so underrated. It's an amazing game and I would love to see Obscure 3 (Obscure 2 ust wasn't the same. :( )"
,Recommended,254460,29217065,Posted: 12 January,all,Worldshaper Kayto,"Mildly spooky, but loads of fun. Not quite on par with Silent Hill, scarewise, but the gameplay mechanics are similar."
76561198081271486,Recommended,254460,20906236,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mouse Fitzgerald,"An underrated survival horror game from the ps2 era. It has good co-op, perma-death, and the ability to put flashlights on your guns. It doesn't hurt that it's inspired by my favorite movie of all time, The Faculty. It's a little cheesy in the plot department, but it has some seriously creepy enemies and enviroments. My only complaint about this version is that the licenced music from the ps2 version is absent here. I mean who doesn't want to hear Sum 41 during the radical basketball cinematic?8/10"
,Recommended,254460,21540499,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bear,"I found it hard to believing the story, i mean recording door's key pad and storing it on video tape? seriously? and also it's pretty normal having shotguns, laser gun, grenade and so many pistols and ammo in high school, but i do like the gameplay, character abilities and losing memebers idea, it's was something different in year 2005."
76561198025295885,Recommended,254460,10279101,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,JonasB,"Short version:  Solid playstyle, AMAZING music, reminds me of original Resident Evil, but wasn't scary for me personally and the story isn't anything new. A fair 3/5: nothing bad, but nothing that you'd gush about to your friends either.Long version: Obscure draws a lot on the original Resident Evil games. Limited supplies, fixed camera angles (which I never had a problem with but other people hate), and puzzles that are for the most part very logical with only one emblem-style lock.There is also the partner system. In this game you play as part of a duo of characters, selected from a pool of 5. On a PC, I think you can play local coop but it requires player 2 to use a PC controller or somehow hook up a second keyboard. The different characters have different abilities which are all handy and none are essential enough that you feel bad for not taking them (though since Josh can tell you if there are any pickups left in a room, you may feel paranoid without him).When playing solo, you can switch which partner you control with the F key, and the AI is rather good about not being an idiot and I've never had a particular issue with it. Combat is solid with an excellent auto-lock system, just keep an eye on your ammo.The characters are drawn on basic high school stereotypes but none of it is as intolerable as some other reviews may make it appear. The voice acting and dialogue is both unimpressive but also lacking any memorable cheesiness along the lines of ""Master of Unlocking"" or ""Jill Sandwich"".Having said that, the voices may be bland but OH MY GOD THE MUSIC IS AMAZING! It's very good and a great mood-setter."
,Recommended,254460,33014501,Posted: 29 June,all,tchutchupla tchuplei,"One of the multiple games that made the ps2 golden age. Good indie horror game, you can play coop and solo, the campain is short but good. Graphics didnt age well but the game has a solid gameplay."
76561198044782719,Recommended,254460,11176625,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Coinneach,"A childhood favourite, if you're a classic survival horror fan this is a must buy."
76561198056194801,Recommended,254460,10342788,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Y O U  L I K E  J A Z Z ? 2GD,"Well this game is a cheesy try to much to be like silent hill but none the less I love playing this game, I remember playing it as a child and then when I saw it on steam I vomitted rainbows, because I love cheese and this game feels good between my toes <3"
,Recommended,254460,9616291,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Shinsuke Nakamura,"Do you enjoy classic survival horror games such as Resident Evil 1-CV, Silent Hill, Dino Crisis, Blue Stinger & Siren? Are you looking for a terrible plot, horrible voice acting, barely serviceable controls, limited resources, limited saving & some puzzles here and there? Do you happen to enjoy the 1998 Horor film ""The Faculty""? You're in the right place! Also, it has upskirts if you're into perving on 2005 low quality female models! What more could you want!?Really though, this game is fantastic. Well worth the asking price."
76561198147160577,Recommended,254460,12596712,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,www.highlyqualifiedgamer,"Obscure is a game about 5 high shcool students who get themselves into a ""sticky situation"". They find that while trying to find ther friend Kenny, that the Principal is conducting experiments on the students!REVIEWThe game looks alright for being made in 2004, the animations are all smooth, no lag, no issues here. The setting for the game is Leafmore High, the high school the kids attend along with some underground labs once you get halfway through the game. The environments look good, and shadows play a good part in the game, so you'll be using your flashlight a lot. The monsters are engulfed in darkness so you'll have to burn it off them with the flashlight.Be careful though, the flashlights battery can overheat. Now lets get to the good stuff... the dialouge. I'm not gonna lie, the dialouge in this game is actually o.k. It's the voice acting though that can get irritating. You can even sometimes hear a high pitched squeal whenever someones talking. The story is  very important to this game. You're gonna have to look everywhere and anywhere, if you're to find out the backstory, but none of this will be hard. Each of the main charcters have their own special ability. Josh has the ability to tell you if their's something left in the room to get. Shannon has the ability to tell you what to do or how to solve certain puzzles. Stan has the ability to pick locks, but all of the characters can do this, Stan just does it quicker. Ashley is skilled in combat and can double swing or double shoot a gun. Kenny who is the typical jock stereotype of the group, can sprint for at a high estimate 7 seconds before getting out of breath. I actually ran faster with Josh because he seems to take longer strides. The combat is ok but i had some recurring problems on certain bosses, you would have to stand at a certain angle and shoot, and i didnt figure this out till my 700th time through so i ended up wasting a lot of ammo. One thing i didn't like about the characters is that they all had their own personalities, which is fine! They just didnt seem emotionally attached to each other at all. For example, (SPOILERS) halfway though the game before we find Kenny, his sister Shannon dies, when we find Kenny, he doesnt ask abut where his sister is and nobody tells him! This is because anybody can die at any time, but there should still be some emotion!!! All in all i LOVED obscure, it just has some glaring issues that i couldnt overlook, i highly recommend this game."
76561197974390730,Recommended,254460,12431019,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AcdzBrn,Awesome!!!
76561198397710490,Recommended,254460,34065902,Posted: 6 August,all,V0XILE,Obscure is an absolute classic to play one PS2 or PC. It's a great nod to the survival horror genre and does it so well.
,Recommended,254460,9416562,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Brandon James,THIS IS MY FAV GAME OF ALL TIME. love that steam made it available! thank u so much 9/10
76561197991279501,Recommended,254460,21539948,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ghost Judicator,"first time I encountered this title was playstation 2 and I had bought it in a bundle. This title is a classic style survival horror game.Alot of modern gamers may not like it but it is a great title for those of us who enjoyed early survival horror games like the original resident evils 1-3,alone in the dark,so on so fourth. Game has alot going for it hardly anything against it...think of it like an interactive teen horror movie almost."
76561198033524424,Recommended,254460,21019648,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,RyderMic,"Very fun horror game that had a vibe of older horror movies set in high school. It's not a fantastic game and the controls can be disgustingly bad at times but it is still a very charming game with lots of fun in there. If you like tank-ish horror games and you don't take things too seriously, you'll have lots of enjoyment with Obscure."
,Recommended,254460,22567974,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hyrule Chosen One,Today I have learned that some video games could have 30FPS cinematics and a 60FPS gameplayObscure is still an awesome game 10+ years later. I wish I still had some friends to play through it cooperatively though.
,Recommended,254460,22749851,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,PredHawK,Good Game
,Recommended,254460,24660777,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,Its one of those horror games makes you jump of your seatRecommended for all calassic horror game
,Recommended,254460,12702270,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Hysteria,Old Friend.
76561198148545171,Recommended,254460,12376950,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,FireRonin,"Awesome Game , Amazing Story , Cool CharactersI Recomended It ;)"
,Recommended,254460,16388001,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kasciorian,Relaxing
76561198075226703,Recommended,254460,23372442,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,xXNineLivesXx,IV played them both on the PSP so its not a bad game but it is a tiny bit difrent on Xbox if you have played it on it. and it might even be diffrent on computer. such as small things like for starters if you play it on xbox you have a locked cabnet were a painting would be in order to get the fuses and on computer you just have the fuses laying on the floor. not sure if thats just the difficulty or a game thing. but id say its worth getting if your into old ps2 games.
76561197992990897,Recommended,254460,31677003,Posted: 10 May,all,Spooky Swamperson,"If you like the old silent hill, and old resident evil style gameplay you'll like this. the story is meh, you'll get more laughs out of it if anything. make sure to coop it with a friend and get drunk and make fun of it, that's the best way to play it i'd say. make sure to get it on sale."
,Recommended,254460,17919129,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,A String's Vibrato (Violoncello),"THIS REVIEW IS FOR A FULL GAMEPLAY, I PLAYED THE ENTIRE GAME WITH SEVERAL SITUATIONS WHERE I HAD TO RE-LOAD TO A POINT BECAUSE I KEPT MESSING UP. THE LONG VERSION IS AT THE BOTTOMTL;DR DRAFTGreat game, amazing story, difficult on every gamemode to give you a strategic and horrific gameplay.PROS-PS2 Nostalgia-Several jumpscares-Amazing story-Scarecity of ammo (Not to allow you to gang up on the game)-Allows you save where ever you want-Several characters to choose from-Each character has a slight ability to help-Wonderful boss battle and ending-Spooky scenery-Weapon situations (Like highbeam flashlight)-Everyone can dieCONS-Controls are a bit difficult to get used to-Partner AI is a bit wobbly-Could do a bit more on boss battle-No Online Co-Op-Your character sometimes doesn't aim where you want-Sometimes you roam a bitDETAILED DRAFTI must say, after beating this game, it was a wonderful gameplay to complete. Obscure is an old school game that looks like a combination of Silent Hill and the early forms of Resident Evil. Obscure allows you to select five players, only allowing you two to use at a time. I chose (Not being racist just forgot her name) the African American female (Who I will refer as Deja?), who's an expert at fighting, and Josh, the one who can tell if you've forgotten something. At first, I thought this was an online Co-op, making a friend buy it too so we could both play. After we found out it was local co-op, he refunded it and was stingy at me for a few days.The game though, I chose the normal mode, was difficult on pretty much any mode. It took me exactly SIX HOURS to complete, and rewarded me with a special mode that gave you wonderful prizes that you'll enjoy. The prologue sets a creepy ambience to your gameplay, and sending chills when you must escape. I was pretty shocked at the end of the prologue, and thought that was the end of the character. About an hour of gameplay, I didn't know you had to save. I spent an hour of gameplay walking around the map. I ended up getting Deja killed. I found out there were no checkpoints, so I restarted, playing the prologue again and finding out that discs help you save.After I found the discs, my gameplay began. I ended up at the courtyard and that's where things went wrong. I had no idea what to do and spent 20 minutes walking around. Before the 2 hour mark, I decided '♥♥♥♥ it' and quit and received a refund. About a week later, I found out OBSCURE and OBSCURE II were onsale for 5.07. I bought the game for 6.99 and I saw that as a steal. I bought both games, now seeing as I bought it again I should play it again.Thankfully the game saved my progresses and I found out what to do. The variety of weapons in this game, the scarecity of ammo, the amount of monsters you must face, is exciting! Several times I had to conserve ammo, and sharing different guns with my partner proved to be a bit difficult. The story progressed and got darker as it went, which I loved. The partner AI though, seemed a bit disappointing, because she would attack so slowly and rarely. Several times I had to tell her to stay put while I finished off some important bosses.At the end of the game, the boss seemed a bit easy, even on Normal, but it was a bit challenging for a two-stage fight. I loved the ending, it sent chills up my spine and I'm really considering playing the second one. This game was enjoyable and remembered me of my PS2 Nostalgia."
,Recommended,254460,10376613,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Elkhart,Fun oldschool local co-op survival horror. No mistake this is from the PS 1 days.
,Recommended,254460,17669915,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Feg,excelent co-op game
76561198041576975,Recommended,254460,11921168,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,McGibberish,This game is pretty real.
76561198059517024,Recommended,254460,24349201,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Česká Hrozba,"this game is B-Horror,so dont expect much from itstory centers around 4 teenagers whos trying to find their friend in school.unfortunatly they find out that school was locked with them in.and then some kind of monsters apear and they find out that they can weaken them with light(so yeah,this game did whole ,,light weakens enemies thing'' first then Alan Wake)the thing i have little bit problem (not that i hate them or anything) with characters.today,theyre dated stereotypes of high school studentsfirst we have kenny-typical strong guy,who plays basketball (also he s the one youre trying to find)then we have ashley-Kennys girlfriend ,cheerleader and typical strong chicknext on our list is stan,who is basically more likable version of 2000s gangsta white guy that talk with fake accentnext is josh-nerd kid with camera......enough saidand last is shannon-smart,inteligent sister of Kenny who is basically daphne from scooby doo (to be fair,her personality gets better in sequel and she is the only likable character in sequel)one thing i really like is whenever your partner die,he never comes back,he dies and you cant do nothing about it.that means that you can finish the whole game only with 2 people out of 5.or hell maybe even with onenext thing what id like to praise is the soundtrack which really helps the atmosphere,which is also greatyou can see lot of influences from silent hil,resident evil and alone in the darklast thing i want to disscus are the controls.it has same controls as first three silent hills and theyre allright (i guess)verdict-game is decent horror game that little bit dated on todays standards,but its nothing major,so if you like silent hill -ish or resident evil-ish games this ones for you7,5/10"
,Recommended,254460,31555135,Posted: 5 May,all,Lord Snake (TittieMcFuckFace),back when horror games where good
76561197990406921,Recommended,254460,33060084,Posted: 30 June,all,MMG Man,fun survival horror
,Recommended,254460,33814697,Posted: 26 July,all,PongnaD,I like it!!
,Recommended,254460,25739867,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Daynwsowulf,Good stuff.
,Recommended,254460,24288496,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dutchoper72,"Well beat the game on normal. Only took me about four hours, but it was a very good four hours.Its not really hard on normal, and I always had plenty of ammo.If you are a fan of old Resident evil, I would check it out."
76561197988448027,Recommended,254460,24195098,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Narg of Ypres,"Overall 7/10Very good game, although it is a bit outdated for modern standards, its still much better than most Survival Horror games we see today. That being said, unless you like RE Classic or Silent Hill games, you will probably deslike this game.If you are a fan of Survival Horror games, as I am, then you will most certainly like this game."
76561198094961153,Recommended,254460,24256398,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mellowfungus,"This games fantastic, and it looks really good and I was surprised to see it was made in 2005 with how well it has aged.This game is also some of the best coop fun I've had.This game is a great bargain for its current price, really glad I spent the 7 bucks on this game."
76561198059171343,Recommended,254460,9435937,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,The Last Zaku,"This title harkens back to the days of Resident Evil and Silent Hill. While it borrows from several great franchises that came before it, there are still plenty of fresh ideas here. While the plot represents little more than a teenage horror flick, the game launches you into the action almost immediately and keeps you wondering when the next atrocious ugly will stake a claim on your life. There are no zombie hordes or hell demensions here either. This is a completely unique survival horror angle that makes from a refreshing experience despite being released nine years ago.As game mechanics go, having a group of hapless teens to choose from and freely swap between makes the game feel more dynamic and versatile. Furniture and small objects will shift and scatter when bumped into, making the environments feel more interactive despite the camera angles being fixed. You'll spend a fair amount of searching for clues and gathering supplies like in any true survival horror game too. Having originally released for xbox and ps2, this game was developed with controller support in mind. Attempting to navigate this title without one will add unnecessary challenge to the game.While this isn't a AAA title, fans of the pre-action/horror genre of games from the 90's will likely enjoy this. If you are expecting this to be another Resident Evil 4-6 or Deadspace 3 then look elsewhere. This is a fairly dated game that should be enjoyed with a fair amount of respect for when it was released. For such an excellent price, I highly recommend this piece of videogame history to any survival horror fan."
,Recommended,254460,9442545,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,boxofit,"Mixed feelings on this one. So overall a 5/10.It's a terrible racing game, but the more I play it, the more I realise that even though the track designs are terrible, and I still haven't found my way to the vehicles yet, the game is more about the journey than the race. It's a story about how five young people pull together in a high stress situation, and learn that together they can win.Many times I found myself wondering why I would need tape to compete effectively, but then I learned that the hallways leading to the track were dark, and I couldn't hold a flashlight by itself, so I could tape the flashlights to different things to light my way. That's just one of many examples of why this is an awful racing game.I recommend everyone buy this game, but don't buy it for the racing or you will be disappointed, buy it for what it really is, an epic convoluted journey to the racetrack with your best friends. And as long as all your friends are together, you know everything will be alright."
76561198120356968,Recommended,254460,12579894,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,K3Feedz,Its the product of RE and SH having a nice demented child.
76561198076824715,Recommended,254460,27742402,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,S U B M I T™,I first purchased this game on the playstation when it first came out and loved it! It has stood the test of time and is still one of my go to favorites.
,Recommended,254460,12361846,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RABIDFOX,i thought the bugs on my screen where real then i tried to squish them good game
,Recommended,254460,25288257,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gavrillafzya,"PS2 Game on Steam , very good- Story  9/10- Creepy 9/10- Graph  7/10- Controller 8/10not bad"
,Recommended,254460,26252348,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Guitar Smash,dank
,Recommended,254460,25973195,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Turgic,"Just like back in the day, good."
,Recommended,254460,15793696,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Wild Potato Industries,"""The Early 2000's, the Game, the Movie, the Life."" Coming late 200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001"
,Recommended,254460,29864894,Posted: 11 February,all,Lumps Plays,This game is ridiculous.
,Not Recommended,254460,20456240,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,nekobun,"As someone who plays a fair amount of horror games, I really wanted to give ObsCure the benefit of the doubt. And in many ways, it shines. Creature design is great, the underlying premise once you get past the ""disposable teens"" veneer isn't bad, and the variety of puzzles manages to keep things interesting while keeping in theme with the school campus setting. However, there are a lot of drawbacks to the game, to the point I'm not entirely sure why it receives such high praise.In general, ObsCure seems rather player unfriendly. The UI itself is pretty solid, with the relegation of menus to the shoulder buttons on a controller proving fairly intuitive. Ammo and healing item scarcity seems reasonable, for the most part, and while there are some tough enemies, you're usually well-equipped to take care of them. Emphasis on ""usually,"" which we'll get to shortly. However, the game seems to have overlooked something rather major in that there's no listing in the controls section as to how you can pass items and weapons on to your partner if you're playing single-player. I was several hours deep and frustrated by a long run of deaths before I finally found what button combination handed things over thanks to a FAQ, thus arming my second character with a second weapon in case their shotgun ran out.The item scarcity also became an issue when boss monsters entered the picture. Rather than giving you the chance to maybe stock up on a bit more ammunition or healing items than normal before a big fight, you're left to pray that you've hoarded enough and that your last save disc was used somewhere not too far back. If you get far enough in, this can be game-ending, as you end up with less than adequate firepower to survive. I got so frustrated with what I think is the 2/3 point of the game that I sacrificed two of the five students in combat, just to keep the ones I actually liked having around going.ObScure also gets cheaper and cheaper as the game wears on. The most egregious example I made it to occurs in the Dormitory area, late in the game, where hidden holes in a hallway floor result in instant death despite there presumably being a floor to land on, albeit with injury, beneath. This is the first instant death situation I can remember in the game, and it comes out of nowhere after everything else just smacked you really hard at worst. It just feels like a really unfair leap without any precedent. If it makes any difference, all of this was encountered on the Normal difficulty level.I'm tempted to give this another chance, maybe on Easy, just to see how the story resolves, but I don't recommend that anyone else suffer through it. Save yourself the frustration."
76561198106454233,Recommended,254460,31457553,Posted: 30 April,all,✪ Mike,i finihsed this game in an hour and 26 minutes on hard
76561198022632674,Not Recommended,254460,25333505,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Derek The Magnificent Bastard,"REFUND!Controls are too damn wonky and no full screen, plus the ""1080"" looks more like 720. My main issue though was the controls. You do not use the mouse at all."
,Not Recommended,254460,17333712,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,RainerGodEmperor,"There is no point in a long review.  There are a number of bugs that prevent you from playing this game.  I'm not sure why they trigger or why they happen so often.  First off the 4:3 is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up considering it had a fix for the original.The problem with the game is some objects disappear or can't be interacted with.  For instance at the VERY beginning of the game theres a cell phone your suppose to pick up and talk into.  Well the damn thing disappeared.  I reset the game and there it was.  Second bug was almost immediately after the intro area.  Your suppose to break a glass window with your bat.  SWING SWING SWING SWING SWING, reset, swing break...this kept happening for window you were suppose to break.I had to get a refund.  It could have been because I was playing Co-OP, but that's one hell of a reason for a lot of bugs.DO NOT GET!"
76561198072081222,Recommended,254460,32740918,Posted: 24 June,all,The Gecko Within 2,"If you change your mind, I'm the first in lineHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meIf you need me, let me know, gonna be aroundIf you've got no place to go, if you're feeling downIf you're all alone when the pretty birds have flownHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meGonna do my very best and it ain't no lieIf you put me to the test, if you let me tryTake a chance on me(That's all I ask of you honey)Take a chance on meWe can go dancing, we can go walking, as long as we're togetherListen to some music, maybe just talking, get to know you better'Cos you know I've gotSo much that I wanna do, when I dream I'm alone with youIt's magicYou want me to leave it there, afraid of a love affairBut I think you knowThat I can't let goIf you change your mind, I'm the first in lineHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meIf you need me, let me know, gonna be aroundIf you've got no place to go, if you're feeling downIf you're all alone when the pretty birds have flownHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meGonna do my very best and it ain't no lieIf you put me to the test, if you let me tryTake a chance on me(Come on, give me a break will you?)Take a chance on meOh you can take your time baby, I'm in no hurry, know I'm gonna get youYou don't wanna hurt me, baby don't worry, I ain't gonna let youLet me tell you nowMy love is strong enough to last when things are roughIt's magicYou say that I waste my time but I can't get you off my mindNo I can't let go'Cos I love you soIf you change your mind, I'm the first in lineHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meIf you need me, let me know, gonna be aroundIf you've got no place to go, if you're feeling downIf you're all alone when the pretty birds have flownHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meGonna do my very best, baby can't you seeGotta put me to the test, take a chance on me(Take a chance, take a chance, take a chance on me)Ba ba ba ba baa, ba ba ba ba baaHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on meGonna do my very best, baby can't you seeGotta put me to the test, take a chance on me(Take a chance, take a chance, take a chance on me)Ba ba ba ba baa, ba ba ba ba baa ba-baHoney I'm still freeTake a chance on me"
76561198094789773,Not Recommended,254460,25634811,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,M a c a c o,why it doesnt see my joystick ? just showing keyboard so i cant play with some players. help me pls
76561198258924505,Not Recommended,254460,23111585,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,terrablood1982,Wasn't to my liking and was to hard to figure out
76561197990135505,Not Recommended,254460,19242496,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,cloudcaptain,The game might have had charm but the camera limitations and co-op elements were terrible.  Co-op might work with two controllers but I didn't hang around to find out.
76561198141733817,Not Recommended,254460,14656275,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,E.P.D. Gaffney,"In short, if you don't like Silent Hill you won't like this, and if you expect this to be any thing like Resident Evil you won't get what you expect.In greater detail:It isn't terrible but the overwhelmingly positive reviews convinced me to buy it and I don't think I even want to finish the game, so I'm ticking 'not recommended' and I'll explain why, although I would recommend it to some people.  I bought the game under the premise it was a rip-off of Resident Evil, and classic Resident Evil is my favourite stuff in the world, so I thought I'd give it a go.  It is hardly reminiscent of Resident Evil in any respect.  It feels cumbersome to me, almost like an unfinished game, but so do SIlent Hill 1, 2, and 3, and it reminds me a *lot* of Silent Hill.  But I don't have high hopes for the story, which is one of the most important things in a Silent Hill game.  So, If you adore Silent Hill give this a try.The differences between this and SIlent Hill are chiefly that of the teens you control any of them can die, which is interesting, the puzzles aren't as hard, and the inventory is real-time."
76561198054094015,Not Recommended,254460,10434869,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,silmwarensurion,"On a scale of 1 to 10, id give this a 4. For a horror game, this game has no shock moments, and is severly scripted. It is a scooby doo mystery, where you have to kill things. It sits like a watered down combonation of a mystery and a 3rd person hack and slash. It should have chosen one or the other. Could have been better with more monsters and more fighting, or less monsters with pop-out shock suprises, with tricky puzzles.Havent played Obscure 2 yet, but id skip Obscure 1."
,Not Recommended,254460,12045155,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BOT Jason,"Take everything bad about Resident Evil and Silent Hill, mix in elements of the 1998 movie The Faculty, and the result is a cheesy game that tries to be serious, but is laughably terrible"
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,254460,23031997,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,-bad graphics-resident evil ripoff-bugs and glitches-dumb story-horrible voice cast-bad camera-bad combat-bad enemies-save points are to use a CD? WTF!-bad AIAnother game getting the boot off my library
,Not Recommended,254460,29259142,Posted: 14 January,all,bullpup ツ,"Spooky with an interesting story, but did not age well. The graphics is just not good enough anymore today."
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,254460,30398901,Posted: 8 March,all,selambentolgi,"did not age well, the gameplay, graphics and the storyline is dated and tortured..."
,Not Recommended,254460,12707389,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,campokid,"Wrong language and no way to change it. Awful control system.  VGA graphics in the cut-scenes.  A waste of money, even at 9 quid."
,Not Recommended,254460,12729761,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,rickmagee,Game is old School and I hate be limited to just keyboard control for Character movement it goes counter to everything you have grown accustomed to in newer games.
,Not Recommended,254460,10299973,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,monfrezo,This game sucks the d
76561198038239531,Not Recommended,254460,9415455,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,OldFatGuy,"I hope you guys wanting this badly have played it before, because for those of you who haven't, let me tell ya my ""fun"" experience.Oh wait, there was no fun in my experience.First, NO MANUAL.You're thrown into a game, with no manual to give you a heads up as to what is going on, there is a movie scene, and it just... stops. And your character is standing there, waiting for instructions from you. Yeah, that same you that doesn't have a clue about what is going on because there is no manual.Turns out your supposed to get him to move. Great, I finally figure out how to get him to move. So he's walking around in circles. No popups telling you what buttons to mash or where to go, you just walk around in endless circles bumping into the door because hey, why not figure if you walk into the door you walk through it. With all the info you have to go on, that seems as good an idea as any.Only he just walks into the door. Finally after 10 minutes of walking around and cussing, I happened to mash the A button on my controller while he was standing close to the basketball. ALL RIGHT!! That did something. A cut scene, where he shoots a foul shot, the ball lands on the floor, and.... back to square one. I figured maybe he had to make 3, or 5 or something foul shots in a row and that would ""start something"". Nope, after about 8 or 10, I stopped trying. Again, nothing popping up on the screen to help you and no manual.So I walk over to one of the doors and mash the A button again and another cut scene, he opens the door, enters another room and a phone is ringing. I walk over to the phone, mash the A button, and another cut scene talking to his girlfriend. Great, I think, something is starting to happen.Two door later, five miles of walking around later, and finally a couple of popups that finally helped a little later, I'm in this long corridor, with a flashlight taped to a gun, and something that you can't really make out (it just looks like black fog on my screen) is blocking your way and a popup comes up and says to shoot it. And which button to hold to aim. (Finally at least SOME help).So I shoot the ""thing"". Six times. No more bullets. No help on how to reload, no help on whether you need extra ammo or if you just need to reload. Thinking I needed extra ammo, I spent another hour covering every inch of that long corrider and the room above where the gun was found in the first place and found no ammo, and pressed all the buttons on my controller trying to reload and after that hour, my last one, I wrote this.For those of you who haven't played this, you've been fairly warned."
76561198019820174,Recommended,254460,9863374,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,=MSG= sup_13,"This is an Amazing horrifying experience, combined with resident evil, silent hill, just the best game for a spooky night gameplay."
,Recommended,254460,9845766,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Rapskilian,"So I recently started to play this game for a new LP series of mine and honestly, it blew me away. Voice acting and generally the cliche moments. Fun, jump scares and voice acting its, sorta good. Plus I felt alot of the names where tooken from a name of south park.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWweIXgDn0E"
76561198126562321,Recommended,254460,10088682,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SmallPotatoes,"so much fun, if you enjoy old school resident evi or silent hill type games this is definitely worth a look and a playthrough i would have to say i really really enjoyed this game not only for the nostalgia but for the option it gives the player and allows to choose weather characters live or die."
76561198070697237,Recommended,254460,9463327,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Creme_Anglais,"Recommended for any fan of traditional fixed camera survival horror games.  The coop mechanic is an interesting idea, but I wish it had been used in a more interesting manner, such as coop puzzles that required both characters to complete different actions.  The voice acting and animations were actually pretty well done for a game this age and the controls are similar to any other survival horror game.  This is not the best survival horror game out there, but it tried a few new things and suceeded in most areas.  Except for being scary.  I do not remember jumping once.3.5/5"
76561198092635088,Recommended,254460,16538991,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,thomas,"A very underrated gem. If you like high school horror like ""The Faculty"", this is for you. Cool characters, nice action, stylish environments, and a lot of surprises. A really fine horror game that doesn't deserve to dwell in the realms of the unknown. Read the excellent review of Alex Lucard ondiehardgamefan.com, he tells you what it is. All thumbs up!"
,Recommended,254460,18077138,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Velikan,"I normally don't write reviews but this game reminds me of the old school Resident Evil games so much I think it deserves a positive review.If you are thinking of buying this game there are some things to consider. This game is 10 years old and it isn't a triple-A title with millions of dollars as a budget. It's a little gem that speaks to the people that enjoy survival horror games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill. I completed this game in just under six hours but I don't regret this purchase at all.One thing to note, this game feels so much better with a controller. It isn't exactly impossible to play with a keyboard but once I realized I could use my xbox 360 controller I switched and never looked back. Also there's a small bug in this game where the audio & subtitles desync in cutscenes but that's about it.In short: buy this game if you are a survival horror (Resident Evil/Silent Hill) fan!"
76561198058219594,Recommended,254460,18807663,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jimboloki,"A classic survival-horror title I first fell in (serious) like with on the PS2.  It's a definite forerunner to games like Until Dawn in that you play all of the characters at one point or another and which ones survive will depend on how you play.  There is no ""butterfly effect"" that will change the outcome(s).  Survival is based solely on how you evade or defeat the creatures that you are presented with.  Still, a solid old-school game for those of us who enjoy horror.  I always figured this would suffer a terrible film adaptation (I'm looking at you, Uwe Boll), but it never happened.  I also figured there'd be a TRUE third chapter to the series.I won't mislead you by saying it's a ""must play"" title.  I will say that I found myself playing it every year or so on the PS2 and I plan to continue that tradition with Steam."
,Recommended,254460,11129744,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MaysonD,"Obscure is a Silent Hill/old ResEvil type horror game that focuses on a group of students in a school with a problem. There is co op, however it is very... odd. It seems like it wasn't properly optimized. For example, player 1 takes damage and the edges of the screen flash red. Now if you heal the red would normally go away. the same happens with player 2. You don't know who is hurt until you both try to heal. another thing wrong with the co op is the camera. The camera is fixed to one player, so one player needs to be close to the first player to see where they are. The camera makes the players clumsy.There is also a habit for the game to crash occasionally. It my be my machine or it's just a bug. If you are playing singleplayer then the game is tolerable with a few bugs. If you can co operate with your partner in terms of movement then it is also fine."
,Recommended,254460,12030863,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Gamer,"A classic gem/nostalgic game if you played this game when you had the PS2! This game in my honest opinion is a must-have ecspecially if you want to relive the nostalgia or try a new survival horror game! I understand that this game is old but to me, I honestly don't care. The plot of this game is really interesting and it will keep you wondering what's going on and why is this happening. The setting of this game takes place at a high school. Then you got your high school students main characters you can definitely relate with. I also loved the atmosphere and music to this game! What i really like about this game is how smooth the camera motions/captures during exploration and the cut scenes! I definitely recommend this game if you're into survival horror games in an high school environment."
76561198143670243,Recommended,254460,11273408,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,burrousjacob,"An old game, but still fun. Controls are some what strange, but can be managed.Great if you like Silent Hill style games.Hope they somehow bring this game series back to life."
,Recommended,254460,12466429,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sparktank,"Played this on the clunky Original Xbox before even thinking of looking for a PC version.GOG no longer had rights to sell the game, and I lucked out checking Steam.Workshop and mods would be nice for this game.Any help it can get to boost some graphics would be nice.Pretty dated game, but still loads of fun.The haunting school atmosphere still lingers in my mind and sets off disturbing imagery, every time I walk by a school or even just look at one.The music was one of the biggest highlights for me, that creepy choir that just saunters into the room.After replaying the intro to the game, I had to take a break, it was really late (early in the morning) and I didn't realize the game still had a major creep factor. I really didn't remember the shadowy beings being THAT nerve-racking to run away from.As Halloween gets closer, I'll be finishing this game off in time to do a movie marathon that consists of Silent Hill, House on Haunted Hill (1999) and The Faculty."
76561198010939654,Recommended,254460,14079562,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ridley,A hidden gem of the horror genre ObsCure is an atmospheric Resident Evil/Silent Hill like game with an amazing story. I reccomend playing ObsCure with a friend in local co-op as the AI may be a bit useless.
,Recommended,254460,15221753,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,keksz #ripchester,All time favorite in genre
,Recommended,254460,14097243,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Eliza ♥,It's like American Nightmare: John Wake but 200spooky600mee.
76561198008582046,Recommended,254460,14745623,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Grahost,"This is what happens when you do drugs: you get locked in your school's secret basement labratories and experimented on.Drugs, not even once!"
76561198031855834,Recommended,254460,14690884,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,S+P Infinity,"ObsCure Is AMAZING (I'm a glutten for story driven games) I absolutly love the series! I've played through the second game like multiple times (On the Wii haven't played it on PC yet) and I've got to say that it was awesome to see where it all started (Leafmore). I enjoyed playing through this game from begining to end, only draw back is there are some glitchs when playing multi-player. They aren't game breaking though by any means just mildly annoying. One I had was my flash light (Player 1) wasn't affective like it didn't seem to like to work. But besides that the game worked very well. I definately would recommend this game. If you aren't into this game try the second one it's definately my favorite in the series thus far. (Please, please, please make another ObsCure game!)"
,Recommended,254460,15010942,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,gecko))),"Kinda plays like resident evil outbreak and old silent hill games. Easy to get killed even on easy, pretty cool for an on sale game if you dig the retro stuff."
76561198088122895,Recommended,254460,11935614,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,NyuNyuMew,if you played this on consle years ago you will still love it now the controls are abit tricky to work with at first imo but yo get used to them over time tho i wished they could of added something new in wherver it be a deleted scence or new weapons or costumes something to change it up a little to ppl who have already beaten the game 1st time player i recommend easy so u can get your barings and unlock a few things to help you in later playthroughs its not♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants spooky but its still better than the recent resi games ^^
76561198073840814,Recommended,254460,19600293,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Robert,"Fun game, not the best story but still an entertaining way to spend 5 hours. Which is how long it takes to beat the game. 10/10 would waste 5 hours again."
,Recommended,254460,19735192,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,FuzzyFishIII,"The classic PS2 game I was scared to play as a kid coming to steam? Oh yeah, worth it to relive my childhood and beating what I couldn't in the past. Spectacular game."
76561198030978104,Recommended,254460,10770591,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"Even though it is cheesy, it's based off of teen horror flicks so it's to be expected. However I had a lot of fun with this, so much so that I wish it was longer. Just over five hours of gameplay I finished it and was sad to do so. There are quite a few features I was surprised to see in such an old game. Features that were rare during the 2004-5 era of games. Perma death, breaking glass to get through areas, and even local co-op. Story is meh but if that doesn't matter to you and you enjoy creepy games, this one's for you."
76561198088354499,Recommended,254460,10873838,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mihawk,"I bought this game mostly for nostalgic purposes, I loved it back when it first came out and my friend and I would play it obsessively even after we'd beaten it several times, so I have a lot of fond memories of it. I was surprised to find that years later its still a solid classic style survival horror game that you shouldn't miss if you're a fan of the genre and have never played it before. I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,254460,29291382,Posted: 15 January,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"*_* 10+ years later and Obscure still plays rly well. It's a lot of fun exploring Leafmore and keeping yr fave characters from getting their heads torn off in front of u by a Stage 3 mutant *_* Unless it's Stan, I usually just let him die *_*"
76561198323905868,Recommended,254460,25344064,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,crippsy1701,"This is quick review for all console gamers sick to death of having to re-buy thier favourite games time and time over on new console ports.I would just like to say that even though this states heavy supported by keyboard and mouse, I can confirm that the xbox one controller via usb dongle works perfectly. Even the prompts are coded to the xbox controller.I will continue to make useful reviews like this so you don't have to do all the research like I did."
76561198099274185,Recommended,254460,15289450,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,St4ck,"Great survival horror game in the style of Silent Hill. You play as four teenagers searching for their missing friend in a school where something strange is going on. I really liked the game as there were many aspects from older games used in this genre and fun co-op i guess, even though it's only local co-op. Works pretty well to play on your own too. What i found mostly disturbing was the fact that the ai is not so good if you play on your own. It usually makes the character stand in the way or walk around even though you tell it to stand still.Pros+ Great atmosphere and music+ Puzzles are challenging but not impossible+ Characters with different abilities+ Enemy design is goodCons- Dumb ai"
,Recommended,254460,20287984,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Baraho,"Abridged review (personal insights below):+ Offers a bit of a challenge, even on Normal mode.+ Brilliantly eerie atmosphere.+ A co-op system ahead of its time.+ Each playable character has his/her own unique passive and active abilities. That was a lot of fun to explore.+ A few unlockables, such as weapons and costumes, offer some replay value.- When playing solo, AI-controlled partners are more burdensome than helpful.- Enemy designs, while innovative, are way too few. There's only like 5 of them in the whole game,- The story may give the impression of being profound and convoluted, but it really is not.Recommendtation: For horror enthusiasts who have not played this game yet, it will be a fresh and invigorating experience, reminiscent of a time when ""survival horror"" actually meant something. However, don't expect anything revolutionary. I don't know how much the game cost, but it appears to have had a modest budget.----------------I first played an hour into the sequel of this game (Obscure: The Aftermath) back when it first came out 8 years ago, without knowing it had a predecessor. As soon as I found out, I stopped, and promised myself I'd play the original Obscure before delving into the sequel any further. I fulfilled that promised just now.Most of the game's shortcomings, few and far in between as they may be, can be attributed to the team's seemlingly low budget and humble technical capabilities at the time. Despite those handicaps, however, they managed to create a spectacular experience with what they'd got. Their ambitious approach to a Resident Evil / Silent Hill-esque experience is certainly unique and engaging. though not without flaws.For instance, Resident Evil 3 had me jump through hoops, retrace my steps, carefully calculate my ammo and herb usage just to gain some progress, which some frown upon, but I find to be vital survival horror elements. I this game, however, I rarely felt this. I always knew where I was supposed to go next, and what to do there. This gave the game an almost linear feel; consequently, I almost never felt scared or lost. But that's just me.The co-op system is thrilling, but having a partner when playing solo can be cumbersome; they tend to get in the way and you lose the true ending if they die, which they happen to be fond of doing quite often. If you're playing alone, I strongly recommend you command your partner to wait at the gathering point in the middle of the school, where they can be safe and not get in the way.The story appears to have only existed as a means to an end: to let you know why the school has gone to hell. There are no ""obscurities"" or profound revelations, nothing that really counts as a twist, and as soon as you pick up the first couple of newspaper clippings or files, you will most likely have figured out the whole conspiracy. As a storytelling enthusiast, I found that to be a bit of a letdown, since it had the potential to offer something far more grand.All in all, I savored every minute of this game and the aforementioned issues did not really get in the way of my enjoyment; I liked it with all of its flaws, just like I like Resident Evil's terrible voice acting."
,Recommended,254460,20010987,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Marshmallow Raven(Ada),"If you like Silent Hill and Resident Evil, you will like this. It can be frustrating, but so was Resident Evil and Silent Hill at times.If you like old fashion survival horror, you will probably like this."
,Recommended,254460,17222054,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Super Ty,"One of my all time favorite survival horror games, it was a great mix of Resident Evil and Silent Hill. Inspired by the 1998 movie The Faculty, but not based off of it. Obscure 2 is alright, but of the two, I prefer this one."
,Recommended,254460,17229737,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Saihchotic,There's nothing left for us here.
,Recommended,254460,17200478,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,0DYN3,"10 out of 10 by far! this and left for dead are my favorite multiplayer games hands down. so stoked steam has this, as its so difficult to find it for consoles where i live.  if you like puzzles, killing things, multiplayer, and the option to choose more than one player then this games for you. each character has a skill, much like real life. its really fun when played with another player. very well done. this is one series i wouldnt mind seeing 4 or 5 made ^_^"
,Recommended,254460,16864862,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mr. Kelligen,imma be honest i herd of this game at age of 16 now that i own it it lives up to the reputation as one of the best survival horror games featuring permadeath this combines Resident Evil and Silent Hill Gameplay with the focus of a Teen Horror film i higly recommend this game if your new to survival horror or a hardcore fan of horror games this game is worth the 6.99$
,Recommended,254460,15936189,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,jeenyusbyberth,"Any fan of Resident Evil will find it very reminiscent, however, in no way a clone.  This is a game and a story all its own."
76561198134085969,Recommended,254460,17630913,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Smiterageous,Angsty bro music + basketball simulator during opening sequence = 10/10 would play again.
76561198022891764,Recommended,254460,17948572,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,GAMEbusta,It was scary when I play this on the original xbox and I loved it despite the controls being mixed it was still worth it that it deserve a third game.
76561198131329136,Recommended,254460,17918318,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ohio's_Last_Rockstar,If the game is less then $5 its worth it.3rd person survival horror. Resident evil style game.I bought both games on sale for like $5!And they are cheesy but suprisingly fun.This game is almost too easy.easy but fun.6.5 outta 10.(would be a 7 outta 10 but not true widescreen. It's the best port; graphically.)
76561197992229015,Recommended,254460,31050986,Posted: 9 April,all,Dire,"The graphics are obviously dated now, and it takes a few minutes to ""get into"" the game, especially the combat, but once you've acclimated it gels quite nicely. It's more or less a 3rd person ""survival"" game. You're scavenging, fighting and solving puzzles. Light is your friend. The game has a linear progression path, but the gameworld itself is mostly open, once you have found the respective keys. You can choose between 4 (later 5) characters, whereby you're always moving as a duo and you can also freely switch between the 2 you take with you. In theory every character has a special ability that make the game easier, practically you can just play as whoever you want. I stuck with my main character and the hot chick and had no problems. The AI companion is mostly useless anyway and at the very end even a burden, so I would not take one to the final boss, unless you want them to die and yes, there is perma death in this game. Every character can die. Luckily you can just load an older save to avert virtual perma death. Saving is done ONLY manually via CDs found in the game, so there is a limited number of saves you can have, but in the end I had over 10 saves left, so shouldn't be too much of a problem. Just remember that the game NEVER auto saves.The atmosphere is pretty good, still. Voice acting and story acting in general are terrible though. Well, it's a pretty old game after all. I also forgot how short it was. You can complete it easily in 4-5 hours. Buy during a deep sale. Worked flawlessly under Win 10 for me."
,Recommended,254460,31063580,Posted: 10 April,all,BLINKeu,"not reccommend for whos doesn't have xbox(or x-input) controllerkeyboard control was pretty ..lame&mouse completely disfunctional in this game____btw, this game was great so far(i used to play on ps2 before ..it's f*** awesome)"
,Recommended,254460,31084848,Posted: 11 April,all,Daeslender,"This game is really great. I remember I used to watch my sister play it when I was younger. Then I got the ps2 version and completed it various times with all the characters alive. It's one of the best survival horrors I've ever played. The soundtrack is just perfect. The monster design is awesome. The atmosphere is really creepy, in fact this game still scares me today. The map design is also really good. And the graphics are very good. It was good back in ps2's times and they are still good today. I still have some hope for a third part in the series, but I guess we'll never get it..."
76561197982565433,Recommended,254460,31129554,Posted: 13 April,all,ruwagrong,"Fun with two player co-op. Not very scary, but decent gameplay. The deaths are funny though."
76561198068154011,Recommended,254460,31379835,Posted: 26 April,all,Buddhakingpen,"Personally i love this game. It takes me back to when i was a kid playing the original resident evil. Silly horror tropes, terrible voice acting, effective jump scares, asinine puzzle solving. Its all there. Only they got rid of the tank controls everyone hates. Is the story ""good""? Not really. But its serviceable. Is the gameplay ""good""? Not really.But its serviceable.  But you dont play old school horror games for either of those. Its about execution of atmosphere, which this game nails. Fully recommend if 90's horror is a thing you enjoy.If it isnt, this may not be for you. Everything is archaic at this point in time, considering how old the game is, the combat is as simple as it gets, and the puzzles are the basic ""find the key for this door by solving this puzzle that has something to do with that random note you found and probably didnt pay attention to"". These are actually the charms of these types of games, but they arent for everyone.Subjectively, i'd give this game an 8/10 Objectively, it'd get something around a 4/10. Theres a huge disparity between what a general modern gamer is looking for, and what specific kinds of people like. So if anything i've said sounds attractive to you, go for it and get both obscure games. You'll enjoy yourself. If your standards for gaming are a modern day triple A blockbuster, stay far, far away."
,Recommended,254460,31402688,Posted: 27 April,all,FakeHedgehog,"What can I say about obscure? It's like silent hill without the imagination. While horror games often have clunky combat and odd controls Obscure is missing the character that other survival horrors possess. The level design is really basic and repetitive. While Leafmore High is a realistic depiction of a school it doesn't make a good video game map. The AI behaviour is laughable, the voice acting is dire and the story is ok at best.Despite all this, I enjoyed my time playing Obscure. It has enough unique ideas that it may surprise you once or twice and never pretends to be anything other then a horror cliche. If you're tired of the first person stealth gameplay that modern horror games provide you might just enjoy Obscure. Though I'd recommend Resident Evil first."
76561198371009329,Recommended,254460,31566450,Posted: 5 May,all,xIEMBIxCRNACx,"Awesome horror game :)played it on ps2 and it was one of my favorite childhood gamespros:good story,dark atmosphere, everythingcons: controls"
,Recommended,254460,34744790,Posted: 4 September,all,OcuVetH,"This game is incredible. Very reminiscent to the old Resident Evil style games, all while being it's own unique game."
76561198129936651,Recommended,254460,34747002,Posted: 4 September,all,kokiri1232,"Obscure is a unique underrated horror game. The story, it starts with Kenny who decides to stay late in the gem to shoot some hoops he then goes to pick up this cell and talk to his girlfriend.As he does someone takes his gem bag. Kenny goes and tries to catch him, but winds up in a basement where he is locked up. Soon his sister and his friends go looking for him. But all is right with this school.Now for the game itself. It’s got good gameplay some good scars, but that motley comes from the monsters and from some of the notes you get and some of the story too.You play as four then five people Josh, Stan, Shannon, Ashley, and latter Kenny. Who have all different abilities, like lock picking, healing more and ability to find useful stuff.You can only play with two at a time, but you can pick witch ones at any time as long as you are near one of them to switch too. Or you can go it alone it’s up to you.The AI is okay, but sometimes when you need help they don’t help sometime. Plus when I was attacking that big blob monster with my laser gun and I ask them to wait they would run near it and get attacked.There were some glitches in the game, but nothing game braking.All so there were no bosses but the find boss witch is sad, I like bosses in games.Then there was the fact you can only be healed by power drink or first add. I mean they could have added one more heal thing like drinking water. And the camera can take a little bit of getting used too.But all in all this game is a very good old school horror game, and like I said in my review of Could Fear. I would like a remake of this game someday.So if you want a fun underrated old school Horror game this one is for you.But tell me what you guys and girls think."
76561198003424820,Recommended,254460,34940806,Posted: 13 September,all,Saragan,"Absolutely love this game!In the more recent years it seems as though games have lost touch with what they should be....enjoyable. Games have went to focusing on the video quality but not the quality of the game itself. What made games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill so great was the enjoyment they gave people when they first came out, they were challenging and creepy but, still managed to be enjoyable. Very few games can do that these days. Even Resident Evil and Silent Hill have diluted their own stories so much they might as well go ahead and name the games they come out with something else and just start over (don't get me wrong, RE7 was great and Silent Hills looked amazing but, they still didn't play or feel like their originals, the games that got them this far).This game captured all of it. It had the great enviroments, the amazing settings and atmosphere, the story was really well done, the game controls were clunky at times but not enough to really disrupt the game, (although I did plug in a controller to finish it). The cast of characters was enjoyable, the journey never felt tiresome or tedious, the puzzles were never so difficult that you had to look anything up online or rack your brain over for hours to figure out. You always knew what your path was and the game continued along smoothly the whole time. The camera angles were a little rough sometimes, but not to the point that it sets you up for failure.  I'm definately going to pick up Obscure 2 and play it once I finish doing everything I'm doing with this one. If you're worried about it being campy or corny....just remember the first Resident Evil's dialogue contained ""Jill Sandwich"" and look at how well it did. In my opinion, it's a great game and has quickly jumped up in my list of all time favorites and most enjoyable!"
,Recommended,254460,34857383,Posted: 10 September,all,WonDerFool-,"This game is very fun and full of puzzles, the story is almost same as Silent Hill Origins,I hope that Obscure : The Aftermath more challenging..Thanks You"
76561198098229578,Recommended,254460,34866687,Posted: 10 September,all,BadlyDrawnFox,"Loved this game when I was younger and it still holds it's own today (in certain ways). Graphics aren't great. Camera angles aren't great. Voice acting is REALLY not great. Gameplay isn't that great either (you need a control pad and will probably need to remap buttons). It's really not a very long game either, you'll be able to complete it within a few (2-3) hours if you know what you're doing... But the ambience is spot on and the game makes great use of light and music.There are a lot of negatives about this game and specifically the port, but if you're a fan of a good survival horror game then don't let these put you off. Especially if it's on sale. For the pirce I paid, I feel that the game is worth it and I still really enjoyed playing it through agin, which is why I am recommending this game. Would definitely be interested in a remake/revamp of the title though!"
,Recommended,254460,35056920,Posted: 18 September,all,Drain,"Drain's full LP of the game:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGYTSvZvuRkHNCcGqFRMr34jxrTlP_3ZhHaving never played the well named ""Obscure"" games, digging these up felt like finding lost gems. Despite their commercial failures, they are not bad games. They have somewhat decent stories, and are comparable to older horror games. Since this genre is now a dumpster fire of Twitch jump scares and hiding in lockers; it was nice to play true horror games again. I only wish I played these back when they were new, as they certainly haven't aged well. Overall, I recommend the games if you consider yourself an explorer of the horror genre.COPYRIGHT WARNING: If you record these, Obscure 2 will get claimed at certain part in a story cutscene. Luckily Youtube was able to remove this one without a fuss (although it screwed up the audio for several minutes), but I'm still going to mention it."
76561198357812392,Recommended,254460,35456451,Posted: 3 October,all,SourSouls,"Ok, I'll make it short and sweet. Cheesy high school horror game I played it when it came out, loved it! bought it again still fun!! Pure gold for old school horror fans."
