user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,254700,15846133,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mister Fiend Zero,"WHAT ARE YOU BUYING?WHAT ARE YOU SELLING?AH, I'LL BUY IT AT A HIGH PRICE!Seriously, I've bought this game across five? platforms, it's still one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,254700,15861395,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,nek0,"Resident Evil 4 is nine years old, and still the best action game I've ever played. It's still thrilling when I nail four Ganados with a single shotgun blast, still tense when I face down a relentless Iron Maiden before it impales me with deadly spikes. I'm on edge even when I know I'm safe, still creeped out by the foreboding pressure Resident Evil 4 constantly exerts through its thumping industrial soundtrack and grim environments.Most of the time, this updated HD version of Resident Evil 4 is the best version of the game I've played, and I beat it on both the GameCube and the Playstation 2. I wish it were perfect, but it's not quite there, occasional moments of slowdown and a few interface issues are minor flaws in an otherwise fantastic port.The most significant additions Capcom made to this version of Resident Evil 4—higher definition textures and a locked 60 fps framerate—are both adjustable in the graphics options settings. The game defaults to the new HD textures and 60 frames per second, but also includes the original textures and a 30 fps option.There's a problem with that locked 60 fps, though. If anything causes the game to dip below 60, which happened to me multiple times in my playthrough, it starts moving in slow motion.Even with intermittent slowdown issues on older hardware, I'd call this the definitive version of Resident Evil 4.60 fps feels as smooth as it should. And Resident Evil 4 itself feels as impeccably designed as ever, a high point against which other third-person shooters should be judged.Resume: Resident Evil 4 is still a masterful shooter nine years later. Occasional slowdown caused by the locked 60 fps framerate hampers an otherwise great port."
,Recommended,254700,9287841,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[AReV]Nomed,"(TLDR? This review is also available in video format if you scroll down.)Nine years have passed since Resident Evil 4’s initial release on the GameCube and it still holds up quite well. It’s a massively influential game that helped pioneer the third person shooter genre as well as completely changed the face of survival horror.You’ll once again fill the shoes of Leon Kennedy as he searches for the President's missing daughter, Ashley, in a remote area of Spain. She’s being held by a mysterious cult, known as the Los Illuminados who are utilizing a mind-controlling parasite called Las Plagas in order to gain power. The village that Leon first comes across is filled with infected townsfolk aptly named Ganado or “herd” in English, who are hell-bent on stopping Leon.Resident Evil 4 continues the tradition of offering an eccentric and ridiculous narrative that successfully links some of the franchise's biggest characters to its events but also stands well enough on its own that newcomers are not left scratching their heads.The controls are solid and responsive but may feel somewhat strange to those that are accustomed to modern third person shooters. Leon is unable to move and shoot at the same time and must remain stationary when aiming. The camera also obscures a lot of your surroundings, adding to the overall tension and horror.When it comes to the gameplay and combat, the Plagas-infected enemies present a satisfying challenge. They will relentlessly pursue Leon, often trying to flank him. Removing an enemies’ head will often just allow the Plagas themselves to emerge and engage Leon directly or swing around from the host’s neck. The enemies react appropriately to each wound, dropping their weapons or stumbling rewarding your aim with purpose and control. Shield bearing cult members and blind mutants with massive claws that must be dispatched by killing the parasites on their backs also refresh the enemy roster. Several satisfying boss fights provide the cherry on top of the Resident Evil 4 gameplay experience. It also features a great inventory management and upgrade system, allowing you to customize various weapons to suit your play style.The greater focus on action does mean that scares are less frequent than they were in previous entries. Wandering around a hedge maze with Plagas infested wolves waiting to jump out of bushes and seeking keys whilst being pursued by wheezing, seemingly unstoppable regenerators are some of Resident Evil 4's few terrifying highlights during its three acts. While the first two acts are brilliantly executed, the third act loses a bit of momentum at parts, focusing more on action opposed to horror. This handful of minor grimace worthy moments is largely lost amidst the rest of the experience which will take most players fifteen or more hours on their first playthrough.As if the main campaign wasn't long enough, Assignment Ada offers additional content as a mini game through the third act where you collect five samples of the Las Plagas parasite. Mercenaries mode challenges players to survive and kill as many enemies as possible. It's an addictive mode that would go on to become a staple of the franchise by enticing players with a risk/reward system, stringing together kills gives players a multiplier and breaking hourglasses extends the time of the session, providing a greater opportunity to post a high score.  It’s a challenging variant on the gameplay that requires mastery of each stage to unlock further content and rewards. With these additional modes, it's really easy to get thirty hours of entertainment from Resident Evil 4. If that’s not enough, there’s also a Separate Ways campaign which acts as a mini scenario B filling in Ada’s perspective of the story with new bosses, viewpoints and a new area to complete substantially fleshing out the story.The muted, earth tone rich Spanish village that serves as Resident Evil 4's setting is a massive departure from the dark, claustrophobic and sinister mansion from the first game and the post-apocalyptic city scape of the second and third games. When it was first released, Resident Evil 4 was one of the most impressive graphical showcases of the Playstation 2 and Gamecube. With a 1080p resolution, a frame rate of 60 FPS and some rescaled textures, Resident Evil 4 looks better than ever. It still looks its age but is still capable of impressing. The atmosphere is as rich in 2014 as it was in 2005 but it's still the same game and some low-res textures can be found.Resident Evil 4 is a bittersweet experience, along with Half-Life 2, it helped foreshadow what was to come with new hardware as well as perfectly reinvigorating and updating a franchise that was in danger of losing its appeal as new hardware changed gamers expectations. In doing so however, Resident Evil 4 shifted the franchise's inertia toward action and with the next couple installments; Resident Evil would almost entirely forsake its horror roots. With the death of Resident Evil as a horror game, much of the survival horror genre fell into mediocrity with Dead Space being one of the few titles to successfully straddle the line between action and horror before becoming a victim of the same fate.Resident Evil 4 is one of the greatest games of the new millennium. It maintained enough of the elements of its predecessors to be identifiable as a Resident Evil game while otherwise reinventing the franchise. Its timeless gameplay, great art direction and mostly excellent bosses make it very playable almost a decade after its original release. If you haven't played Resident Evil 4, now is as good a time as any.TLDR? This review is also available in video format (I did the editing while my friend Josh handled the voice over):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv0UuIVS9NwWe also had a two hour discussion on Resident Evil after playing Resident Evil 6. We cover things like our favorite moments from the franchise as well as what changes we’d like to see in the future:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I243Zqf64bUPros:+ A solid port, Resident Evil 4 looks better than ever at 1080p and 60FPS.+ Amazing gameplay & enemy reactions+ Excellent Atmosphere & Environments+ Fantastic inventory and upgrade system+ Good balance of horror and action+ Great additional contentCons:- Somewhat weaker third act- Irritating Ashley AI- The beginning of the end (The success of Resident Evil 4 lead to the franchise shifting more towards the action side of things.)Note: A controller is strongly recommended. It also seems that quite a few people with AMD/ATI Processors and video cards have been experiencing some slow-down. I haven't had any technical difficulties running the game but I'm running an Intel I5 3570k and a GTX560TI. I imagine this issue will be patched shortly though for those experiencing it.Overall, Resident Evil 4 is a solid port and a must play. The 60 FPS is actually extremely noticeable when compared to the Xbox 360 and PS3 HD releases of the game, making it feel smoother than ever.If you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/"
76561198106324168,Recommended,254700,12521263,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Death Metal Koro,"One thing to get out of the way, if you do decide to buy this game, I highly recommend using an XBOX controller. It will make your life so much easier.Pro - The character models for the most part look very nice. Capcom has updated the models to make them sharper, crispier, and added new textures.- The framerate is now in 60FPS-Has all the extra from the re-releases of the game-Great texture mods are available (or will be)-Same great gameplay from 2005-1080pCon - Motion blur is beyond terrible,I highly recommend that you turn it off ASAP.-Only about 10% of the game has HD textures, the other 90% are old textures with a filter over it (2xSAL)-No new extras-You can't aim and walk (not an issue for me but might annoy you)-Tank controls (not an issue for me)-Might not run great on certain computers (runs fine on mine, GTX 880M, i7-4810MQ 2.8Ghz)Verdict-Overall, this is a great version of Resident Evil 4. I don't think Capcom has a reason to release this game again unless they are doing a full ""HD"" version (100% updated graphics, lighting, updated controls, ect..), but I am sure this will be the ""final"" version.-If you love RE4 or have never played it, then I highly suggest buying this game. This is one of the greatest video games of all time. It revolutionized the 3rd person shooter.- I am pretty disappointed at the ""HD"" in the title (it is a little misleading), but this is the ""definite"" version of RE4."
,Recommended,254700,12026832,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Beardingo,Inventory tetris mini game is great
,Recommended,254700,9285343,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,METAL-SLUG,Resident Evil 4 was (and still is!) a fantastic game originally released for the Nintendo Gamecube in 2005. Since then it has been ported to every system under the sun. A few good ports and bad(Original PC Version)STEAM VERSION:+ Fluid gameplay at fixed 30FPS or 60FPS+ Still a pretty good looking game+ High replay value for the asking price (£15)
,Recommended,254700,23568227,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Corvo,''I'll buy it at a high price''
,Recommended,254700,29189214,Posted: 11 January,all,Zyurat,For a town without firearms they sure have a lot of bullets laying around.
,Recommended,254700,32778675,Posted: 25 June,all,Sunny Senpai,"Pros:Undoubtedly The Best RE gameChallenging gameplayVery high replay valueDecent graphicsFinally 1080p @60 FPSVariety of game modesLeaderboardsMod supportCons:HD my♥♥♥♥♥Occasional fps hiccupsFrequent audio stutterSeperate Ways mode cutscenes aren't HDI have no idea how I even played this game back when it was first released, it's pretty hard9/10"
,Recommended,254700,12691528,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,w1zard,"I was 14 when this came out for gamecube, i played it at a friends house and begged my parents to buy me a gamecube the next day. It was the only game I owned for gamecube and i dont regret it almost 10 years later. Top 5 game of all time. 10/10"
76561198149761618,Recommended,254700,16430760,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,athily,"I bought it on GameCube, I bought it on PS2, I bought it on Wii, I bought it on Xbox 360, I bought it on PS3, and now I bought it on steam. Why don't I just give Capcom access to my bank account at all times? Seriously though, amazing game. Beaten it more times than I'm proud to admit. 10/10"
76561198135393788,Recommended,254700,28478099,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Timbobway,"So the game starts off with the blonde dude from el dorado getting lost in spain during the 1500's (I think?) while he is looking for some chick with tig ol' bitties. Afterkindlyasking the locals where he may find said boobies, he is locked up with the actor from mission impossible. Then he decides to go fishing, pet a couple of dogies, and remove a tumor from the big friendly giant. At this point, justin bieber is haveing an internal crises and decides to go to church and, what do ya know, big booty Bertha was here the whole time!1! Then they meet the pope, but in this universe the pope is actually the main vilian from assassins creed so he's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then they run allllllllll around the place and kill a bunch of dudes cause this game is rated M for Masacure and they find Tom Cruise again and then Tom emidiently leaves again, and then they remove another tumor from another giant (this game is actually the spiritual secsessor to surgion simulator) and then they fight the villiage cheese because he was actully ugly or something aND THE VILLIAGE CHSSES IS LIKE ""THIS ISNT EVEN MY FINALE FORM"" AND HE BREAKS OUT INTO HIVES AND HIS STOMACH GOES *CROOSHCI* AND HES LIKE TRYING TO KILL BRAD PITT AND THE WHOLE PLACE IS ON FIRE CASUE SOMEONE DROPPED MY MIXTAPE AND BRADD IS LIKE ""YIPPEEKYAY MOTHERF-"" AND THE WHOLE PLACE BLOWS UP AND THEn he gets the dragon ball. At this point, the locals dont want justin beebs in the villiage anymore so they chase him and his biotch to the nearby castle and the burger king comes out and hes like ""who were you excpeting, sportaflop?"" So now mario is running all around peaches castle trying to get the 210 stars or something and then he gets separated from peach but then he finds her again, also the pope kills Tom Cruise (looks like this mission...was impossible *laugh bit*). Lets see, what else happens, uhhhhh the dudes ex girlfriend shows up and leaves and shows up again and leaves and ummmm the princess is captured again and then you gotta fight an assassin bug thingy or somethingcan you say ""LSD"" ???and then after getting the head of a goat, a lion, and a snake (that♥♥♥♥♥♥ACTUALLY happens) you fight Napolean for the finale showdown and UH-OHHHHHHH!!!!!1!! TURNS OUT NAPOLEAN HAD ALL THE CHAOS EMERALDS AND BY SACRAFICING HIMSELF AND ON OTHER MOSTER, HE CAN SPECIAL SUMMON ANNACONDA IN ATTACK MODE! BUT He is easily killed by bullets. An eye for an eye amiright? *laugh bit* and then you get down to the docks and the crazy ex girlfriend is like ""sorry, but your princess is in another castle."" So she takes you to el Dorado which is actually doctor willey's lab. then she leaves again because. just because. So then the blonde guy is like ""I am a god and you must worship me"" but the locals say ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and then they start fighting but you win cause you came from spain and therefore you have guns and they dont. Then you find the princess and then you go dumptser diving and you fight like the most disgusting things ever and then you commence grand theft auto and steal truck and drive it into a building because you let the girl drive (dumbass) and then the princess is taken away like serioulsy put a leash on this chick! Then you fight a slug and JESUSS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS- OH MY GOD GET THAT THING THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY FROM ME I- i- oh man I almost vomited. I'm skipping the slug fight. Then you fight Rambo but in this universe Rambo is actually a♥♥♥♥♥♥(hey, i think ive uncovered a central theme in this game). so then a helicopter shows up and its like that scene from call of duty when the helicoper shows up and its like *BANG BANG BANG BANG* AND *SHHHHHHOOWW BOOOOOOM BOOM BBBBBOOMOOJOAJOMOJM* and it gets shot down because all good things must come to and end (or♥♥♥♥♥to an end if you know what im saying *cricket chirping*). and now its time for the finale showdown with the pope and hE TURNS INTO A-a-ummmmm, what the fu- what is he supposed to be? well, whatever, he has a big eyeball and therefore by zelda rules you must shoot its eye. And your girlfriend is all like ""its dangorous to go alone, take this"" and gives you an RPG and you pick it up and aim it at the bad guy and say ""knock knock, whose there? you're ugly"" and you fire the misille and the bad guys dying the music gets all sad and the women starts singing ""in the arrrrrrmmmms of an angle, fly awwwwaaaaaayyyy!"" and then the crazy ex girlfriend pushes the self destruct button because thats how the road to El Derado ends right? and so the dude and saggy♥♥♥♥♥♥get on the boat and leave the island and use a jet ski to get back to America, or most likely to be eaten by sharksoverall, I give this book a 9/10Its deffinantly in my top ten and maybe even top five games of all time."
,Recommended,254700,15878662,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lucasif The Odd,"Why did Capcom think giving resident evil 4 a lower case R was a good idea? Seriously, you have any idea how stupid that lower case letter looks in my steam library?"
,Recommended,254700,9937070,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Looking back at Resident Evil 4 it's almost startling how good this game ended up. It was in development for a really long time, shifted between completely different concepts and almost ended up scrapped a few times.Yet it pulled through, and became one of the most notable action games of the 6th generation. I say action game because that was what made Resi 4 so good.Resi 4 does not take place in the 'states like it's predecessors. Nor do you ever fight zombies. Instead you fight infected villagers. The dev team actually did this in a very unique way. Because of how the game employs a manual aiming system, firing at different body parts produces different reactions from enemies. Like you can stumble an enemy running at you by shooting him in the legs. This provides immense amounts of strategy to fighting enemies. Adding to that enemies will work together and use the environment against you.The atmosphere was extraordinary, the enemies were engaging and the combat was slick and new. Resi 4 might have not aged very well in the last 10 years, but it still leaves an impact that lasts a long time."
,Recommended,254700,19922696,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kthulhu,"We have the supervillain team of Dracula, Napoleon, Rambo, Bin Laden, and the Alien-Predator hybrid involved in a scheme to kidnap the President's daughter and infest her with telepathic parasites that make your head explode when you are shot in the big toe. They are opposed by Leon ""Solid Snake"" Kennedy, who has codec support from Ingrid ""I'm not Meryl!"" Hunnigan and a Spanish guy who gets impaled by Dracula's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥approximately midway through the game. Dracula's plan is to infect the chimpanzee-human hybrid that is the President's daughter with the parasites so that they can send her home to infest the President himself. They successfully infest her. One would think they would then simply let Leon save her, simplifying the process and making her reappearance less suspicious. But no. Dracula's minions apparently think the best way to deal with Ashley and Leon is to kill them. Despite the fact that this completely invalidates Dracula's plan. Some of Dracula's minions are cave trolls that he has imported from Middle-Earth...they must be the ones doing the planning that doesn't come directly from Dracula. So anyhow, Leon goes to a village, which is pretty fun. Then he goes to a castle, which gets kinda boring. Finally he goes to an island, which sucks. Also, Dracula turns into a giant spider and then dies."
,Recommended,254700,17491028,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Resident Evil 4 was released in 2005 for GameCube and was later released on other platforms. It looks like Capcom wanted to significantly improve its visuals for the second PC port as the first PC port was released in 2007. The graphics are sharper than ever and the gameplay is very good, although a few small problems exist.This game has been enhanced for 1080p resolution at 60FPS. There is keyboard and mouse support with the ability to customize the keys. Resident Evil 4 HD comes with the Separate Ways campaign to increase replay value. The keyboard and mouse work very well together, but sometimes the laser targeting is not perfect and that can lead to problems when there are multiple enemies near you or when a large boss monster is approaching.The plot of the game begins with the kidnapping of Ashley Graham, the daughter of the president of the United States. Leon Kennedy, the well-known protagonist of the series, has been sent to a village in Spain to rescue Ashley. What happens in the Spanish village is that there is a religious cult that has released an ancient parasite called Las Plagas on to the countryside. The religious cult does not consist of zombies like other Resident Evil games. You begin fighting ganados, a group of foes who carry pitchforks and are both males and females. Later, you will meet darker and tougher foes known as cultists, religious zealots who wear red or black robes.As Leon progresses through the story, there will be memos explaining the plan of the cult known as the Illuminados. These memos keep you well informed of the plot and it seems to get darker and darker. The environments are appropriately creepy as Leon looks for Ashely. Resident Evil 4 retains the series’ history of creepy and dark locales. There are misty forests, decrepit houses, moldy caverns, a large castle, and military facilities. The locales display diversity so that there is no monotony. Leon is joined by other characters like Luis Sera and the Ada Wong. Luis Sera is a local citizen who is willing to help Leon. Leon engages in a long shooting with the ganados while Mr. Sera helps out in this long battle. Ada Wong is a familiar figure to Resident Evil fans and has had a long relationship with Leon. There are bits and pieces of the script that indicate past romances and rivalries. However, the plot keeps you at the edge of your seat at all times, which is the way it should be for a Resident Evil game.The graphical enhancements of the diverse locales are what make this game feel like it is not so old. The details of Leon, his allies, and enemies are impressively sharp and well defined. The walls of the castle look extremely realistic. You can see the dust falling from the ceiling of caverns that make the caverns both realistic and creepy. The textures look amazing in high resolution, but in some cases they look a little bit archaic and out of place. However, the details of the textures are sharp enough to outweigh any archaic look you may find. Military facilities make you feel like that there is a nasty experiment going on while it also feels abandoned.The bosses are diverse and require you to figure out their main weaknesses in order to defeat them. One issue that pops up in boss battles and in other parts of the game is the quick time events. Sometimes you have to press two buttons at once very quickly to avoid key attacks or avoid deadly traps. It can feel awkward trying to press the X + C keys or the two mouse buttons while using the WASD keys in tense circumstances. While it is appropriate to have tense circumstances in a Resident Evil game, it can get frustrating trying to press two keys at once but dying in the process because of you are not able to press the buttons in time. Another issue that comes up is the laser targeting of the firearms. There are times when the laser targeting takes time to be accurate while one or more enemies are quickly approaching you. Also, the laser can twitch in the spur of the moment, leading to more difficult encounters with the various types of enemies and possible waste of ammo. Ammo is always at a premium in the game, so twitching is a bad thing in a game like this.All firearms can be upgraded by visiting the various merchants that stand around waiting for you. Upgrading your weapons will make your shots noticeably more powerful. You can upgrade your weapons to the max so that you can be an “exclusive” weapon that will be far more powerful than the weapon you fully upgraded. The challenge is to find the pesetas scattered throughout the locales and dropped by the enemies. You will have to quite a bit of searching for pesetas and treasures with lots of value if you want to upgrade any of your firearms to the max.There is some randomness when it comes to shooting enemies, especially in the head. Some ganados and cultists will simply fall to their deaths with a headshot. Other enemies will show their Plagas, spider-like figures that emerge from their necks, and continue to try to attack you. You can either fire a shotgun at their Plagas or use a flash grenade to finally finish them off. There are encounters that require crowd control, so you can use different types of grenades to bring some relief to these tense encounters.Other enemies that are interesting and horrific include garradores, colmillos, and regenerators. The garradores do not attack unless they hear your sound and are blind. Their only weakness is the Plagas shown on their backs. Colmillos are terrifying dogs that can jump on top of you by surprise. Regenerators are special monstrosities in that you can only use a sniper rifle with an infrared scope to locate and shoot their Plagas on their torso.Resident Evil 4 is worth playing for its diverse locations, creepy atmosphere, and tense encounters. The nail biting gameplay lives up to what Resident Evil fans expect from a Resident Evil game. The high resolution graphics make the PC version the definitive version to play.My Score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,254700,9285170,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Leon S. Kennedy,"Do I really even need to write something here? Alright, if you insist.I reckon most of you are already familiar with this title from one of the previous releases. For those who aren't, well let's just say the trailer didn't lie about it being one of the highest rated games in history. Even if it has been nine years now, it still manages to retain the entertainment aspect. Speaking of this port in particular however, it is a much needed improvement over the previous release. The only thing I was disappointed with was that mouse aim isn't exactly responsive or so you will think when you first attempt to play the game while making use of a mouse. But truth is it just takes some time to get used to. If it was done any other way the game would be far too easy considering the nine year old AI's capabilities or more precisely lack of such.But here's what you really are reading this for...As far as ports go everything is top notch in terms of technical execution!Just as with all the previous Resident Evil ports that have been done by Capcom themselves.EDIT: Turns out the issue with the 60 FPS arose from the fact that it had used my integrated card which I didn't even consider because the game was running perfectly fine unless switched to 60 FPS. So basically if you experience issues with the 60 FPS setting, then just make sure it is actually using your high performance video card."
76561198030059112,Recommended,254700,9285672,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,DS Dad,could not fit a Black Bass in my Inventory 10/10
76561198033477814,Recommended,254700,14164586,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Eskimo,Weed and deodorant are your only health options.
,Recommended,254700,15427028,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,serotone,my favourite part of this game is the item tetris. nothing more tense then getting ambused and immediately pausing the game and dicking around with grenades and eggs
76561198017213185,Recommended,254700,30178784,Posted: 25 February,all,雨,"I've been playing this game since 2005.Gamecube - ✔PS2 - ✔Wii - ✔Xbox 360 - ✔Playstation 4 - ✔It's pretty much the perfect action game. Well known for it's brilliant pacing, extremely refined shooting mechanics, and the OCD nightmare that is the inventory system, it changed the RE series by changing the view point to an over the shoulder perspective, rather than static. This is now the standard for pretty much any third person game. Gears of War, Mass Effect, GTA V, The Last Of Us, Uncharted... I could go on. But I won't.GraphicsSolid 1080p, 60/30 FPS modes, AF filters and various texture settings. It still looks pretty clean for a game from 2005.SoundThe original SFX/Music on the Gamecube actually sounded good. However, on nearly every subsequent port they were compressed beyond belief. You'll be pleased to hear these are fully uncompressed. They sound like crap by today's standards, but again, 2005.GameplayShoot Spanish people - Recieve money and ammunition - Buy upgrades and new weapons.It's a simple mechanic, but it really does flow unbelievably well. As I said before, the pacing is incredible. The quieter moments at the start are very quickly offset by dudes with chainsaws and Las Plagas head spiders/crabs, not to mention the frequent areas of respawning enemies.Overall it's still a fantastic game, well worth the purchase price. There is however, a new glitch introduced in this version. Some sort of desync or FPS related problem with the rifle reloads. Turns out they were never coded for 60 FPS, and as a result still plays at 30 FPS, which looks dreadful. But I'm a complete fanboy, and I don't use the rifles anyway.乁། ˵ ◕ – ◕ ˵ །ㄏ"
76561198262814734,Recommended,254700,25010006,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,poyas2674,"Merchant: Whaddaya buyin'?me: Resident Evil 4Merchant: Stranger, stranger, now that's a game worth buying.me: I know, I'm buying it for the fourth time now."
,Recommended,254700,20030959,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nexttron,"TL;DR Resident Evil 4 and its HD port onto Steam is great. For those that played the game back on the GameCube or PS2, everything is still here and better than ever. Those that are new, enjoy a game that is both action oriented, and horror inducing in all the best ways.[ + ]Gameplayis great. While common nowadays, back in 2005 the third person view with close in laser aim was revolutionary, and games like Dead Space and Evil Within owe thanks to this game. Something else I believed RE4 popularized was QTE's, which are used quite frequently throughout the game. I was never a fan of QTE's, and while this game had it's good ones, there were plenty of bad ones as well.[ + ]Graphics, like the gameplay, were amazing back in '05. That being said this game still looks great thanks to the HD port. 1080p with 60 FPS on top of HD textures really help the game look in its prime condition. Animations are also something I look for while playing games, and Capcom did a great job in making everything move and look like it should.[ + ]Plotsurprisingly good. Older RE games focused on two things, survive and escape. While RE4 doesn't mess with that formula, it does change it up some. Leon being tasked with rescuing the President's daughter, is on a hunt to find her in rural Europe, then find a way out once that task is completed. The main / side characters I found to be interesting, while a couple others do get annoying as the game goes on.[ + ]Atmosphereholds true to the RE games, and really brings in something new of its own from the very beginning. From woods, to villages, to castles, to an island, they all give off the same creepy vibe of something not being right. You'll encounter scary enemies, fight tough bosses, solve puzzles, and fight to stay alive. Keeping true to the series.[ + ]Soundis standard in this game. The guns sound good, enemies sound scary, and music is average. But the save room music in this game, like all RE games is so...mystic and mesmerizing. It’s hard to describe and really stands out that much to me, giving me an eerily safe feeling before heading back out into that dangerous unknown.[ + ]AIis good. While Ashley's character is generally seen as an annoyance, she does well to stick close by you and never stray far when danger is close. That doesn't make her any less annoying, but, there's at least no unnecessary frustration. Enemies are actually pretty smart too. They'll move out of the way to avoid getting shot, and will dodge, leap, and climb to get to you.[ - ]Puzzlesgot dumbed down this time around. This was intentional I believe, since the game was going more run and gun, rather than stop and think. There are quite a few puzzles in the game, but only two I found to be challenging. The rest involved simply finding an item or pushing a button to open whatever door / path that blocked the way.-----------------------------------------------------------------As a kid, this was the first horror game I managed to beat on my own. The reason behind that was because even though this game was scary to me, it was so fun I had to push through and finish it. I went on to beat it over 50 more times on my old GameCube version. A truly great game, and one that should be played by the avid gamer, along with the other classic RE games."
,Recommended,254700,10631357,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,IHaeTypos,"After the abysmal port that was the PC version of RE4, this new release is fantastic. Customizable keyboard controls as well as controller support with both 'classic' and 'modern' sensitivity modes make the gameplay easy for veterans and newcomers. Constant patches from the devs keep the game improving, and the updated HD looks incredible. This game merges shooting tons of enemies with a huge amount of unlockables. No DLC here; all the content is in the game already, waiting to be unlocked. This game was and still is the prime example of a good video game: great gameplay and great replayability. Buy this if you've beaten it 15 times on previous versions like myself, or if you have never played it before. It will reinvent what you think a video game should be like."
,Recommended,254700,17870788,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Buff Beefbroth,"Not just the best Resident Evil, but one of the best games of all time. Basically unrivaled even today for its pacing, variety, style, and replayability. A masterclass in game design."
,Recommended,254700,32878376,Posted: 27 June,all,Juho,"""Leon!!!""""Leon! Help!""""Help! Help me, Leon!"""
,Recommended,254700,9295068,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Daamien,I upskirt Ashley with my rifle and she called me a pervert! 11/10
,Recommended,254700,26567991,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GTA D55,"President daugther kidnapped?best send a police with herbs, a gun with 16 bullets and a knife...lol10/10"
,Recommended,254700,34265111,Posted: 15 August,all,Faithless,"President's daughter has been kidnapped. Send 1 guy with a pistol and some herbs to save her.Greatest game ever made, also the single best resident evil title ever. This is one of those games everyone should play at least once in their lifetime. I'll never stop praising it.Great storyline, great gunplay, creatures you face in this game are scarier than those in your worst nightmares. Best of all, you're alone most of the time, going one man army on everyone and everything that defies you. It's very challenging, especially on professional, but never unfair if you're prepared enough. Just like every Capcom game you have quick time events which are very infuriating at some points of the game, but nothing game breaking. Lines characters say are super cheesy sometimes which just adds more layer to an already outstanding game. Also has by far the best inventory management in any game ever, it's worth playing this game just for that function alone. Real OCD simulator. Enivronment layout is just astonishing in this game, so many secrets to find, you'll never find yourself in a dull place.Almost everyone is complaining how this port is terrible yada yada, but I haven't had many problems with it. On the tehnical aspect now, I've played on 60 fps with 0 issues but by the time I foughtDel Lagoit felt like I was moving in slow motion, and of course if it was raining I'd get the same effect, locking the fps back to 30 will solve it and any further problems, graphics will become slightly worse, but if you're playing a gem like this for the graphics, you're not gonna enjoy it much anyway."
,Recommended,254700,27951933,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PinheiroHazard,What are you buying?
,Recommended,254700,31845255,Posted: 19 May,all,anilEhilated,"An accurate depiction of the peaceful and tranquil life in rural Spain, complete with a tour through the local historic sites and helpful locals teaching you the basics of the language as you play."
76561198016687725,Recommended,254700,9337881,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TheSchaeff,shot a crow got a grenade 10/10
,Recommended,254700,12271793,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Alright let's get the nonsense out of the way first.As Leon Kennedy, you have to rescue the president's daughter, kill small-time Saddler, and shoot nearly a thousand not-zombies in the face. This is one of the best games ever made.See? Easy peasy fo' sheezy. Millions of people know that this game is totally great, and it's a waste of everyone's time for me to write a long review. Still, I feel obligated to write SOMETHING, because RE4 is that damn good.RE4 is nearly 10 years old now, and it only seems to get better with age. It's a third-person shooter that has managed to carve out the perfect identity. It's the definition of a classic. But why is that? What is it that RE4 does so well that makes it a genre-defining masterpiece?Let's start with something basic, sound-direction. One of the most basic ideas RE4 has is that when enemies are nearby, music plays. When the music stops, that means all of the enemies are dead. This is the moment when you can release that tension. RE4 is also one of those games where you're actively harming yourself by playing music over the in-game tunes. Your view is very limited, and all you really have to keep track of your surroundings are your ears. This isn't something you'll notice in RE5 or RE6 because 95% of the time you have a partner. In RE4 your ears are going to pick up every grunt, every foot-step, every little noise, and it's going to save your life.Speaking of partners, I honestly think Ashley is underrated. Yeah ok ""LEEEOOOOOOOOOOON"" gets obnoxious, but it's to be expected. This girl is way out of her element, and protag is the only person she can trust(and vice-versa I suppose, if you don't count the merchant). There's all sorts of little moments that make her welcome company. Whenever you do something cool like shoot a hatchet out of the air, she does a little fist-pump. If there is an enemy behind you, she's going to notice. She serves as a good distraction, is quick to get behind you or duck under your gun. The most dangerous areas also tend to leave nice places for Ashley to hide. Still, I dunno...maybe I just appreciate when she's around. It's like I'm getting a psychological buff. It's easy to forget that with all the♥♥♥♥♥Leon is kicking, that the situation he and Ashley are in is well and truly screwed. Any moment where it feels like things are going right is worth holding onto.The controls and mechanics still hold up perfectly. While having all the cool diving moves in RE6 is really nice, there's something to be said about methodically evading all sorts of stuff by walking ever so slightly to the side and/or backwards. It really gives you a feel of just how much weight goes into each encounter. Movement is just so focused and creates the right amount of context. Where you stand determines so much of the enemy's behavior.  It's like an arcade beatemup. Sure you can walk right up and punch everyone, but you're bound to take a bunch of damage in the process. The trick is to move around enough so that your foes are ""herded"". They're in the right position and distance for you to deal with them appropriately. Losing track of enemies is dangerous, because they could get behind you, approach your sides, and then it's back to relying on your ears as well as your eyes to restore some sort of order.There's a lot to be said about making do with what you're given, which is where RE4 also shines. A lot of shooters have to push the ""variety"" angle to keep encounters interesting. There's always a new type of enemy, different victory conditions, or just some gimmick. Much of RE4 is spent in combat, and these combat situations are typically Leon in an area surrounded by enemies. Early on he has to rely on blocking doors, throwing down ladders, just to keep enemies at bay. As his arsenal improves he's expected to take fight directly to the enemy, also relying on his advanced maneuverability to stay one step ahead. When old doors close, new ones open, that's what keeps a game engaging, not doing something different at every moment. RE4 knows exactly when to create moments that are actually special, not just different. They're memorable, but unless you're replaying the game you won't have to deal with them again. Whether it's just business as usual or these special moments, the core mechanics and design of RE4 are front and center. It's astonishing just how well Capcom/Mikami gets it.RE4 also features one of the best campaigns of any time. I'd say it's at just the right length. Some would claim that the game runs a bit too long, and that some parts could trimmed or even cut entirely. This is not something I can agree with.  Nothing really feels wasted in this game. Like okay there's a kinda dumb moment where you use a crane to drop enemies into the garbage disposal. This part of the game follows shortly after discovering the regenerators and (hopefully) finding the means to destroy them. Having a goofy little moment where you toss a few las plagas in the garbage is...kinda nice. Pacing isn't always just pushing for everything to move as quickly as possible. Even very late in the game RE4 has time to throw ideas around. Unfortunately, this probably says more about the rushed nature that game development is all too easy prey for. The end levels tend to be pushed together. The only intention is that hopefully everything doesn't fall apart. RE4 had seemingly all the time in the world to get everything right and it shows.Back to what I said about the perfect identity. First off, no disrespect to RE5 and RE6. I really enjoy and love those games as well, but they're not RE4. What makes this game such a classic is not something that can be replicated. Even if you could somehow get prime Mikami and top-of-their-game-era Capcom together again and tasked them with doing a 1:1 sequel to RE4, you'd still end up with a lesser title. RE4 is a product of its time, it has limitations, and in a way it makes those into strengths. Sure I'd be curious to see how RE4 part 2 would play with RE6 controls, but it wouldn't be the same.  I guess conceptually it'd be an improvement, but in practice...I don't think it could work. Leon dashing around like he was in a zombie-infested Vanquish sequel? Yeah not feeling that either.Anyway to sum it all up, play through RE4 again. Appreciate it like you never have before. We'll never see another game quite like it."
,Recommended,254700,34998899,Posted: 16 September,all,Kyoya242,100%ed this game on PS2100%ed this game on crappy Ubisoft PC Port100%ed this game on Wii100%ed this game on Xbox 360and now on my way 100%ing this game on Steami give this game a 100% merchant out of 10 merchant
,Recommended,254700,13051967,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mr. Underhill,"The first (and probably the best) of the ""new"" generation of Resident Evil games and the last one to actually be ""survival-horror"" as far as I'm concerned (and it still doesn't feel quite as frightening as the original trilogy). Still, the series needed a breath of fresh air around when it was released and it updates the combat mechanics of the game while not making it too much like any other shooter game with monsters. It usually pulls off feeling challenging but fair, although there are a few cheap parts where you are almost guaranteed to mess up at least once.The story remains captivating throught the game and serves its purpose of keeping the player engaged although there are a few instances of ""cutscene stupidity"" (mostly involving a certain girl getting captured...multiple times...).There's also a fair bit a latitute as far as weapons go once you get futher into the game, with a variety of pistols, shotguns, rifles and some more specialized weapons you can choose from to suit your playstyle. Each of them has certain strengths and weaknesses that can be exploited.As always, the music stays true to the series standard of setting the mode of each area, becoming mysterious, nervous and frantic at the appropriate times (and of course, some of the most disturbing segments are when it ceases playing entirely).My biggest compaint is probably the overuse of quicktime events both within and outside of cutscenes. This is a personal pet peeve of mine, and I think they often mar some otherwise great games. Sometimes this is tastefully employed in RE 4; however, there is one particular scene late in the game that reveals important information concerning the plot which is basically one continous quicktime event. Suffice to say, if you keep dying during the same scene it gets old fast. It's pretty safe to say that if you enter a cutscene, you need to be ready to hit buttons "" just in case.""Ultimately, RE 4 is a great game, even if it doesn't follow exactly in the spirit of the earlier titles (although argubably, with 5 and 6 out now that spirit is now irrevocably changed anyway). For instance, you didn't feel like an complte badass like Leon S. Kennedy apparently is with his acrobatics and roundhouse kicks:  each and every foe could mean death in 1-3, while this is only a concern with largish groups of the common mooks in 4. This totally changed the dynamic of the game, and yet 4 somehow still makes it work enough to not completely drain the game of suspense. Five and six are not nearly as successful in this, unfortunately.In my mind, I tend to think of 4 as a worthy game that stands on its own and not relate it overly much to the originals except for certain minor plot and references that, honestly, aren't even neccearry and wouldn't even effect the value of the game that much if they weren't there if you think about it (other than to retain the title ""Resident Evil""). For what it is, I enjoy it as one of my favorite all-time action-adventures/horror games (9 out of 10)."
,Recommended,254700,10403919,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Cashtration,Attaché Case Simulator 2005 with zombie killing mini-game. 10/10 would organise again.
76561198169968582,Recommended,254700,16008580,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Hello Joe,"This game is dedicated to Mike, also known as ""Helicopter Mike"". Mike died in the fall of 2004, at a place known simply as ""The Island"". Mike was shot down in the line of duty by a Ganado with a rocket launcher. He is survived by his wife and 3 sons, along with his dog Leonard.RIP Mike, you were a man among men."
,Recommended,254700,14722202,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jaz,"This game it is one of the best Resident Evil games ever made! really is!if you do not know this game go ahead and play it!love this game... Where is the older games for steam? like RE 1, 2 and 3 please?cheers!"
,Recommended,254700,20343395,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SkyL3R,"I never ever wanna see Regeneradores again...Those things are scary as ♥♥♥♥.By the way, the game is great.Leon at his best ages.9/10"
,Recommended,254700,23077058,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,deathsips,This is the fourth time I've bought this game.It's that good.
,Recommended,254700,9288064,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nessa,"Originally released for the GameCube in 2005 and now bringing all its glory to Pc/Steam users in HD and smoothness 60 fps.Every now and then a game comes along that within the first minute of playing it you know it's going to be something truly special. To say that Resident Evil 4 is the greatest thing to happen to survival-horror games in 2005 and... since it's creation is a bold statement and one that can be backed up by the quality of the game at hand. Resident Evil 4 is the end all, be all that the genre has strived for since its inception and is a fond love letter not just to fans of action or survival-horror but to people that simply like to play games.Frenetic action and giant boss battles aside, where Resident Evil 4 succeeds, as a survival-horror game isn't so much that it's a frightening game, though there are moments where you will be scared, but its haunting atmosphere. Resident Evil 4 will send chills through your spine as its atmosphere takes center stage against seemingly impossible odds as you go off in search of the President's daughter. The game has the right feel to it, it does have it's action go to the forefront as it's greatest strength but it never lets the action get in the way of the atmosphere and the mood. The two combine together to make Resident Evil 4 one of the most masterful games ever made and an example of how to do the genre justice without abandoning what makes it a survival-horror game.You will be lost in Resident Evil 4's game world for at least twenty hours and you will be compelled to play through it again, either on harder difficulties or with all of your previous items in tow for the second go around. The game is truly fantastic and is well worth a purchase today for those who have never played it if only to see how it's influenced games like Dead Space and Gears of War in different ways.Overall: Whether you're a fan of Resident Evil, the survival-horror genre, action games, adventure games or simply good games, Resident Evil 4 has all the bases covered. This is the kind of game that comes along once in a console-generation and it needs to be experienced. It's a bold statement to call a game one of the all time greatest ever made but I can make that claim with Resident Evil 4 and have no reservations about it."
,Recommended,254700,26319448,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MrSpreadsheet,"Ah. Classic Capcom writing.So they send a single dude to save the American president's daughter. Sounds why bother with more. The guy arrives at a village and immediatelly starts murdering the locals. Like, straight up genocide. The villagers wield axes, scythes, pitchforks and knives, but to no avail. Later the villagers also use crossbows, dynamite sticks, RPGs, chainguns and electric batons. The USA doesn't care. You don't care either - just kill everyone. After genociding like 700 people you decide to request for backup, but the radio signal is being jammed. At some point America decides that they should probably check on the guy and the kidnapped president's daughter (I mean just in case, not a big deal tho), so they send *one guy* with a heli. The heli gets immediatelly shot down by the terrorist RPG wielding villagers.By the end of the game you will have killed over a thousand infected people and saved the president's daughter pretty much single-handedly, after being mocked by the main antagonist that ""americans saving the day"" only happens in hollywood.I don't even, Capcom."
76561198043215084,Recommended,254700,28265025,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Chaomayhem,"This game is without a doubt one of my favorite games of all time. I have it on Gamecube,PS2,PS4,Xbox 360 and PC. It is in the top ten of my favorite games. This game has the most replay value out of any game i have played because the gameplay is just so damn fun. I come back to this game whenever i dont have anything to play. The game gets really difficult but it the feeling is so rewarding when you get past these parts. 10/10 would buy for a 6th time."
,Recommended,254700,25675625,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mr.Carl Karlson,Pros-The game existsCons-Ashley
,Recommended,254700,12493365,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,GrylledCheeze,"Note: This is my first review of a game on steam (this is also aimed towards people who have never played this game). I hope you find it useful as to whether or not to purchase this game!I should probably make it clear that this is the only version of the game I have played. I have had no experience with any other versions, and one of the first games I purchased after finishing my new build. I was at first a bit skeptical about buying Resident Evil 4. It didn't seem like the type of game I would be interested in. It's old, cheesy (as I found out as I played), and referred to as the game which killed the series. Because of this, I never really considered to play it. I thought it would be a waste of time, money, and an overall dissapointment.I was wrong. I was so extremely wrong.To be honest, I don't really know why I even bought this masterpiece. I never do spend much, so it felt strange purchasing this. (Actually, it was the drought of 2014 which probably did it! And don't worry, Shadow of Mordor, you're an exception!) Anyway, I jumped right into the game right after it finished downloading. At first, It felt really strange. The controls felt awkward, even with the use of my Xbox 360 controller. Only a few minutes in, and I was thrown into the action. I felt vulnerable and angry that the camera never really seemed to do what I wanted it to. After dying several times by means of an axe to the face, a pitchfork from behind, and of course, those God forsaken bear traps, I finally made it to this quaint village in ""rural europe"" which totally in no way seems familiar to Spain on any degree whatsoever, only to meet dozens of infected villagers and chainsaw guy. From that moment on, I absolutely fell in love.Every shot, suplex, ridiculous one liner, and plagas made me love it more and more. So much that I completed it again, and again, and again, and some more. Sure, It doesn't have the graphical fidelity of modern games today, or an amazing story to go along with it. But my God, it is FUN.Well, I guess this wasn't really a great review, or a review at all. Just a love letter to one of my favorite games of all time. I know I didn't cover all aspects of the game and how much it got right (pacing, for example), but by know I think you probably got an idea how I feel about Resident Evil 4. If you haven't bought this game by now, I strongly urge you to do so, and a Pro-Tip before I sign off:Never reload the Broken Butterfly, the Merchant has your back!!!"
76561198018657477,Recommended,254700,11062108,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jindex,Killed a snake and it dropped a chicken egg10/10
,Not Recommended,254700,25822155,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JFox,"First off, this is a very good game.  One of my favorites actually.  So I recommend the game itself.  Just, don't buy this version if you have Windows 10.  The game crashes without fail after an undetermined amount of time playing.  For a game where save points are supposed to be far from each other to build tension, this is a huge problem.  I've tried running in compatability mode, running as an administrator, running on the lowest settings, and a combination of some or all of these.  It just does not work on Windows 10 and apparently Capcom has abandoned support for this game.  If you have Windows 10, you're better off buying any other version on using an emulator to play the GameCube, PS2, or Wii version.  I love this game, but it is unplayable on Windows 10."
,Recommended,254700,23285952,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Grizz,"One of the best video game's of all time.Im sure most of y'all have played this game..so im not going to cover story/gameplay/etcThe HD graphic's are..well there ok. Alot better then the ps2 that's for sure. It's definitely more fluid.The control's are fine, but you'll want to use a xbox controller.My only negative view about this is there only 12 achievment's......TWELVE! Why?!  RE 0, 1 , 5, 6, revelations 1 and 2 all have at least 30+ achievment's... I can think of several more achievment's capcom could of put in this remake.Try to look up ashley's skirtGet decapitated by a chainsawFind all treasure'sCombine 3 small treasure's in one (beerstein, mask, crown etc)Find all blue medallion'sUpgrade a weapon to it's maxUnlock the infinite rocket launcherGet 1000 headshot'sKill salazar with a rocket launcherGet leon and ashley's health maxed using yellow herbsSave the dog from the bear trapBlock 50 arrow's with the knifeKill the traderOutrun the giant boulderSell 10 G,R,Y herb vial'sSell a fully upgraded weaponRemove the parasite's from Leon and ashleyComplete seperate way's and assignmet adaBut maybe im just being finicky...Overall if your nostalgic or just trying to scratch that RE 4 itch, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,254700,15093622,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Unusual Festive,"*get Ashley* LEOOOOOOOOOOON!*leave Ashley in the middle of a town* LEOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!*make Ashley follow you* LEOOOOOOOOOOON!*jump down a ladder* LEOOOOOOOOON!*look up to catch Ashley* Ewww,PERVERT!15 Frightened President's Daughters / 10 Frightened President's Daughters"
,Recommended,254700,23569616,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Eric Harris (BUYING TF2 AGAIN),This is my 6th time playing it (includeing PC)-Xbox 360-PS3-Wii-Gamecube-PS2-PC.This game is a must buy!
76561198025220680,Recommended,254700,34153322,Posted: 10 August,all,MattSnow,Krauser... You used to be a good guy.
,Recommended,254700,31202373,Posted: 17 April,all,Young Money Cash Money Incels,"pretty good, made me feel like i had a girlfriend"
,Recommended,254700,24845785,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[ES] Sofía ✪,One of the best games I've played.
,Recommended,254700,9294246,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Aoi,"I was very excited for this HD remake to a Capcom Classic make its way to Steam. However, there are a few issues with the game at the moment, that make it totally unplayable for me.  My PC specs are more than enough to play the game, and I checked that my video card was the primary GPU that the game was using. I was so Sad to get in game and experience alot of these problems that will hopefully get patched at a later date._____________________________Problems with the Game at the moment:_____________________________-Game feels un-optimized for PC-Will Run Slow/Normally at random points-Character Animations will slowdown-Running will cause you to move slowly.  (you play a running animation but it's slowed down)-Certain Areas of the game will speed up/run normally/run slow depending on where you are standing/where camera is facing.-Quicktime events will slowdown. (jumping out of windows, cutscene events, etc)-Texture load error with certain enemies (will appear as these black blobs with ""texture printed on them"")-Widescreen support feels like it puts your character and aiming out of alignment-Mouse support is not all that great, laser reticule will sometimes flicker on and off an enemy.____________Pros:____________Ashley's Panties in 1080p HD.Joking Aside, I don't recommend buying the PC port of the game if you use an ATI or AMD graphics processor at the moment, as there are too many compatability issues._________________________________________________________Edits: 03/17/2014_________________________________________________________-Patch was released that fixes a few things and adds some extra options to tweak your game/settings.-Aiming controls can now be switched from classic mode to ""Modern mode"" that tracks your mouse much better than before. Aiming is now sexy with this enabled.-need verification if the 60 fps setting still slows down for other cards, however the game has run smoothly on my machine."
,Recommended,254700,12692250,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ganon,"How about after you take me back to my place, we do some overtime?"
76561197997481991,Recommended,254700,20694518,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rockmeister,This game taught me not to shoot at lakes.
,Recommended,254700,25414719,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,BloodyEddy™,"""Got something that might interest ya, hehehe"" The MerchantAn instant classic back in 2005 that revolutionized the action/horror genre. Now it has been remastered in 1080p 60fps without losing the charm of the original game.Pros+ Fun and addicting gameplay+ Over the top B-Movie type story+ Great level and sound design+ Strong horror Atmosphere+ Interesting horror elements+ Wide variety of weapons, upgrades, treasures and enemies+ A simple yet charming main villain+ Intense boss fights+ 15h campaign and a 3h campaign as Ada Wong+ Strong replay value (Mercenaries Mode and New Game +)+ Highly charismatic merchantCons- Getting used to the tight controls- Aiming can be quite frustrating- Quick Time Events (QTEs)- Escorting Ashley (i'm not a babysitter)- Dialogue feels corny and laughable at times- Auto inventory management not always goodA must own for any horror fans."
,Recommended,254700,9291712,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Fecky,This is the Resident Evil 4 we all know and love. Inititally when this game out the controls were awful. Now they aren't. Buy this game.
76561198166771313,Recommended,254700,22805830,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,dstreet319,"I remember back in 2006 I first got this game from my grandmother as a gift for Easter... lol one of the best gifts ever!So where do I begin with this masterpiece of a game... this game went through 3 different revisions that you can look up for yourself until it was released back in 2005 exclusivly for the Nintendo Gamecube until Capcom screwed them over and released on every other platform-honestly a good reason-and I bought multiple different versions of this. (got it on PS2 first, played on Xbox, played the hell out of the Wii version, and now the best version: PC HD release!)Story: After the events of RE3: Nemesis, Leon Scott Kennedy is now an agent for the U.S. Government is sent on a mission to rescue the president's daughter Ashley Graham from an unknown organization that's located in Europe. When Leon arrives in a rural area of Europe to discover some bizarre villagers that are attacking him. It then leads to give you some creepy events that you will have find out how the villagers came to be and rescue Ashley.Gameplay: You may know this game is responsible for revolutionizing the 3rd-person shooter genre and making it a standard today and it still lives up to it. Though without a doubt the gameplay does feel dated since you can't move the camera as you would expect from a modern 3rd-person shooter as well as move while aiming, reloading, and shooting. Aiming might feel clunky since you are always swaying your gun around even when standing still and moving around might be strange but you will get use to after a while. Weapons can be upgraded and bought from a merchant with the games currency to give you a better arsenal or even change your gameplay style of what weapons you want to use for your playthrough. The inventory is probably my most favorite inventory mechanic in a video game I have ever used. It's basically a suit case-which can be upgraded-which is were you store all of your items into including ammo, healing items, and attachments for weapons. It's an entire grid array so you can fit many items into but also make you decide if you should take certain items with you or not since you won't have enough space. Also the game has a NG+ to keep all your items and weapons upgrades to give you replay value.Survival Horror: This game can give you the creeps at the start making you say ""what the h*ll is going here"", and leaves it to you to figure out what's happened. Most can be told through documents you find throughout the game and gives interesting plot points. The toughnest of the enemies as well as being out numbered by them and managing your ammo and healing items can make it a tense survival game. Boss fights can be challenging if you don't manage your inventory well enough and they have amazing designs that makes them seem very powerful. Seeing some of the creepy enemy designs latter on in the game will make your skin crawl. Though it can be argued that the game does get way more actioned focused close to the end but for the most part until 3/4 through the game it remains to be a survival horror game and one of the best ever as well.Sound/Music: Gun sounds still sound good to this day and some creature's sound design can sound scary at times. The game's soundtrack does some relaxing music and even some that is really fitting for certain moments in the game whether it would be for a creepy sewer setting or a big enemy base.Graphics: Now you have to understand that this game was originally released back in 2005 for the Gamecube so you have to expect to look outdated which of course they are. Though it does have a few graphics options that does make it look better than any other version but it still does look outdated. Though you do play at higher resolution than the other platforms and this game performs very well and pretty much stays at 60fps consitently. In case if you are interested there is an HD rework project for this game that you can try out for yourself to help give the game better textures.PC port: If you remember the original PC version of RE4 was REALLY BAD. It had no mouse aiming and terrible graphics compared to other versions and was pretty much unplayable. Now with this re-release it's the PC version that we deserved! Decent graphics options, good M&K controls, full gamepad support, and beautiful consitent 60fps performance. You honestly can run this game maxed at get 60fps on a good budget PC and it will run great. No crashes throughout the entire time I played this game as well.Conclusion: So you could probably tell that this is definitly one of my favorite games EVER! It helped set the standard for 3rd-person shooters and survival horror as we know it today. Sure the graphics are outdated and look very flat and muddy but it doesn't pass up for how amazing the gameplay is. The survival horror is still intense compared to other games these days and nothing has come close to match what this masterpiece of a game has made. This will forever remain as Shinji Mikami's masterpiece work of art and it has made him one of the most important video game creators of all time and he is very deserved.Rating 10/1012/10 I would get this game from Easter again! ;)"
,Recommended,254700,12883581,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Sweet-Tea,It's better than sex.
,Recommended,254700,33218299,Posted: 3 July,all,Craftian,"""Groovy.""Resident Evil 4is, to say the least, a very peculiar experience. While it uses dread and body horror at every turn, the game also features poor characterisation, some painfully cheesy writing and design quirks that break from a lot of what it's trying to imitate: intense, survival horror.Still, it is interesting to finally play the classic that started it all. Shall we?You are Leon Kennedy, trusted hair model and ladies' man, and find yourself in the dreary backwoods of Spain on a mission to rescue Ashley Graham; the President’s daughter and a person so incapable of defending herself, it’s a wonder that she’s able to function in everyday life.Upon “securing the ballistics” however, it’s clear that the Las Plagas parasite and the machinations of the mysterious cult behind it aren’t just going to let the two of you leave. Lock, load and bring plenty of herbs... it’s about to get ugly.“Welcome, stranger!”To say thatRE4has had an influential effect on the industry would not only be colossal understatement but also a disservice to all the derivative gameplay mechanics that have appeared in the years since. FromDead SpacetoThe Last of Us, it introduced a standard to action games that revolutionised the industry and genre design.Though Leon is certainly clunky to control at times, (mouse for laser sight aiming and WASD to orient your position), the stop-and-pop action is surprisingly enjoyable to play. Quite a few people seem to hate it and it’s not hard to understand why, but the gameplay worked quite well, barring the occasional fixed camera issue.There's an obvious arcade influence, (a nice touch for all the time killers I used to sink money into), and this helps not only the gameplay ofResident Evilbut the campy/pulp tone it has gone for. Make no mistake, the contradictions of action and horror are well and truly on show here.It’s funny to watch how often Leon will limp around on low health before suddenly kicking a head clean off or gently land from a great height. The shake-off finishers in general deserve a special mention as enemies die with a satisfying splatter, but it does get a little tiresome when you’re prompted for each and every action with a button press.Speaking of camp however, the writing is markedly less interesting. Capcom always seems to struggle with anything outside of the clichéd andRE4is no different. While the voice acting does a decent job of selling the material, the cast can ultimately only be as good as what it has to work with.Conversations with the few NPCs that aren’t totally braindead are hilariously suggestive and Leon’s comments go between stupid observations and smutty wit. The quality of the writing is as trashy and amateur as it gets, but it’s honestly amusing enough that I’m willing to give it a pass.Despite technical improvements and the impressive visual overhaul that has been rolled into the HD re-release, some noticeable performance issues continue to plague the game. Lip and audio syncing was off significantly during cutscenes, sometimes reaching a few seconds behind the action on screen. Changing the locked framerate setting apparently acts a fix, but I didn’t notice any change between the two.While the soundtrack does a good job of adding to the gloomy atmosphere, the limited range and repetitive Foley effects really began to grate after a while.RE4is a challenging game and can be downright brutal at times, so the reliance on gunplay is greatly affected when you’re hearing the exact same effect looped over and over again. QTEs are another unfortunate quirk that takes up a lot of your time, and some of the prompts can be ridiculously quick or just unresponsive, resulting in failure at the worst possible time.“Leon! Leon! Help! Help me, Leon!”As influential as the material it draws upon,Resident Evil 4delivers a solid, action-oriented horror game and a standard for the genre that continues to be replicated to this day. While it is held back by some odd design decisions and the trappings of a fixed camera, this is well worth a look for fans of the series or anyone who wants to just turn their brain off and enjoy some good, ol’ fashioned carnage.This is one biohazard that you won’t be able to get enough of. An infectious thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,254700,10853844,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,N o c m a l,"This rushed port would have been acceptable if they at least had the courtesy to optimise the game to run at a decent speed. Aiming is atrocious thanks to the game converting mouse inputs into analogue x/y (controller inputs), leading to a ridiculous amount of negative mouse acceleration leaving me to fight with the controls. The Menus and general user interface remains almost untouched from its roots  yet  this is on a PC now, using wasd to manage my inventory is very tedious when I have a perfectly good mouse (added convenience from a mouse interface would be a grand selling point). However the greatest failure is the slowdown, the moment I walk into the opening village the game begins to dramatically chug as though Leon is walking on the surface of the moon, I look away from enemies and instantly the game pics up. This is unacceptable for a full released game costing £15 and renders the experience sickening (The option for 120 fps would be appreciated considering vice city had it back in 2003).It’s still Resident Evil 4 and that fact is what truly makes this so heart breaking, I would love to be able to just play this game in all of its chainsaw fleeing monster freezing glory but seeing it in this state is truly pathetic. Give me quality non accelerated mouse input, provide a UI optimised for mouse and keyboard for your pc port and spend the time to optimise the game for your user base."
,Recommended,254700,16546903,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kingseeker Frampt,Woke up in an old houseWas chased by Spanish farmers with the worst absolute accent everKilled a water fetusOpened a closed box and a snake attacked mekilled it too and it dropped chicken eggs11/10
,Recommended,254700,32867587,Posted: 27 June,all,🌸𝒜𝑒𝓇𝒾𝓉𝒽🎃,Fukn Regenators.
,Recommended,254700,26195932,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Badmotorfinger,"I don't think there's such thing as a perfect video game, but this one sure as hell comes close.."
76561197980796006,Recommended,254700,30213286,Posted: 26 February,all,Euanbackside360,"Played this game on Gamecube, PS2, Wii and PC and loved it every time. One of the best games ever made. It must be replayed on professional for a real challenge."
76561198051440614,Recommended,254700,24203066,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KillerG,"I love this game because when a dude with a chainsaw and a sack on his head kicks down my door, I can pause the game and play Herb Ammo Tetris for 5 minutes until I am man enough to shoot the guy.9/10 - Fun gameplay, zombie suplexing, inventory porn"
76561198067408334,Recommended,254700,30366664,Posted: 6 March,all,KuroAkari,"The most dificult balance in horror games is how to give the player agency, yet make them feel terrified to move. To give power while making you feel powerless. This game accomplishes that.1. Maintains a dirty ambiance, making you feel grose.2. During combat the music and audio shifts, driving the player to want to find every enemy as quickly as possible just to make it stop.3. An intuitive inventory that limits what you can carry based on the relative size of every item you carry, forcing you to decide between carrying more ammo & grenades or more healing herbs.4. Making ammo and healing scarce so that the player can never go in guns blazing and must aim their shots.5. Using a combat system that is good enough to get the job done, but clunky enough to add the the fear of the situation. You do not run and gun, you run or gun.6. Generating stretch goals that reward you for playing the game multiple times on higher difficulties because you slogged through the game counting each bullet, now its time to use a rocket launcher with infinite ammo to show those zombies what for!I played this when it first came out on the GameCube and it is still terrifying today. Definitely worth the old hype and worthy of anyone's time!"
,Recommended,254700,10502300,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Foxiest Grandpa in the West.,"For the 7th time Capcom has milked the cash cow that is Resident Evil 4, as they continue to ♥♥♥♥♥ this series like a pie from looney toons using a finger to draw everybody in. But thats just it, it may be the same kinda pie that we've had before, but it still tastes pretty damn good, and its just the way we like it. A true classic, Resident Evil 4 remains one of Capcom's highest payed hookers, and though she hasn't learned too many new things, she knows exactly where to touch you. 9/10"
,Recommended,254700,10258657,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BadFish,Attache Case HD is my favorite game.
,Recommended,254700,14061109,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Negan,A great overall story line.Great voiceover acting.High replay value.Achievements are all attainable.Highly Recommended.8/10!
,Recommended,254700,24349770,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,teemu92,"Heard alot of good things about this one, glad im finally playing it!Great mix of horror & action, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,254700,18832919,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,A-Mei-Zing,"One of the greatest horror games ever made. Capcom should really learn from their past on what makes Resident Evil good. A blend of action AND horror. Not just action with a hint of horror. I mean this is survival HORROR isn't it?ProsAmazing gameplayGraphics look great in HDAudio sounds much better, and not bit crushed anymoreruns great on most PC'sConsAny and all problems in past releases have been fixed in this one. So for me, there are no real cons."
76561198039942668,Recommended,254700,24869114,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gabe,What are you buying?What are you selling?LEON HELP!10/10 game loved it back on ps2 and love it still worth the but from the shady man behind a building
,Recommended,254700,18156727,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,"""LEEEEEEEEEEON"" -Ashley"
76561198048801670,Recommended,254700,32737625,Posted: 24 June,all,Malastrome15,Best game of all time forever.
76561198016814378,Recommended,254700,10434062,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,KedViper,"All I want to say right now is that this is a prime example of why you don't have one button perform several functions. (I'm looking at you too Left 4 Dead)""You're pressing X? Okay, let's pick up the item.""""NOOOOOO, I'm trying to roundhouse the enemies!""""You're pressing X? Okay, let's go through the door into a different area.""""NOOOOOO, I'm trying to pick up the item that's going to despawn!""""You're pressing X? Okay, let's jump through a window into another area where you can't return.""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, I was trying to pick up that item! Now I can't save or trade with the trader!!""I would say that it's excusable because it's designed for a controller, but there are like four unused buttons! The options only seemed to let you switch between a few variants which were more for switching between left and right handed schemes. I'm pretty sure the keyboard controls are the same, where E does everything as well and the keyboard has like 70 keys on it plus the 5 buttons on my mouse!"
76561198053230874,Recommended,254700,12466417,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Joshua,"Story: This game doesn't get enough credit for it's story. It's fun, highly-unrealistic, and action-packed. Characters are also unique and pretty awesome.Sound: Music for this game is pretty good. It's slow at the non-action sections and then hypes up when the enemies start coming. Voice acting is fantastic. Though, one certain voice will haunt you forever.Gameplay: So good. For those not use to it, the controls will feel odd and you WILL have trouble moving around and fighting at first. However, the controls are made to be this way. It helps give it that survival horror feel and requires the player to use more skill and such. You will get used to them in 20 minutes. And, even if you don't, all keys are rebindable. It also has support for the 360 controller, but I perfer the mouse and keyboard. So many brats will stop playing this game because the controls aren't your stereotypical 3rd person shooter. I'm glad they aren't. Or this game wouldn't be nearly as fun. The game has great variety of enemies as well as weapons. The game also hits the dot on challenging without being too hard or too easy, atleast on the normal difficulty. Proffesional will give you one hell of a  fight though. This is also one of the few games that gets escort missions RIGHT.Replayability: Way more then you'd expect. New costumes, new unlockable weapons, a new difficulty level, 3 EXTRA MODES. Also, the game is just fun to play again IN GENERAL. Also features New-Game plus-ish features.Last thoughts: As a fan of the Resident Evil series, I can safely say this is my favorite. I have no problem with the Resident Evil series changing from Survival-Horror to Action-Horror and so many people♥♥♥♥♥♥on this and Resident evil 5 (Also a good game) for the sake of NOT being survival horror. That's rediculouse. Go play SIlent Hill or Amnesia for horror. This game is great mixture of action and certain horror elements (Those regenerators...*shudders*) and is a fantastic game. One of my favorites of all time.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,9292506,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Wirelesspony,"Dont buy the game until a patch comes out. I am a HUGE resident eivl fan. But the game slows down alot. It is not my computers problem because i can run Re6 no problem on the normal video settings. But turning everything down to the lowest setting on Re4 still makes it very slow motion for me, do not get, until they fix."
76561198092145610,Recommended,254700,25254203,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DangerWildman818,"Hands down the best RE to date, i have played through this game countless times and it never gets old. Must play if you're a fan of the RE franchise."
,Recommended,254700,22311761,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv0UuIVS9NwIf a franchise sticks around long enough, it will inevitably be faced with the uphill battle of trying to evolve to meet the needs of an ever changing landscape. After the half step toward full 3D in Code Veronica, Capcom struggled to reinvent Resident Evil for a new console generation. An early effort was re-purposed and became the brilliant Devil May Cry but it would take many years for a new vision to take shape. When Resident Evil 4 finally hit store shelves for the Gamecube in 2005, it would forever change the face of survival horror video games.Players once again filled the shoes of Leon Kennedy as he searches for the President's daughter, Ashley Graham, in a remote area of Spain. She is being held by a mysterious cult who are trying to utilize a mind controlling parasite called Las Plagas to gain power. The village that Leon first comes across is filled with infected townsfolk called Ganados who are hellbent on stopping Leon and completely loyal to Osmund Saddler, the leader of the Illuminados cult. Lurking behind the scenes is the familiar face of Ada Wong whose activities are a mystery. Resident Evil 4 continues the tradition of offering an eccentric and ridiculous narrative that successfully links some of the franchise's biggest characters to it's events but also stands well enough on it's own that newcomers are not left scratching their heads.The tank controls of past Resident Evil games are gone, the camera instead looks over Leon's shoulder in a fully 3D rendered environment. The camera's position obscures some of the action and creates some tense moments while allowing players to enjoy more fluid and natural controls. When aiming his gun or wielding a knife, Leon remains in a fixed position which may seem unnatural to action game aficionados but it does create some tense moments as groups of enemies converge on Leon's position. With this new control scheme gunplay is a much bigger focus than in past Resident Evil titles. Enemies come in greater volumes, ammo for basic weapons is more plentiful and there are a few set piece moments that require you to gun down scores of ganados lest they tear Leon's limbs from his body. When it comes to gameplay and combat, the Plagas present a satisfying new angle to the gameplay in Resident Evil. The Ganados function the same as the Zombies in prior titles but with added tenacity and dexterity. They throw axes and dynamite, climb ladders and leap across small chasms in pursuit of Leon. Additionally, relieving a hapless Ganado of his or her head may not be the end of a fight since the pesky Plagas are prone to evacuate their hosts and tackle Leon directly or cowardly emerge from the bloody stumps of their necks, flailing their tentacle like bodies like guillotine blades attached to a weed eater. Shield bearing cult members and blind mutants with massive claws that must be dispatched by killing the parasites on their backs also refresh the enemy roster and make the combat in Resident Evil 4 more satisfying. Several satisfying boss fights provide the cherry on top of the Resident Evil 4 gameplay experience.The greater focus on action does mean that scares are less frequent then they were in previous entries. Wandering around a hedge maze with Plagas infested wolves waiting to jump out of bushes and seeking keys whilst being pursued by wheezing, seemingly unstoppable regenerators are some of Resident Evil 4's few terrifying highlights during it's three acts. While the first two acts are enjoyable and varied the end of the third act is a monotonous shooting gallery that culminates in one of the easiest final boss battles in the series. For a game with so many strong characters and boss scenarios the conclusion is a bit anti-climatic. This handful of minor grimace worthy moments is largely lost in amidst the rest of the experience which will take most players fifteen or more hours on their first playthrough.As if the main campaign wasn't long enough, Assignment Ada reveals some of Ada's activities behind key moments in Resident Evil 4, fleshing out the narrative and offering some new weapons and mechanics to challenge Resident Evil fans. Mercenaries mode challenges players to survive and kill as many enemies as possible. It's an addictive mode that would go on to become a staple of the franchise by enticing players with a risk reward system, stringing together kills gives players a multiplier and breaking hourglasses extends the time of the session, providing a greater opportunity to post a high score. With these additional modes, it's really easy to get thirty hours of entertainment from Resident Evil 4.The muted, earth tone rich Spanish village that serves as Resident Evil 4's setting is a massive departure from the dark, claustrophobic and sinister mansion from the first game and the post apocalptic city scape of the second and third games. When it was first released, Resident Evil 4 was one of the most impressive graphical showcases of the Playstation 2 and Gamecube. With a 1080p resolution and some uprezed textures, Resident Evil 4 looks it's age but it is still capable of impressing. The atmosphere is as rich in 2016 as it was in 2005 but we do wish Capcom gave this game the respect to completely overhaul it in the same way that they did the fist Resident Evil game for the Gamecube. Rest assured however, this new HD port of Resident Evil 4 finally gives PC players an acceptable version of this classic to play.Resident Evil 4 is a bittersweet experience, along with Half life 2, it helped foreshadow what was to come with new hardware as well as perfectly reinvigorating and updating a franchise that was in danger of loosing it's appeal as new hardware changed gamers expectations. In doing so however, Resident Evil 4 shifted the franchise's inertia toward action and with the next couple installments, Resident Evil would almost entirely forsake it's horror roots. With the death of Resident Evil as a horror game, much of the survival horror genre fell into mediocrity with Dead Space being one of the few titles to successfully straddle the line between action and horror before becoming a victim of the same fate. Resident Evil 4 is one of the greatest games of the new millennium. It maintained enough of the elements of it's predecessors to be identifiable as a Resident Evil game while otherwise reinventing the franchise. It's timeless gameplay, great art direction and mostly excellent bosses make it very playable almost a decade after it's original release. If you haven't played Resident Evil 4, now is as good a time as any."
,Recommended,254700,26570477,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Forsaken One,"Easily one of the most revolutionary horror games ever to hit the market, when i found out this game was on steam I nearly screamed. Great controls, great enemies, great music, great concept, and great replay value."
,Not Recommended,254700,9290901,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Slurms Mackenzie,"As someone who loved re4 finishing it multiple times both on ps2 and the old pc port, after only 10 minutes I was disapointed at how awkward the controls were. The mouse is extremely restricted and slow meaning you can only turn with W,A,S,D and when going into the aim mode there is a delayed mouse response meaning pulling off those quick knee shots is far more difficult. I just don't understand how it could be screwed up this bad when re5 had a great pc port. I recommend waiting for a patch, but if you must play it get a 360 controller. It's a shame because re4 is an extremely fun game that still holds up today"
,Recommended,254700,9392058,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,thanateros,briefcase simulator
,Recommended,254700,23605053,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PROPHECIES,Best resident evil out of all of them.10/10
,Recommended,254700,9973716,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[FARVA]D'Artagnan,I don't know why other games even try....
,Recommended,254700,29713129,Posted: 5 February,all,robzombie4321,Don't shoot the water...
,Recommended,254700,9295678,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Chimera,"EDIT: I'm changing my rating, since Capcom took the time to fix the crappy aim the game had when you using a mouse and now I can finally properly play it with mouse + keyboard. Thanks Capcom.Game is great and I love it, but I have always wanted to play this with a mouse and keyboard PROPERLY, with controls similar or identical to resident evil 5's. This port's keyboard and mouse controls still suck and are a drag to play with, I DEFINITELY don't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have a controller or, like me, planned to play it with a mouse and keyboard for the first time."
76561198044131190,Recommended,254700,24598797,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,honeybadgerslayr,"I traveled to Spain, here's what I did:-Killed a giant sea monster-Sold ""Green Herbs"" to a shady individual in a back alley-Bought contraband from said individual-Killed peasants for money-Saw my friend get killed by a giant tentacle thing-Explored a castle and 360 noscoped the castellan-Infiltrated a top secret island baseWhen I returned from my trip, I bought a copy of resident evil 4 / biohazard 4 and played through it. It's a fun game, I recommend it."
,Recommended,254700,33065137,Posted: 30 June,all,B. Silva,"The heck you looking at in the review section? Its Resident Evil 4 for christ sake! You know its good, what are you waiting for? just buy it and play again for the 9th time already!"
,Recommended,254700,16388962,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Big Boss,"Another Resident Evil HD remake, but I really enjoyed this one just like the others. The textures are nice and crisp, the gameplay is fantastic, and its just plain enjoyable. There is some extra content to enjoy. Really the only thing that made me cringe was the multitude of quickaction cutscenes. They're so random and lightning quick and the consequences are instant death. Never really understood this mechanic. Its a great addition to the collection for anyone who wants the classics in their library."
,Recommended,254700,25811715,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Yodzilla,It's Resident Evil 4! It's still a good game that's as charming as ever and the graphics hold up surprisingly well. Don't go into this expecting modern controls or interface though. If you can get past how this game plays (and remember it was one of if not the first game to attempt this camera/control scheme) then you'll find a good version of a classic game here.Also don't go into this expecting good keyboard and mouse support. It's functional and playable but it's obviously emulating the same things a controller would do becuase this game was made entirely with a controller in mind. Still nice that it's an option though!
,Recommended,254700,9289493,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Benny™,"I Threw an Egg at a farmer; blinding him, then I proceeded to roundhouse kick him Chuck Norris style, which caused his head to spontaneously explode.... 11.3/10 But seriously....one of my favorite games of all time. Play it! You wont regret it!"
,Not Recommended,254700,9291618,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Keppa,"I loved this game on the GC and really hoped that this would be a home run.  The controls, however, are so bad that it is unpayble.  I hped that they would have learned from the previous mistakes and fixed the issues from the old pc release."
,Recommended,254700,12382326,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,re4 is basically the pinnacle of human creative achievement and the arts
,Recommended,254700,30308964,Posted: 3 March,all,Kanna,"Its a great game.I was first introduced to this game when my dad played it on the PS2 in 2006. I remember ""Inheriting"" the game when he handed the ps2 down to me. I remember it freaking me out and couldnt play it in the dark, with the regeneraters making me put down the game for a few weeks because i was terrified of them.That was a long time ago, and it stood the test of time. Its a good port for what it is. Moving from controller to mouse and keyboard makes it a much more enjoyable experience.Graphically, its what you would expect from a 12 year old game. It got SOME graphic adjustments, but it still has the late ps2 era graphics. Its not an ugly game by any means, just not pretty either.Do I reccomend it? Yes."
,Recommended,254700,35076628,Posted: 19 September,all,linkthehylian,"This game was literally my childhood, no joke.My Uncle got the Gamecube Special Edition for his birthday, he's was the main reason I even got into the series. And then, I ended up having my parents get it as well for our Gamecube.I played this game religiously, so much that I didn't stop until I unlockedeverything. This is by far one of my favorite Resident Evil titles out there.Highly recommended.Except Ashley, ♥♥♥♥ her."
76561198054128892,Recommended,254700,30576901,Posted: 17 March,all,Ugly God Matman,Amazing Game however there are not any audio options which is very disappointing.
,Recommended,254700,21177432,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Novus,8 / 10 Story9 / 10 Gameplay10 / 10 Graphic - looking good after the hd remake9 / 10 Sound8 / 10 Control10 / 10 Atmosphere9 / 10 Replayability8 / 10 Price- / 10 Multiplayer / DLC's10 / 10 Extra-Points - the best resident evil.81 / 90  -> 90 / 100
76561198011933668,Recommended,254700,9356111,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,D.H.Nips,MATALO
01011010001100110,Recommended,254700,29527264,Posted: 27 January,all,010110100100010101000100,One of the best Resident Evil games.
76561198157392394,Recommended,254700,30703849,Posted: 24 March,all,LancingBouncer95,"Finished this already on PS4. One of the finest games out there.Pros:Tone is over the top and very self-awareIncredibly silly storyGameplay is pretty greatLeon is best waifuGreat blend of action and survival horrorEnemy AI is tough but at times fairThe New Game+Additional content after when you finish the main storySaddler is a pretty great antagonistMercenaries mode rocksCons:Bosses could've been betterAshley. That is all.Final act is a bit hit or missIn conclusion, yeah it's a pretty fantastic game. Totally worth it. Great/Great."
,Recommended,254700,29777966,Posted: 8 February,all,Super Salty,"I love Resident evil 4 I've played it about 5 times in the last 3 years. I've bought it on about every format, if Capcom wants free money all they have to do is rerelease this game on every new platform from here untill i die and I will rebuy it thats how much I love this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,9299136,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,angel78556,"Are you serious, Capcom/Steam?First of all, I love this game and I cannot reccomend it enough but this PORT is TERRIBLE. First off my computer can handle a lot, so the issue is with the game, not the hardware. When I first started the game, it chugged slower than a snail in molasses. I thought that this was perhaps a first time startup thing. I got to the main menu where the curser itself lagged out and it could barely move. I first went to the options and for good measure I set all the graphics to the lowest settings and all the prettiness to ""off"" to try and improve performance. It barely changed anything, even after restarting the game it churned slowly. I thought maybe just maybe the real game wouldnt be so bad... but to my suprise it was worse. The cutscene was super slow, and when i skipped the cutscene (out of neccessity in order to move past the seemingly frozen frames) I got to the first screen of the game with half the textures missing. It was all black! and Leon moved of his own accord in a small circle shooting at the ground. I checked that my controller was not plugged in and on the floor or something, and that nothing was on my computer keyboard. It seemed as if everything was going wrong. But please, dont take my word for it, just look here at this screenshot and decide for yourselves weather or not to support another badly hashed port of a great game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=233253590"
76561198136209636,Recommended,254700,25292492,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mitchellrss232,Favorite Resident Evil to date.
,Recommended,254700,26468380,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Akka,"A classic that still holds upVery unique from the first installment. Instead of a mansion you have Spanish village/countryside, a castle, and an island. Instead of rationing a handful of items you can carry almost everything (after playing a bit of inventory tetris). Key items don't take up inventory space, finally.There's about ten times the number of zombies--and they all gotta die. They're so eager to get shot in the head the game started engaging full-on Call of duty mode towards the end.A ton of effort was put into develping unique, memorable bosses. Both the fights themseleves and the personalities stand in stark contrast to what little I remember from the first game's characters and lines (other than Jill Sandwich).Tank controls were a huge turnoff but the enemies are sluggish enough for the player to work around it.Every time a cool cutscene came up I mashed f12 to capture it, only for an annoying QTE to appear. Luckily QTEs never caught on with other games in the 90-00s.  Oh wait"
,Recommended,254700,9360948,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"This version on PC seems to work with the Controller Flawlessly.  Join Leon on his real bad day of rescuing the daughter of the president of the united states, to save the world!  All the side missions from different versions are included making the experience complete.  Played the game through with a knife and grenades, spent hours trying to melee or grenade salizar but it wasnt happening.  This game is real fun, so you can challenge yourself as much as you want.    This is pretty much the old PC release with new shinier graphics and some tweaks.  No gamebreaking bugs encountered during the playthrough, this reboot is done by Q-Loc not capcom, gotta wonder if capcom even makes games anyore.  Cant move when you shoot, the AI in this game is great, they even blow themselves up.  The Ada missions under the ""Extras"" on the menu are alot of fun.Rating:  10/10  Value:  $24.99"
,Not Recommended,254700,9288658,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,+a' la carte,"OMG!! i'm upset with this platform. I do really love and enjoy to play RE4 on my old PS2. But now, what happened with Capcom? Gamplay in slow-mo, difficult to control by keyboard and mouse, still have some graphic glitches, no quit game, and no sub title. Hope you patch and fix it soon Capcom."
,Not Recommended,254700,9292152,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,PizzaSHARK!,"This game has not aged well, and the game has not been ported well to the PC platform.  Keyboard and mouse controls are still awful, and gamepad controls are loose and unresponsive even using a program like x360ce to fool the game into thinking you're using an official Xbox gamepad.The textures have mostly just been scaled up to fit the new native widescreen resolutions without actually being improved very much, and the ""locked at 60fps"" and ""locked at 120fps"" options cause a lot of issues in cutscenes, where the sound plays much faster than the video, to the point that the sound will often be five or six seconds ahead of the video.  Additionally, the pre-rendered cutscenes have not been changed since the original 2007 PC port, making the difference between in-game and cutscene very jarring.While this is better than the 2007 PC port, it's still a terrible version of the game and you are still better off buying or renting a used game console if you really want to play RE4 again."
76561198053602735,Not Recommended,254700,9299153,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Smokaloke,"I cannot recommend this game yet. I'm extremely disappointed yet ANOTHER game has been released without proper testing. The cutscenes are so out of sync (at least on my end) it's like watching a poorly dubbed kungfu flick. This is why I hesitate to pre-order games released on steam. I don't expect ANY game to be perfect on release, but a game that was released in 05 that's getting a barely noticable graphics touchup...come on."
,Recommended,254700,10541101,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,漆霁的男朋友,I want to have sex with Ada Wong. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9642845,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"Stranga Stranga...This is one of my favorite Resident Evil games. Leon is so god damn sexy, My panties are just soaked while playing. HD and 60 FPS Yes! The controls i find to be a bit of a stuggle, I cant find the setting that fits me best. I end up whipping the camera around or popping my wrist over and over trying to look around. First time i played this on the Wii and since I'm an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥ i thought it would be nice to redo the story again while unlocking a few achievements. Super happy with this purchase, So whatya buyin?"
,Recommended,254700,24705346,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BigBoss,One of the best REs
76561198097973200,Not Recommended,254700,9291412,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,LoyalLedger,"Be very Cautious if you plan to buy this game. RE4 is a great game worth buying, but this Steam version has a ton of problems. Wait about a week to see if the game is fixed and then buy it if it is."
,Recommended,254700,15932939,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Whoota,"Super Mario Bros, The Legend of Zelda, Goldeneye, Halo; What do these games have in common? They’re all revolutionary video games that have altered the way we play and perceive games and gameplay.Resident Evil 4certainly belongs in that list for many, many reasons.It takes much from a company to invent the wheel twice. The Resident Evil series is known for having codified and popularised the survival horror genre in games. This game though,Resident Evil 4laid the foundation for modern survival horror games, third person shooters, and other action games that we see and play today. BeforeResident Evil 4, third person shooters were a mixed bag. The camera was a mess, or it gave you a terrible view of the action.Resident Evil 4fixed all that with a streamlined over-the-shoulder-cam, aiming mechanics and challenging gunplay. Stiff controls were remedied with the ability to dodge on reflex button presses, now known as the much maligned quick time events. Finally, whatever we classify as cinematic gameplay these days was perfectly proportioned and executed in Capcom’s 2004 behemoth masterpiece.Many of the aforementioned innovations are mainstay today, but back then they were earth shattering. It is a testament to wholesome game design. Not only are the mechanics polished to a shine, they complement and substitute each other. QTE-s don’t overstay their welcome and they have weight and purpose to them. The camera keeps you, the player, in the game and as a result inside the character; forcing you be careful and actually giving you a reason to prevent grave bodily harm.And bodily harm is ever so present. You’re Leon Kennedy, one of the few survivors from the Raccoon City outbreak and now in the employment of the secret service. Tasked to retrieve the president’s daughter from a desolate rural region in Spain. What you uncover goes beyond the horrors of zombies and corporate scheming.Resident Evil 4uproots the series established formula and takes survival horror to survival terror. The sheer viscerality of the presentation makes for a non-stop freight. Horrifying villagers drone at you in the dark while their heads make place for disgusting parasitic flails that take precarious aim to keep at bay. The horrifying rumble of a chainsaw soon makes place for the utterly blood curdling terror that are the late game enemies that approach the limits of how much a person’s senses can process while trying to get the girl home safely. The music is frighteningly effective at enforcing the sense of unease. The mild bliss of the piano that plays in save rooms is the only respite. Especially considering the sound design on some of the enemies. Just the breathing of some of these freaks just makes you want to turn your PC off and sit in a corner; crying in abject terror, afraid of the nightmare that you will have when you go to bed later that day.What’s more? What else can a game so amazing offer more? Imagine a season’s pass worth of extra material. Except that you don’t have to pay extra for it. Two extra chapters, a cruelly addictive minigame, new game+ and a whole plethora of costumes and weapons are all included in the single price. It is hard to get such a deal these days, and it shows how far publishers have fallen in terms of packing their releases with content. Ironically, Capcom is one of today’s greatest offenders.Still, the game has aged. The controls are stiff, the textures are muddy at times and the occasional slow-motion might present itself when the lighting engine has to bend in ways it wasn’t designed to. However, do not forget, thatResident Evil 4is a full package. Everything is balanced in and on itself, creating a wholesome and undeniably enjoyable game that can keep you entertained even ten years after it first saw the light of day on the Gamecube.Resident Evil 4must be played. Passing up on it is an insult to videogame history and an insult to yourself. You’d be a fool for passing up on a near divine piece of gameplay that is equally hellish in atmosphere."
,Recommended,254700,32268005,Posted: 8 June,all,Rumfoy,Pros:+ Great graphics which still hold up to this day.+ Tactical gunplay and creative action set pieces.+ Has great replay value and additional content.Cons:- Punishing tank controls are now definately dated.- Tedious weapon/item switching breaks the flow of combat.- The survival horror aspect was substituted for all-out action.
,Recommended,254700,30934388,Posted: 3 April,all,bbailey115,"Resident Evil 4: Oh man, where do I begin with this?If you have ever owned pretty much ANY console in existance past the Gamecube, you may have played RE4! It is an instant classic of a game, and while some fans do hate on it for ""ruining"" the series, I disagree.Not only does the game reward you for your hard time and effort, it is extremely replayable! I am not exactly sure why this is, as the map is really linear at some points, but it is a challenge! If you like challenges, this is your game!Imagine if Dark Souls and RE had a child, this would be it. It is difficult, I won't lie, especially in the games hardest difficulty (Professional), but it will reward you for completing the game with weapons, and cool costumes, and you get to keep your stuff after you complete the game for another playthrough. Plus you have another two mini-campaigns and a Mercenaries mode, which you can play as various characters from the Resident Evil franchise (5 stars with all characters on all stages for a sweet surprise!).The cons of the game would have to be the rage-inducing moments it produces, even though that in itself isn't much of a con for me, but maybe it would be for you. Also, the graphics are a bit dated, although this is an HD version of the game, so the graphics aren't exactly too bad... Lastly, the game can get repetitive at times, which may discourage some of you who are expecting a everchanging adventure, but if you can get past the repetitiveness of the game, you will have a great time!Overall, I highly recommend it for RE fans, and those who are seeking a not-so-scary, but not-so-easygoing game. Thank you for taking the time to read my review, and I hope this will help you to decide on your purchase of this extraordinary game!"
,Not Recommended,254700,9288242,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Extreme Alex,"Capcom must patch this game. I tried to play this game but Leon ends up shooting all over the place and theres nothing i could do. I tried to aim at the enemy but Leon aims behind him instead of the enemy right in front of him. I love RE4 back when it came out for Nintendo Gamecube but this is too much, i can't get past the first chapter without it being stupid.. The game also goes slow motion and the lip syncing is really bad when its in slow motion and i know i'm not the only one experiencing this problem. I want to recommend this game but as of right now i'd say dont buy it unless a patch is released fixing these problems. :/"
,Recommended,254700,10166917,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ordinary,"A masterpiece in general, Residnt Evil 4 has everything anyone could ever want from a survival horror game. The game basically puts you in the shoes of government agent Leon S. Kennedy who is sent out on a mission to retrieve the president's missing daughter, but stumbles on something more dangerous than what he originally thought. For $19.99, you get a lot out of this game. You get an amazing story that is well worth your time, additional modes to play with after you beat the game, a great combat system with unpredictable enemies, and some fairly challenging boss battles that should keep you busy for a while. In general, Resident Evil 4 / Biohazard 4 is one of the best video games I have ever played in my life, and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes horror.The Verdict: 10/10 Definetly one of my favorite games of all time. One of a kind, and cannot be redone."
,Recommended,254700,28994770,Posted: 3 January,all,jiMBO,"Being my first game in the Resident Evil series, I had different expectations after trying the RE7 playable demo. I was pleasantly suprised, however, to find a third person shooter unlike any I have played before, and is without a doubt the best I've ever played. What the game lacks in graphical fidelity, it makes up for im ambiance, mood and immersion. The world, despite having relatively dated textures, has a dark theme that perfectly fits the desired effect the game as a whole produces, with its intense music, risky combat, and overall ""survival"" tone. RE4 is one of the few horror games where I actually found myself planning my upgrade path and managing my supplies and weapons. Each weapon is very unique, and provides a different feel to combat situations. The combat is clunky, but purposely done so in a way to make you think about your shots. The controls are a little wonky on pc, as it is very clear this game was intended to be played with a controller, so I definitely reccomend using one if you can. Quick time events seem to be a problem on M/K, as more than a few occasions I found myself restarting a QTE over and over again because even though I was spamming ""X"", it wasn't really registering. Boss fights are extremely varied, and none of them felt like a chore although I wish they were a little more challenging. Ammo management is pretty easy to manage for the first two thirds of the game, but becomes a problem later in the game which can turn some players away, but I never found myself completely out of ammo.  Overall Resident Evil 4 was an extremely enjoyable experience, with an incredibly atmospheric setting to back up solid shooting gameplay.Pros:+INCREDIBLY well deisgned world and atmosphere, especially in the first area.+Excelent progression system designed to make you think.+Exhilarating combat, forcing you to pick and choose your shots.+Survival aspects work very well, forcing you to carefully manage your inventory, health and ammo.+Interesting story, although I haven't played enough of the other games to really appreciate the plot.+Decently long, I beat it in about 16 hours of gameplay. You will not want to play anything else until you complete this game, it is very addicting.Cons:-Messy mouse and keyboard controls, was obviously designed for a controller-Dated textures (not bad textures, the game certainly has a classic charm but the relatively poor graphics may turn some people off)Overall Score: 10/10 Must buy, the best 3rd person shooter I've ever played."
,Recommended,254700,27886210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yurlie,One of the best games I've played since my childhood and still holds up as one of my best games of all time.
76561198115906683,Recommended,254700,32825416,Posted: 26 June,all,Pegasus,One of the best games to play on PS2 !!
,Recommended,254700,9288391,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dr. Fun,"Leon Kennedy is on a mission to avenge his brothers.  In this game you will track down both Lee Harvey Oswald and Sirhan Sirhan in order to find out the secret behind the valuable and elusive ""Jack"" ruby.  Featuring a stunning soundtrack by Koji Kondo and directed by Hideo Kojima, the long awaited sequel to the beloved JFK Reloaded is a roller coaster ride of action, romance and tragedy.""Resident Evil 4 has taken residence... in our hearts."" - Kotaku""What really blows us away is the physics engine in this game; the ragdoll physics are just phenomenal!""  - IGN""Call of Duty has a new rival in the world of FPS games."" - PCGamerAnd don't forget to buy the Season Pass, allowing you access to the custom ""Snakeskin"" handgun skin, and 3 new Mercenaries Maps!"
,Recommended,254700,9624862,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Dusky,"I've now beat the game on Gamecube, Wii, and now PC. I have to say if you've played it prevouisly on console you'll find the controls very klonky and slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥but after 30 minutes of learning the new controls and getting comforable with them this is a must buy. Although this is only a remastered version of the game it's still definitely worth it with the PC's spectacular visual overhaul but still keeping the game feeling like it was your first time playing. I'd give it 9 out of 10, definitely worth 20 dollars."
,Recommended,254700,29631069,Posted: 1 February,all,Brendy Wendy,"I've never played a resident evil game before and I'm playing resident evil 4 for the first time on PC.The controls are good, the gameplay is fun and it doesn't abuse cheap jumpscares.Performance is also good, runs at a smooth 60fps with no drops.So far I can't really complain, it's a fun game and worth the 20 dollars"
,Recommended,254700,12080904,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,zone,"This game holds up perfectly after all these years.  Still one of the most tense and atmospheric video games I've played — and, I would like to point out, largely because of the controls.  Many will whine, ""artificial difficulty!"" but to me they're just as they were in 2005: deliberately clunky yet stylized, oddly stiff and elegant at the same time.  It feels like there's an art to managing headshots and kicks on a crowd of swarming not-zombies, and when you have to move there's a sense of urgency and spatial consideration.  In total, it feels like something halfway between Doom and King's Field, and is quite likely the best Biohazard/RE to date.  The port here is just fine, too, though I've encountered a few fleeting issues with slowdown and stuttering.  Nothing that has kept me from thoroughly enjoying this old favorite.  Oh: the music is really something, as well.  (01/22/15 edit: There are some issues with QTEs tied to the framerate, sometimes leading to issues where QTEs are either too easy or too punishing.  QTEs were the worst part of the game to begin with, aside from a slight decline in the quality of the environments around 2/3 into the game, but they're even worse/weirder here and it does mar an otherwise solid port — albeit one I would still recommend.  Just be forewarned.)"
,Recommended,254700,9311337,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,my name jeff,Hurt my right thumb while doing one of the QTEs.10/10
76561198039548285,Recommended,254700,23570362,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Allie,LEEOOOOON!
,Recommended,254700,13947968,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Seppuku Sushi,"Resident Evil 4 is a very finely crafted horror experience, featuring great gameplay mechanics, eerie atmospheric enviroments, and quite a lot of replay value. This new revamped PC version also of course has better visuals and can run at 60fps. If you have never played this game before, do yourself a favor and give it a go."
,Recommended,254700,10981896,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kal_wardin,Very good game. Port is not that great though.
,Recommended,254700,34350213,Posted: 19 August,all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"Best RE game ever!  Played it several times on Gamecube, few times on PS3, and getting it on PC was a VERY smart decision!No other RE compares to this one - it's not even a question, just buy it.  No game library is complete without this!"
,Not Recommended,254700,9305009,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Berkin Elvan,"I bought this game cause it supports mouse (beside HD quality). It does support but somehow I was more comfortable playing with keyboard only. Mouse only helps you to aim and move camera around you. You still need  A and D buttons to turn. And it's confusing for a while. Even highest sensitivity feels slow. I had terrible headache because of controls.Knifing boxes is probably most used action in this game. However everytime you hold your knife it takes about a second before u can move it. I mean everytime. Thus, knifing enemy on the ground is not preferable at all. You may even want to skip some boxes.I hope they at least fix this knife issue soon.edit: I recently tried Logitech F710 controller, same result...update: knife issue is fixed with recent update.Assuming they will fix remaiming problems soon, I recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,10955678,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,flacon,"Let me just say at the top of this review that I think Resident Evil 4 is a fantastic game. My playtime at the time of the writing of this review indicates that I haven't played this game all that much, but I should point out that I have beaten the game twice before in a different version of the game. Highly recommended, I say.No, this is more of a review of the port rather than the game, and perhaps you may want to consider looking at a version of the game that isn't this one.Capcom clearly didn't put forth a ton of effort into the PC port of the HD version of Resident Evil 4, originally released last year for the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3. One could be forgiven for thinking that the delay was likely for the purposes of optimization    and the inclusion of standard PC options, but Capcom will occasionally pull an Ubisoft and delay PC ports for aribtrary reasons, just for them to end up performing suboptimally (see also: the kerfuffle going on about the upcoming Dead Rising 3 port).They did at least put in a handful of the standard PC options, so it's not entirely bad news. The list of options includes fairly standard anti-aliasing settings, anisotropic filtering, and turning off the godawful motion blur. Allegedly you can turn off v-sync in a config file that I have yet to locate on my computer (for some reason it doesn't exist in the location that I've heard it's supposed to be, so either that's just a problem on my end, or I'm working with outdated information), and sweet, sweet 60 FPS (unfortunately capped at that or 30, but acceptable for a port of a 9-year-old game). What they get wrong, however, are a couple of key factors that keep me from recommending this version of the game. The aformentioned 60 FPS option is quite the boon, but it does run into some issues that are largely attributed to dodgy optimization. The game speed tends to slow down as the framerate chugs, which can be very distracting. I wasn't experiencing too much of this after turning down a few settings, but your mileage may vary, as is the nature of PC gaming.That first issue I could probably deal with, but it gets worse. Usually I don't tend to expect a field-of-view slider in a third-person game, but dear God this game in particular needs one. The over-the-shoulder camera angle in games like this or Gears of War I feel lends itself to the problems of a low FOV in a first-person game a lot more than in games like Max Payne or Grand Theft Auto, where the camera is farther away from the player character. It's arguable that such games should possibly include one anyway for accessibility's sake, however I do understand why Capcom might not have considered it since most people likely played this game originally on a TV at a farther distance than one would be playing the game from a desk. There does technically exist an FOV mod, but as of this writing it doesn't work on the current version of the game.Even that I could get past by taking a break every half-hour or so. It's not ideal, but not a deal-breaker either. However this game commits what I consider to be a cardinal sin for a PC port of a shooter. This game has built-in mouse acceleration. Highly noticeable and affecting mouse acceleration. And there's no way to turn it off. No fix currently exists. This makes aiming in this game far more difficult than it has any reason to be. A lack of consistancy in the mouse sensitivity makes the case that the Wii version is BY FAR the most well-controlled version of the game. Comparing it to PC...that just shouldn't be the case. This issue alone I think makes it difficult to recommend this version of the game. I just don't see myself being able to put up with this nonsense throughout the entire game, and I'd imagine others would feel the same way.There are a couple other issues the port has, such as some very noticeable audio de-sync going on in some of the cutscenes. I think I heard that this might be less of an issue depending on how well your machine runs the game, but I think it still bears mentioning, as the delay can get to be embarassingly large. One cutscene in particular had AT LEAST a full second of delay where the visuals were behind the audio. Still, issues such as this one are pretty much nitpicks compared to the awful mouse acceleration.If this game gets a fix in the future, even if it's just through mods, I may revise this review and possibly give it a recommendation simply because the game itself is just that damn good. As it stands, I just can't recommend this right now. If you see this game on sale in the future and are tempted to buy it, I'd checkpcgamingwiki.comor the Steam forums to see if the major issues have been resolved. If so, go for it. Otherwise, just pass, even if the price is attractive to you. If you're looking for another version of the game to play, I'd personally recommend the Wii version due to the controls actually working pretty well if you're willing to put up with a bit of waggle during the QTEs (to those who argue that the more precise aiming ""throws off the balance"" and makes the game worse, all I have to say is we'll have to agree to disagree on that debate). Otherwise, pick up any of the other console versions that exist as I'm sure they're all just fine and dandy.Just don't pick up the original PC version. Just...don't do it."
,Not Recommended,254700,9294599,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,☆Dan,"Hardcore negative mouse acceleration when aiming, play with a gamepad."
76561197982911354,Not Recommended,254700,9288691,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,lscecil,the game seems fine by itself but runs extemly slow it moved faster on my ps2 hope there is a patch soon or else this is awaste of 20 dollars
,Recommended,254700,26338550,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,√(π) COMPUTERIZED SEX LORD,"Sigificantly better than that trash known as ""Resident Evil 6"".Played it before on PS2 many years ago (then later on PC, the original version) and it is still one of the best games ever made.For people having problems starting/launching the game, view myguide."
76561198174598905,Recommended,254700,24594062,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MendiTheHero,"Damn good game, an actual classic. But if I had to recommend it, I'd say it's better on GameCube, PS2, or even the Wii version."
,Recommended,254700,11161633,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,エンゾウ,"In this game you play as Leanardo Dicarpo. Shooted zombies save little kawaii girl.No black people, only spanish. Not racist."
,Recommended,254700,9877720,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,SiegDere,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port of a great 9-year old game. Buy only if you really want it.
,Recommended,254700,9294058,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Pure,you need this in your life
,Recommended,254700,29449961,Posted: 23 January,all,Gorilla God,"Not exactly the hottest port or update, with the main difference being not so great new textures and a couple UI fixes for higher resolutions. Despite the base game being over 10 years old, there are some areas where frames dip even on a gtx 1080 @1080p There is also a complete lack of audio options. In spite of those shortcomings, it still runs well most of the time. KBM support works well enough with 2 options for mouse aiming, they both take getting used to, but either one should grant more precise aiming than the old gamepad once you've become accustomed.Despite the silly humor and cliche moments, it always finds a way to put you back into tense situations where only fast feet and sharp shots will save you.  And for the most part, that feeling of tension stay with you the whole game.  There's nary a dull moment with our hair-parting hero in the game's 12-16 hour long campaign.  In addition to the main campaign, there's also 2 smaller campaigns featuring RE2/4's Ada Wong and a Mercenaries mode that is basically a survival mode where you can choose your character and each character has their own loadout for you to experiment with. Overall, its a great game that has a LOT of replay value with it's main campaign and the Mercenaries mode.Looking toward the future, hopefully if they decide to do yet another port/remaster, (which they probably will knowing how many times they've already ported it, and during this age of remasters and reboots,) they'll do a complete overhaul and do it on the RE Engine that they used for RE7, not just a coat of paint with a couple more pixels on the textures and call it ""ultimate."""
,Recommended,254700,12125328,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Daemon Mephiles,"Resident Evil 4 is widly considered as the best survival horror video game of all time, which is true the game get's a lot of things right in gameplay, design, and presentation.  The story is good too, as it does fit well to the resident evil formula and takes the series into a bold new direction.  6 years has passed since the devestation accord in Raccoon City.  Taking place at Europe in the rural part of Spain, U.S. Government Agent Leon Scott Kennedy is tasked to search for the President missing daughter that has been kindnapped.  Upon his arrival Leon finds out that the village isn't all what it should be as he attacked by not zombies, but by Ganados which are humans infected by the parasite know as Las Plagas.  Leon soon get's injected by the sperm of Las Plagas and only have a matter of time to complete his mission before he'll end up being one of them.Resident Evil 4 retains the series novelty, but also streamlining the frustration that has plagued the series for awhile.  It does away it's complex puzzle, fixed camera angles in favor to a more action-oriented approach, it has the best camera I've seen in RE4 and it does a great job keeping up the frame of the action and showing it's dark, gloomy visuals the game is build upon back in 2005 when it was originally released.You know what, I should say this anyway:  Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition is a solid port to a great game, it's better then the 360/PS3 version in all aspects since the settings is superb in everyway, there are a huge framerate problems in some areas, but the sence of scale and fun action is enough to enjoy this already excellent game.  Don't expect much out of this version, because this is the same PS2 version you got back in 2005 since it has all the content it needs.  Capcom needs to step up the re-release of these games and give us more of it or stop doing it entirely. (They won't stop doing it thou...)The questionable performance is a curious one since it requires a good computer, but no matter how good your PC is, you will run into framerate issues in this ""Cough"" Ultimate HD Edition.  Still, I recommended for those who wants to experience this legendary horror game for the first time or your playing this because your a fan of the series.  Rest assure, Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition is a solid port and worth the value it's asking."
,Recommended,254700,9946273,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,2049,"Keep in mind that this game is the first Resident Evil game I've played.  Ever.I can't speak for how different this game is from the past instalments.  However, this game is fantastic and I find that it's succesfully managed to get me hooked on the entire franchise; I'm a picky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to the games I like/craft the badges for nowadays, but I just had to do it for this game.  It's fun, satisfying and well worth the money I payed for it.The story is summed up like this; Leon S. Kennedy is sent to a rural Spanish village, where it is most likely the President's kidnapped daughter will be.  As you can expect, things go wrongvery quicklyand Leon is forced to fight his way to the President's daughter and fight his way out.  Not completely original but still not executed poorly; whatever story was there was enjoyable to follow and I feel like it increased how much I liked the game.Anybody who is accustomed to modern third-person shooter controls will find these ones stiff at first; you can't run and shoot, you can't run and reload, you basically can't run while on the offensive.  That being said, this feature makes Leon feel more helpless, making the atmosphere and the environment of the village-gone-wrong even more effective.  Going up against a mob of people and being forced to run away so you can regain your composure and reload is something that is key to the game and I actually think it's a good idea it's there.A problem that I faced, however, was a good amount of framerate issues.  At first these really weren't that prominent; however, when you get later in the game this just seems to get far worse than before.  Since I was already hooked on the game I didn't quit after this, nor did I find it to be a gamebreaking issue, but it still really affected how immersed I was with it.  I'm not sure that this will be fixed entirely; this is a Capcom game and to be truthful they aren't exactly amazing with their fan service (GFWL not being removed from most of their games, apparently ruining this franchise with Resident Evil 6 and Raccoon City, DLC that's completed and on the disc yet still charging customers extra for it, managing to bury my favourite Mega Man spin-off franchise).  That being said however, it isn't a MAJOR MAJOR issue and you could easily look past it with how much you're getting.To sum it up, I had and am still having a lot of fun.  Pretty much at the last parts of the game at this point and I hope that the ending will be a satisfying touch to an already great game.  I think Capcom really did justice to this instalment."
76561198049507558,Recommended,254700,29453857,Posted: 23 January,all,EdPyro,"a game worth trying, played it on 4 different systems and it never gets old."
,Recommended,254700,24746889,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Critical Nobody,"While RE4 does show it's age in some ways, specifically where textures are concerned, it still holds up as one of the best action games ever made and one of the greatest games of all time. I've played it through atleast a dozen times across multiple systems and had just as much fun playing through it again here. If you haven't experienced it, you should. A controller is strongly recommended."
,Recommended,254700,9901173,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Zilveren Vlam,"Graphics: 4/10Gameplay: 7/10longevity: 10/10originality: 8/10story: 7/10was it fun?:  Yes, very much so."
,Recommended,254700,26355248,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,Not good Resident Evil games but great Lore History & gameplay
,Recommended,254700,9285880,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jesse,Best game ever!
,Recommended,254700,12751192,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aspyre,"I've heard a lot of mixed reviews on this one. Personally, I found it to be quite entertaining. Out of the more modern Resident Evil games, this is the best. The story isn't all that amazing, but the gameplay is very fun. Controls are nice and tight, and visually looks great.My only gripe is the quick events, this is the RE title that started them. At times they're completely fine, and other times they're just really frustrating. For example, in the middle of a dialogue movie you'll need to press two buttons or just die on the spot... sometimes my hand isn't even on the keyboard as I'm watching the video... and I have to take a death and do it over. Another time I was finishing a ~5 minute event and it was followed by not one, but two events that I failed consecutively to my death. Lazy design on those in my opinion.Other than that, if you're a fan of Resident Evil... check this one out.Got this for $10 during the Halloween sale, and is WELL worth it."
76561198109089607,Recommended,254700,9887511,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Zombiebailey7,its one of the best games that i have played its lot of fun to play! i give re4 10 out 10
,Not Recommended,254700,9358565,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Cool3Deepak,"Subtitle?????????????????????????????????????  I am deaf... I must have subtitle for this game.I just check subtitle under options>Video setting but subtitle is locked. There are no way to enable subtitle at all.I decided to open config.ini where it is in C:\Users\""name""\Documents\My Games\Capcom\RE4 Then found subtitle so I change from 0 to 1 which it mean enable subtitle.Start game, subtitle is still no show. I don't know why it say support subtitle available on RE4 HD edition. Did I miss something?I am not happy about their false advertising about this game with subtitle available!!! I paid it for nothing.  Shame on Steam and Capcom!!!"
,Recommended,254700,33159867,Posted: 2 July,all,GIGA,A game so good it's not even cool to hate.
,Not Recommended,254700,20906359,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Gwidhw,"Although this game is a great one, and very well loved, I can't play it on here. It's not my PC, as I can play games like Skyrim on the highest settings and it runs fine.That said, whenever I play this game, cut-scenes run fine, all menus work as they should, and all animations are smooth overall; however, the gameplay itself is playing in slow-mo... I don't know if this is due to being a port, or what, but, what I can say is that I can't recommend getting this game on PC. You're much better off getting another version of it, on its original release system, if you want to play it...I've re-installed and uninstalled multiple times, and as I said, can play high-end, more modern games on high graphics settings. I can't figure out why this game doesn't run at a decent pace.Oh, and none of the dialogue is matching up with the cutscenes, either (they speak before the mouths move)."
,Recommended,254700,9507039,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,MrNosec,Super Kawaii president's daughter Ashley is rescued by fabulous hair lone wolf sugoi special agent Leon.11/10 IGN
,Recommended,254700,10572052,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,giovano,Very good game. A must have for RE fans.
,Not Recommended,254700,21748494,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,E to the G,"This version of RE4 is a port of the xbox 360 version, which was meant to be a 'HD remaster', the port functions and is serviceable. There are two fans giving this version a complete HD overhaul, even 3D modelling in areas that need it, and they're doing a great job of it, but Capcom should be ashamed of themselves for this, I'll explain why.Two people are capable of doing what Capcom couldn't. You mean to tell me Capcom couldn't put in the effort that these guys are putting in? Did they not have two people to spare, is manpower really that scarce over there?Nah, we all know why they didn't bother giving it a proper HD treatment, and that's why I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,254700,12853719,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ErbanVision,Doctor salvador is here to cure you with his chainsaw !!!!!!BUT SERIOUSLY IF YOU'VE NEVER PLAY THIS GAME OR OWN THE UBISOFT PORT.BUY THIS VERSION NOW AND DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR AND GET RID OF THE UBISOFT PORT.This is a great pc port9.8/10 Verdict: Enjoy
,Recommended,254700,19304300,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kawaii Nat ♡,Best game ever made. Ever.
76561198014388837,Recommended,254700,11579050,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Leon S. Kennedy,"very good game, my favorite one's are Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 2."
76561198101978528,Recommended,254700,28580469,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,daryl,One of the best shooter games out there. Totally recommended.
,Recommended,254700,12167424,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,MickyPick,"So now I have 6 copies of this game now. Anyway Resident Evil 4 is basically the game the paved the way for survival horror games like Dead Space.This game is really fun, though some people may not like the controls for keyboard and mouse. I personally played with a Xbox Controller but it comes down to personal preference I suppose.A lot of people said that this game didn't run very well, however the game ran perfectly for me at 1920x1080. No slowdowns, frame drops, etc.Specs are:AMD Athlon x3 455 3.2GHz8GB of DDR2 1333 RAM1TB Seagate + 32gb SSD (This game is on my SSD)AMD Radeon 6850 1GBThese aren't even that good of specs and I can play it maxed, so I'm not really sure how everyone else cant play it to be honest.When it comes down to it I'd give this game a 9.8/10 and it is a ""Must Play"" for any survival horror fan. Also, this game is nothing like Resident Evil 6 if you're a newer fan playing the older games. In fact I'd say that if you liked Resident Evil 6 you probably won't like Resident Evil 4 at all.Also 12/12 Achievments in 16 hours ;)"
76561198319619897,Recommended,254700,30696366,Posted: 23 March,all,PuF,Masterpiece. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9818476,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,-DB!- F.Y.I I'm a Ninja,"One of the greatest horror games of all time. If you consider yourself a fan of the third person shooter genre, the horror genre, or video games in general, you are doing yourself an immense disservice by not playing this game. The PC controls are a little odd at first, but once you get the hang of it they feel great. Tons of replayability. Runs great, and the graphics have held up pretty well for a game of it's age."
,Recommended,254700,30376885,Posted: 7 March,all,thesevenneedles,"This is one of my all time favorite games. While it may not be the best PC port of a game, if you do get it running then get ready for an amazingly horrifying journey. This game lets you play as Leon S. Kennedy, You travel to a small village in Europe to look for the presidents daughter. Along the way you'll be able to play through some of the most terrifying locations ever created. You will use an assortment of weapons from pistols, to shotguns, to SMG's, to even an RPG. The gameplay is the best its ever been in any of the games. So all around, while I do still prefer the Wii version of this game, the PC port is still good......when it works...........PC Port:8/10Wii:10/10PS2/PS3/PS4/Gamecube/Xbox360/Xbox1:9/10"
,Recommended,254700,9915248,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,KeeperOfLindblum,"Resident Evil 4 still remains to be one of the greatest games ever made.With the re-release of this ultimate HD edition on PC, it just got even more awesome-r.The best in over-the-shoulder Third Person Shooter gameplay with the ultimate survival horror.Challenge the hordes of ganados as you save the President's daughter.The graphics? They still look great!The gameplay? Second to none.The story and characters? Just gotta love them.Even after you beat it, there's still so much to unlock and play like Ada's Separate Ways and Assignment Ada. Test your skills in The Mercenaries, or just rewatch all the cutscenes with the fancy Movie Browser.Resident Evil 4 is back again... and it's still got the goods!"
,Recommended,254700,20912563,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ungeni,"Played it on GameCube. Played it on Wii. Played it on PC.This game changed Resident Evil and even if you don't like the new ones, this is just amazing.Like in other games the basic gameplay stays the same but the environment and enemies vary in a nice and exciting way.Dependent on the difficulty you choose, the game achievs the true meaning of survival horror.You don't♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants but you may run like ""oh my god! oh my god! oh my god!"".Sometimes your companion can be annoying but most of the time he/she moves smarter than companions in other games.The checkpoints are kindly placed, so you can try to start the game on normal mode, even if you don't feel brave enough.There isn't a huge selection of weapons but later in the game you can choose between different pistols and rifles, which is a perfect amount for me.All in all this game is pure fun. There are no gamebreaking bugs (I didn't experienced any bugs at all) and the gameplay is fluent (no long loading screens, boring things et cetera).I recommend to play this game with a controller."
,Recommended,254700,35352646,Posted: 30 September,all,Ravel,Kill a snake and it will give you a chicken egg.11/10
76561198039073499,Recommended,254700,10986682,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GoobyPls,"It's Resident Evil 4, but in HD. What more do you need?"
,Recommended,254700,11055253,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Hizang,"I have played many versions of Resident Evil 4, this one looks the best and has the quickest loading times and most options. I ran into some frame rate issues though that occurred whenever lots of enemies were on the screen and I used a grenade or something. Still, it is one of the best games of all time and should be played by everybody."
76561198011074437,Recommended,254700,9960980,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Weazy,still one of my favourate games
76561197992159811,Recommended,254700,9871391,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dr Robotnik,One of the best games for the Gamecube becomes even better with the Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD port on PC! I have to say i'm impressed on how good this game is on PC. 60fps is like night and day and the PC controls while akward at first feel natural after an hour or two.I'm also glad that Capcom updated the textures as it makes the game look really good by todays standards. The only complaint I have is that the Rifles reloading animation is stuck at 30fps and not 60fps. but it's a small price to pay.I give this a 9/10
,Recommended,254700,30934410,Posted: 3 April,all,Awestehn,My favorite ♥♥♥♥ing video game. Content rich.
,Recommended,254700,13062204,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,we get shoot shoot now :(,"Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition (PC Port Review)FINALLY!!! Capcom is giving appropriate attention to giving the PC heads a proper HD port!!! We can all forget that last one >_>Performance: Runs great on my system, however I have heard others having performance issues. I am able to run in max settings at a stable 60 frames through out! No frame loss through out.Input: They nailed the K/M controls. X360 controls are the same as they were on consoles, I personally have forgotten my controller completely when playing on K/M. However, if you plan on playing with K/M unplug any other controllers as the input detection seems glitchy.Good/Bad?Okay, I'm a little biased here because Resident Evil 4 is my absolute favorite game of all time. But, this is an OK port. The game itself is still all there in all it's glory, but the small performance issues I've read up on, and the glitching controls for when you try and use K/M when controllers are plugged in is a bit disheartening that Capcom got lazy with it. Worth the purchase if you loved the Resident Evil series, and if you don't have a console and have yet to experience this amazing game? This is a great way to see what transpires in rural Europe with Leon.Game: 4.5/5Port: 3/5"
,Recommended,254700,11179066,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Randen Vanguard,"I'm going to discuss the quality in this purchase in two ways: in the first paragraph I'll talk about how it is as a port, and on the second I'll talk about how the gameplay stands up.In case you don't want to read the full review, I'll just come out: It's a bad port to a good gameSo why is this a bad port? Well first of all, the automatic framerate is set to 60 fps. Now I run a good computer (flawlessly playing skyrim with 70 mods good) but when I played it with that setting the whole game slowed down. I felt like I was watching a slow-mo replay that never stopped. There really is no excuse for that from a ten year old game. I changed it from 60 to 30 fps, and it worked perfectly for me. HOWEVER, I noticed on the reviews some complained about headaches from the jumpiness of the framerate, which they say must have been below 30. Honestly, I didn't notice. I felt fine. So, if you're sensative to that kind of thing, be wary. But like I said, I didn't feel a change. The aiming also can get a bit janky, but honestly, the fact I can use the mouse made up for that. The other thing is that the controls can be REALLY weird. They were already weird on the gamecube, but hell: if you want to rotate an item in your inventory you have to use the ""delete"" button. And they never tell you. And you can't change it. (I'd be angry at Capcom for this impossible to guess choice of button, if it wasn't for the fact I was legitimately concerned with Capcom's mental well being. xD) Then there is the promise of HD textures. HD?! More like Hardly Different! AM I RIGHT, FOLKS?! But no, seriously, there is nothing HD about it. (That being said the standard graphics really aren't bad, so eh.)So does this game hold up today? YES. Is it fun? YES. Does the poor quality of the port get in the way of fun too much? NO. Really, if this port is the only one you can get your hands on, you should get this (unless, of course, the headache issue above may be a problem for you). I was told that some of the later Resident Evil games (that I didn't play) became repetative and boring. Resident Evil 4 doesn't, and it does this a few ways: There is a constant difficulty, you always have to worry about a zombie flanking you, or just about the sheer force of the enemy; the enemies are often varried, not excessively, but enough that things are spiced up, and the level design is just really good. There is a section where you're in a castle for a long time, so the game designers are like, ""You know what be cool... A room full of lava... And there are dragon flame thrower things... Bro... That'd be so cool."" and then they did. And it was. (to be fair, this probably should have broken my immersion. It didn't. But it should have.If a survival horror game has a lava-dragon room, you know repetitive environments are NOT an issue. xDThe shooting itself is a bit weird, only allowing you to move or shoot, not both. I feel like this is actually a really good choice, it makes it so where you position yourself is more important (Tactics!) and it means you have a steady enough aim to get proper headshots (Gore! Sometimes!). Ammo conservation is also a big deal if you're not careful, it can get really tense when you realize you don't have many shotgun rounds to fall back on.The dialogue is literally the cheesiest thing I've ever heard, but it's one of those ""so bad it's good"" situations, and the story itself is... Okay, I suppose. You're certainly not going to be playing it for the story, anyway. You'll be playing for the gameplay. DID I MENTION THE GAMEPLAY IS GOOD? YES? AT LEAST FIVE TIMES? GOOD. LET ME TELL YOU A FEW MORE. This is a good game, it's just good. I had fun. It was a fun time."
,Recommended,254700,11669150,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,M.D. Chaos,"If you have not played Resident evil, you can never find a better place to start than this.Resident evil 4 is still a great game 10 years later with it's incredibly satisfying gunplay, great atmosphere, replayability, etc.However when one of the greats first made it to pc, the result was abysmal.Now only was it a straight port from the ps2 version(the graphically inferior one), it had no mouse support and the keys were clunky.However 9 years later, Capcom Re-did the port with not only updated visuals and mouse support, but also made it run at 60 fps which feels great.If capcom keeps fixing up older ports like Onimusha 3 and Devil may cry 3, they could have themselves a winner.If you already played Re4 a bajillion times, you may or may not want to pick it up.But if you wanted the re4 pc port you had in your dreams, this is worth it.If you haven't played re4 at all, absolutely get this.8/10 not only a great game, but a significant upgrade from the original 2005 pc port."
,Recommended,254700,11375147,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,^4|W^7&^2M|^4Flyaway,This game never gets old
76561198288888522,Recommended,254700,29161568,Posted: 10 January,all,FallenAngel,It is an excelent game. I think is one of the best games of resident evil series. It will keep you company for many hours and if you want to complete all side stories and unlock everything in this game it will add some more time for you (excelent time).
,Recommended,254700,9336536,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Emilie De Rochefort™,The reason why i bought this game again is Ada Wong
,Recommended,254700,12859054,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,siberianV5,"I'm glad Capcom decided to re-master this PC port of RE4, this new version is so very well done - from the textures, characters as well the gameplay settings. I really enjoyed playing this new RE4 remastered, it also gave me a big nostalgic feels as the first game that made me follow the entire Resident Evil/Biohazard series."
,Not Recommended,254700,9310323,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,HookersNCoke,A lot of graphic and performence problems.I can run much higher quality games.Needs a lot of patching
,Recommended,254700,26440442,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Aqua_Taco,the big cheese
,Not Recommended,254700,9300477,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Rusty Hardy,"I own this game on GameCube. I beat it four times, back to back. I love this game. It is, by far, my favorite, non-Zelda-game, of all time. This version; for Steam, I anticipated and even pre-ordered; something I swore I would never do again, after being burned on Aliens Colonial Marines. I pre-loaded this game as soon as I was able, and the moment it was released I played it....or, at least I tried to. The game runs in super slow mo whenever there are lighting effects visible. Leon’s run is at half what his walking speed should be. I tried everything to make the game run smoother. I set it to its lowest setting. Went so far as to run it in a tiny window with no anti-aliasing. Didn’t help. I run BioShock Infinite and Tomb Raider on Ultra with hardly any slow down, even in action intense sections. So, I know I don't have a problem with my hardware. What is the deal Capcom? Patch this nonsense NOW....pretty please. I want, so badly, to play this game again and relive all those magical days of calling in sick for work because I forgot to go to bed the night before -up all night playing. Fix this slowdown issue and I will forgive you and update my review to sing your praises."
,Recommended,254700,9285204,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,AyyySB,"If you are reading this review because you are unsure if Resident Evil 4 is a good game, AND you are the owner of a monster spec PC, then stop reading, buy the game and enjoy it because it is amazing. However, if you are concerned about the PC port, keep reading.At the time of writing this review, only the actual PC port was tested. Firstly, it is MUCH better then the original RE4 port however it is not perfect.There are a few options which are pointless because they cripple your view. Motion blur makes you feel like you are drunk and the post-processing adds a black and white film-grainy filter to it. It is 3 different colours and it makes the game look worse.Also on my AMD R7 250, I could not run the game in 60FPS on 1080p however it ran fine on 720p with the occassional drop. Yes this could be because my card is not amazing but what I am saying is that maybe it could be optimised to run at 60FPS better on lower end systems. Not everyone owns a monster-spec PC though Capcom!The game has 2 frame rate settings, 60 and 30. If your computer cannot handle 60 then the frame rate will drop to 30 and because the FPS is connected to the speed, it will half the speed. The default settings reset button seems to be accurate enough though when it comes to optimising the game for you, which is a first!Finally, the mouse controls work fine however you cannot use the mouse in the inventory. Not a big deal but its fine. The game is still RE4 alright though and it is clear that it was taken seriously that the game was going to be ported. Keep in mind that you probably will need a high-end GPU in order to play 1080p/60FPS.Overall, Capcom has done a good job but there is still room for future performance patches to improve performance on lower end cards like my R7 250. However, I can report that overclocking my R7 250 ,which more-or-less increases the quality of the card so it is equal to the 7750, makes it run fine with AA off. Final verdict, the port is great."
,Not Recommended,254700,9291821,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Milton,What a awful port. Totally a waste of money. Mouse/ Camera controls suck.
,Recommended,254700,11218524,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rooski,"I've played and owned this third-person shooter/survival horror masterpiece countless times before. I have some complaints, all of which are very minor:-I could only run this game efficiently at 30 FPS, windowed, and with low shadow quality. This of course may vary based on your own set-up.-I still have to open my inventory every time I want to switch weapons.-Lack of new content. This can also be a good thing. After all, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.Now the good:-Even at 30 FPS, windowed, and with low shadow quality RE4 still looks FANTASTIC. Honestly, the differences I saw between HD and Standard are so slight they may as well not exist.-Keyboard/mouse controls have that 'getting used to' phase, but quickly become very easy to use and responsive.-It's Resident Evil 4, need I go on?"
,Recommended,254700,12068779,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,PREDATARRRR,"I jumped out of the window from the second story of a farm house, shot a guy in the face, roundhouse kicked him and the people next to him, and killed a crow that dropped a hand grenade. Afterwards, I came home to find RE 4 HD was on sale and bought the Hell out of it!When I think back to the games that brought me the most fun and joy, one of the first to pop into my mind is Resident Evil 4. To this day, it's still tied for my favorite game of all time. With a story that both terrifies me and makes me want to keep playing, linear gameplay that still encourages me to explore and has almost seemless chapter transition, an arsenal of weapons that makes me feel badass at one point and barely strong enough at others, and a lead protagonist who screams complete awesomeness, Resident Evil 4 is, for me, the highlight of the franchise as well as the highlight of my entire gaming career."
76561198069735211,Recommended,254700,12703971,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DaHotFuzz,"I've beaten this game numerous times on PS2 and so far, from what I've experienced, the HD version of RE 4 on PC is a nostalgic trip down memory lane.  The textures have been sharpened nicely, the lighting effects are pretty, and the water reflections are more noticeable.As a diehard RE fan, I believe 4 was the last amazing installment in the entire series considering it was at this point where the games core mechanics drastically changed, ie, third person, elimination of top-down camera angles that only altered upon entering different rooms (which I miss desperately because they increased the sense of fear and suspense throughout  playing, even though there were critics who believed this point of view made controls more difficult), combat moves such as kicking Ganados when they're stunned, weapon upgrades, collecting relics worth money TO upgrade/modify/buy weapons, inventory size, etc; the list goes on and on.  Ultimately, though, RE 4 is an excellent game that introduced a plethora of features never before seen or utilized in the series prior to this installment.  It was a fantastic game on the Gamecube, PS2 and yes, it's even better for the PC when you take into the consideration that, if your PC can handle it, the 60 fps makes an enormous difference in your gameplay.My only con with the game so far is the mouse and keyboard controls.  I realize this is just preference and can be fixed by using a 360 controller, which I intend on doing, but overall these controls are difficult to adjust to at first.Other than that, what are you waiting for? Get this now and relive a piece of gaming history!"
76561198057954780,Recommended,254700,16453560,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Blaze Rhodon,"Resident Evil 4 is great game (in my humble opinion the best from Resident Evil series) but had terrible port for PC from Playstation 2. Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD version recompenses all drawbacks, it has improved graphics and mouse support. Game is really long and challenging, it has a lot of puzzles and hard enemies. Controls are easy to learn and with mouse support it is easier than with game pad. Really great third person shooter with a lot of challenging puzzles. I recommend this game especially to PC players who were unsatisfied with original version published by Ubisoft."
,Recommended,254700,9748224,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Vash(88),"What can I say about this game that most people don't already know?  It was the first over the shoulder attempt in the Resident Evil series and without a doubt the best of the three.  RE5 had the co-op to hold it together, and RE6 was just a joke.  RE4 pushes the limits from time to time, but Leon still feels vulnerable enough to leave a sense of survival behind -- unlike RE5 and 6.  Both difficulties, if played in order, give the player an extremely well balanced game.  Get your knife ready, because you are going to need it!The game-play in RE4 is awesome; however, if the player is stepping back from RE5 or 6, then the character will feel a bit clunky at first.  The enemies are also a bit more responsive than in RE5, which keeps the player on his/her toes.  There is a good variety of enemies for each section of the game, and the progression as well as the pacing is spot on.  This game also has better exploration than its follow-ups. Some parts actually require the player to back track in order to acquire certain weapons if he/she does not want to buy them from the merchant.The idea of a giant escort mission can sometimes turn people away, but this game creates the perfect setting for such a task, and it also paces the escorting so that it does not become repetitive or annoying.  The escorting brings a feeling of co-op from time to time which helps keep the game interesting.The inventory system in this game is hands down the most enjoyable of all the RE titles.  Leon is given  an upgradable backpack that the player can organize to the way he/she sees fit.  The weapons are also upgradable and numerous -- for an RE title.Over all, this game is well paced, action packed and well designed -- occasionally a little cliche or cheesy.  The PC version doesn't offer much beyond a sharper resolution and better controls for those that prefer a mouse and keyboard, but the game is still worth $20 in my eyes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=236890077"
,Recommended,254700,10419697,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Justin J (PuNk),"EVERY previous version of this game was capped at 30fps. the original gc release was 30fps, ps2 30fps, hd wii remake 30fps, xbox, original pc, etc all 30fps, this IS THE FIRST EDITION EVER capable of 60fps.most of the console versions (maybe all) ran it at 480i resolution too....very low resolution. very ugly with the stairway effect...choppy, jaggedy graphics. this is 1080p, maybe even 4k (havent tested the 4k)the graphics are now more detailed and look way better than any pervious version, but you have the option to play with the original graphics too.PROS:----------------------------------------------------------can run in 1080pimproved graphics60fps for the first time everlimited ammolots of enemieslots of extra game modesextra campaigne storiesmerc modeunlockable weapons and itemsupgradable weapons and storagebuy/sell weapons, ammo, otheramazing boss fights that are very funNON REPETATIVE GAMEPLAY! (maybe others have a different opinion)lots of weapons to usegreat storyCONS:when reloading any sniper, the animation looks like 30fps but steam overlay still shows 60fps.this is one of my ALL TIME favorite games. i have played and beaten it so many times on GC, then so many more times on ps2, than even more times on the original pc release!!! then i modded that original pc release and beat it even more times, i even bought the hd wii version (never beat it there but it was fun), now i bought this, and you can only imagine whats next.....over-all id say ive prolly beaten this game over 150 times. earning all the extras each time, replaying through the game with them, etc....10 out of 10. buy it you wont regret!!!"
,Recommended,254700,10922066,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Manguas,"First of all, this is not a perfect port. At first I thought I wasted my money. After some settings, the game is fine.The controls of this game is little different from recent games. I played this game long ago on PC with only keyboard. Now I tried it with keyboard+mouse. The mouse is not working like recent games. You use keyboard to turn right-left not mouse. Even gamepad controlling is different from recent games, which you use right stick to turn your face and walking direction. On this game, gamepad is like keyboard, you use left stick (or d-pad) for walking and turning direction. I strongly recommend a gamepad.This is a old game. Even if they say ""HD"" it is old. Thus, don't buy this game for graphics. Graphic performance is terrible. On default settings, the game is unplayable. I set the frame rate 30, motion blur off, and antialiasing off. Now it is fine."
,Recommended,254700,10012556,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Faggy Issues,10/10
76561198047974644,Recommended,254700,10037562,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Toby,This game is glorious!!!
,Recommended,254700,9762422,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,woodiland,"Resident Evil 4: Ultimate HD Edition,a scare from the past or a ruined childhood?--ABOUT--Resident Evil 4 was originally released on the GameCube back in 2005,and claimed high critics and overall top scores.You play as Leon Kennedy, and your mission is to rescue Ashley Graham,the president's daugther. She's been kidnapped and brought to a villagesomewhere in Spain. And Leon soon realizes not everything is normal inthis village.This Re-release of Resident Evil 4 has been given the name Ultimate HD Edition,and features revamped textures, all of the bonus contents previously releasedon other platforms and improved PC controlls.--RREVIEW--First off I will start by saying that Resident Evil 4 was one of my favorite gamesduring my childhood. I loved the hell out of that game. UnfortunatelyI sold my old GameCube system many years ago, so when I sawthey were going to release it on Steam, I was genuinely happy,I could finally play it again, and it was the Ultimate edition.We need to understand that we're talking about a 8-9 year old game,and think back to when this game was released, this gamebroke bounderies for graphics and gameplay back then,and there's actually a limit to what they really can do withthis re-release. This is not Resident Evil 4 with Crysis graphics,it's the same good old engine as the original.The textures has been improved slightly, but there are HDmods out there that gives you even better textures.The gameplay is same as the original, clumsy-tank controlswhich adds the feeling of claustrophobia and panic when thezombies (Los Ganados) surrounds you.In 2014, we're used to tight responsive controls for the PC,so many will not like these old'days tank controls.Tank controls means there's a design aspect where youcan't look or turn around using your mouse. To turn aroundand change your walking direction you need to use yourA and D keys. For many this will bring frustration and agony,for others it's perfect game design which improves uponthe scare of the game.This is still to-date (based on personal feelings) the bestResident Evil game made, and this Re-release stays trueto the original game mechanics and controls.It took me around 12 hours to finish this game, after completingthe game once, you unlock 3 types of mini-games, ""Separate Ways""which lets you play as Ada Wong and see her side of the main storyspanning 5 stages, ""Ada's Assignment"" is a small minigame with1 stage only where you need to run around collecting stuff andfighting the Los Ganados, and then there's the ""Mercenaries""game which is a type of enemy-wave mode where you needto kill as many Ganados as you can within a time limit.The objective is to get the highest score possible, and basedon your completion and glory you get to unlock morecharacters to use in that game mode, this game modealso features 4 different stages.Completing these mini games will award you withcostume unlocks for the main characters during themain story game. After completing the game onceyou also unlock the New Game option, where youstart over again but with the equipment, ammo and weaponsyou had from your previous playthrough.The game did have problems at launch, several performanceproblems, basic elements in the game menu was missing,like Audio Options, unlogical PC control layout forinventory management and Quick-Time-Events.---CONCLUTION---This game will easily provide you with 17-25 hoursof enjoyment (main story + mini games), and evenmore hours if you decide to do a New Game playthrough.The game is a classic, and the game mechanics and controlsis not like the new modern games. If you're a veteran ofRE4 and have played the original releases, you willmost likely love this new re-release, but if you're newto this game, you might find the graphics andgameplay disappointing.The asking price is 20€. I think it is a tad too highfor a 8-9 year old game. So you have to decide for yourselfif the price is worth it. For me it was.---SCORE---I feel it's unfair to compare the graphics upagainst today's eyecandy games like Metro: Last Light,Crysis and Battlefield, so the graphics score will bebased on how good it is compared to how good it COULDhave been for this re-release.Because of a troubled launch, and some majorunlogical PC control decisions, this takes a big negativehit on the Gameplay score.Graphics: 7/10Story: 7/10Gameplay: 6/10Value: 8/10Score: 7.0/10"
,Recommended,254700,9948179,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,KB ΩΔΦ,"So I have beaten the main story line/seperate ways/assignment ada..UPDATE ON FPS DROP IN POSSIBLE BUGS.|||||||  If your 60FPS mode starts going into slow-mo. Press M for the map screen, wait 2 seconds then it should be back to smooth. Instead of alt-tabbing out. Haven't crashed like this.||||||||||||||||||||Having only played the gamecube version of this game with at least 75+ hours clocked in when I was younger, I expect a lot. I expect a lot especially as the first port, that I actually have, ended up as garbage. lolI saw that this game is being updated with its bug fixes/add ons which makes it feel promising so I decided to buy it. I loved RE4 too much not to give this a try.\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\First off, having played RE5/RE6 where the controllers are smoother on pc, I feel spoiled. I won't take away/bad talk  RE4 due to the fact that they are trying to keep this game as close as possible to the original which I can appreciate(or at least I Think they are).You can't move/strafe while aiming, you have to aim to reload,  the movement feels old (it came out in 05 lol)Stuff like that is something I will just get used to.\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\POSITIVES\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\Fortunately, you can change the key binds. I already hated using ""E"" as a action button. I switched that to ""F"".The 60 FPS and graphics looks sexy as ♥♥♥♥.After a good 20 minutes, the controls felt smooth, they feel almost exactly how I played on the gamecube. The ""modern"" aiming style is phenomenal. The only thing that scared me was the first QTE from the boulder run, made me smash X with XC to dodge.UPDATE: Just started 2-2 and I cannot complain. So far I am loving this game! The controllers feel great after you get used to them and aiming does not feel restricted! The team could not have done a better job.UPDATE: The team really out-did itself by listening to the community and fixing the bugs! They remade the game enjoyable and I love them for it.NEGATIVES\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\A negative I found is using the inventory. Maybe I haven't figured it out yet but using the inventory is a pain already lol. I don't want to have to move my hand from my mouse just to move stuff around. Yes, call me lazy but thats just me.You have to deal with Ashley again lolThe audio-desync started happening near the ending scenes. I'm sure they will fix this tho as they have fixed more than half the game already.Seperate Ways movie clips look like complete♥♥♥♥♥lolPOSSIBLE BUGS\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\After I save, the frame rate dropped to 30 but since the settings are on ""60"", the game speed was just cut in half. All I did was alt-tab and it would be start working normal again. This was from the first save typewriter, the ones after that were normal without bugging out.I have been having a lot more FPS drops/""slomo""bug. My game will become really slow/drop to 30fps but all I have to do is alt-tab out and alt-tab back in.It seems that the FPS drop/""slow mo"" keeps getting worse and worse. It happens often anytime I switch the screens like say I go to the merchant or just simply press tab. Of course all I do is alt-tab back in but that crashed my game once so now I'm scared. This is something that should be looked into and fixed ASAP.My pc specs areAMD Phenom x4 965 OC'ed to 3.8ghz8gb DDR3 Kingstong HyperX ram at 1333mhzMSI Twin Frozr III GTX 560 TI 448 core"
76561198062095052,Recommended,254700,29713382,Posted: 5 February,all,redjay71,"To those who have never played this game:short version: It good. Very.long version:I have never played any of the Resident Evil series before, but I remembered hearing that this one game was the epitome of survival horror for its time, so I finally decided to get it (over a decade later, ikr). (It was also a favorite on G4's X-Play! Anyone else remember them? Anyone? Ok...) I read that some people were not satisfied with the control scheme, but here's my opinion: IGNORE THEM. This is an awesome game! The inventory management, treasure-hunting, upgrade system (gotta love the Merchant), and combat makes this game extremely addicting. Also, there is plenty of FREE in-game DLC you can unlock, just the way it should be!Some cons: when I started, the default motion blur made me sick, so I recommend turning it off. I made some other change but cannot remember it now. (Just tweak the settings until you like what you see.) And some people do not like that you cannot move while aiming to shoot, and they do not like the tank-like controls. However, I got accustomed to it using my 360 gamepad, and you can too. If you just can't let go of your CoD or Halo control schemes and will cry if you have to, then maybe this isn't for you. But get over it. It's really worth it. Also, quick-time events are occasional gameplay, but it gets predictable and easy to work with. Oh, and one boss fight seemed too unfair, but whatever.If you've never played this, buy it. I'm glad I did. It's an experience you will not forget. Be warned though. You will become addicted...Merchant: ""WHAT ARE YA BUYIN'?"""
,Recommended,254700,9988595,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Cheb,"I was actually shocked to see this announced. With a terrible and hopeless port of RE4 being released years ago, I thought this'd never become a reality. I squealed like a weeaboo teenage girl when I saw the pre-orders in the steam updates popup.Upon release my heart was broken, as was the game itself. The aiming went all over the place and made the act of playing the game stressful as all hell, and I'd realised that I'd given all my hopes up for something that was probably asking too much in the first place. There would be no perfect edition of Resident Evil 4. Such is life, such is the way of porting games from nearly ten years ago...But then, to my surprise, they came out with a patch not a week later. A new aiming mode? All the aiming issues are fixed in both modes, you say? I was so genuinely surprised that in one simple patch they managed to fix every single issue I encountered. Pure ecstasy, and all my friends who were put off in the beginning were once again interested. But then I started encountering new issues with the game, for instance 'struggle' QTEs were hard as balls to pull off like I could in the console versions. Suddenly, here come the beta patches. Pretty much any issue I encounter gets targeted and I'm very grateful for that.Honestly, I'm sat here still letting it sink in that one of my favourite games got a successful makeover for current operating systems. The game looks and feels fantastic at high resolutions and framerates, although I had to turn motion blur off because it's not the best kind of blur. Only thing I could say is that I'm disappointed that it doesn't have the crosshair aiming system from the PC version of Resident Evil 5, especially since that functionality was in the Wii edition, but you can easily look past that and in the end it's still easily the best version of RE4 on the market today.Thank you Capcom! This is easily the happiest I've been with a release in a long time. And I hope you continue to support this game and hopefully allow some form of modding community access to the game, just to keep breathing life into it."
,Recommended,254700,25278932,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Nighthawk,Best Resident Evil game
,Recommended,254700,12195234,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,maley,"One of my favorite games ever, I've played it over 6 times to completion now.  Everything about it from the cheesy scenes, the gun animations, the merchant, the boss battles, the other characters is just wonderful.  I just love everything about this game.It's a 3rd person action/adventure I suppose, the horror from past games isn't really here.  There is also the Mercenaries mode, professional mode and a slew of add ons made after the original release on Gamecube that gives this game an insane amount of conrent.  The game isn't really scary like former RE games but it's so much fun to play.  Easily worth the buy (this was the 3rd time I've bought it).If you're thinking about getting this, some modders are doing some crazy work here:http://www.re4hd.com/"
76561198085083749,Recommended,254700,33235003,Posted: 4 July,all,Ashamedcircle,Where does he keep that briefcase?
76561198098928100,Recommended,254700,34997901,Posted: 16 September,all,Dark_Tsukuyomi,The last Resident Evil game that i actually enjoy playing thru..
76561198079554219,Recommended,254700,31822697,Posted: 18 May,all,Delta Aku Wolf,"I have been a Resident Evil fan for a while. RE4 was the one that broke the mold. And it was a success. While some of the animations look weird due to the 60 FPS, I cannot deny that the game looks great in HD. All in all, I would give a 9/10. Ashley is annoying at times hence the non-perfect score."
,Recommended,254700,35506806,Posted: 5 October,all,Nathan,Amazing classic.
,Recommended,254700,24920991,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Shh'Paghetti,"Practicaly it's the Resident Evil 4 PS3 edition on PC:-Same achievements;-Same graphics;-Same bonus content;-Runs in HD;The only difference it's running way better on PC at breath taking 60 fps and it has trading cards.I would recommend this game to everybody who is a fan of the Resident Evil franchise.And if you are new, RE4 it is a good start for you to enter in this amazing franchise."
76561198045151435,Recommended,254700,9296445,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Fox In Curry,"This game is one of the best games in history, and im so happy that its out on pc.I'm a rly big resident evil fan, so im glad the pc version is so well made.So if u want to shoot some f***ing zombies, and feel very good about it..... Then buy this game :)Attention! In this game there will be a little girl screaming at u, when she is about to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by zombies (Ashley)!"
,Recommended,254700,10840054,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FusionZGamer,You can still look up ashleys skirt 10/10... I mean i havent tried it but a friend told me.....
76561198297086956,Recommended,254700,34657492,Posted: 1 September,all,Feyrbrand,"This game is amazing, one of a kind. Though, I am not a fan of playing it with a mouse, NOT AT ALL. I wouldn't recommend this version unless they intended to play with a controller. The early PC version of this game is absolutely fine, where the mouse is not involved at all, but in this HD version they included it and it didn't work at all. This is Resident Evil for God's sake, I'm supposed to be aiming with my left hand."
,Recommended,254700,33510495,Posted: 13 July,all,GreenSkull,"I really enjoyed playing this game except for the quicktime events....i ♥♥♥♥ing hate quicktime events. Its where about 90% of my deaths came from XD. Its a bit more faster paced than the first 2, which made it more of a mix between action and strategy. So hey if your a fan of Resident Evil games, give this one a shot...you wont be dissapointed. Also when you beat the game your get 3 extra bonus games to play through....pretty fun as well and just adds to the story we all love.  so upgrade those weapons and kick some zombie mutant♥♥♥♥♥and of course save the girl."
76561198043053799,Recommended,254700,22585980,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,holychair,"I’m kinda late to the party here, still please bear with me in case you're among those veterans of the PS2 version who now think that this game didn’t age well.For that was exactly what I was thinking (at first blush) when the ""ultimate HD edition"" came out. I found the graphics dated and outright hideous in places – the (supposedly) “HD” overhaul cannot be compared in any way to those of REmake and Zero HD, where textures range from nice to absolutely stunning. Furthermore I had real problems to get used to tank controls again - after all these years this control paradigm of old felt real clunky to me.And so, after about an hour and a half in, I shelved RE4 HD again. Instead I poured 200 hours into Mikami’s “The Evil Within”, which I personally think is indeed the spiritual successor to RE4.Regarding the Resident Evil franchise, I regularily played (and still play) the PC versions of RE5, RE6, REmake HD, Zero HD as well as Revelations 1&2. You see, I’m a fan of both the old survival horror games AND the newer, more action oriented games. That’s why there still always remained a certain itch to pick up and try out RE4 yet again.I eventually did when I recently got wind of a modding project where two very dedicated guys are redoing all the textures to make them real HD (while at the same time keeping the look and feel faithful to the original). They’re not done yet, but they’re making fast progress and what they already have to show looks absolutely fantastic. Once the overhaul is complete, this game will look as good (and in places even better) as the later entries or remakes of the franchise.I originally planned on waiting for the whole texture modding project to be done, but then decided to give the unmodded version one last go. In my earlier attempts to do that, the main obstacle to enjoying RE4 like I used to were the tank controls. I imagine I’m not the only one with that problem, even though nobody dares to say it aloud for fear of getting the “Go and play CoD then” dress-down. Anyway, I can report that the uncomfortable feeling of not being in total control over my character completely went away once I decided to put some conscious effort into getting the controls down again. It turned out it was not that hard too, really: I felt comfortable again even before the first chapter was over. I now realize that the controls are not “clunky” at all, just different.I’m now enjoying the game very much again, and I’m very happy that I stayed with it. Taking the HD modding project into account, there’s really only one aspect of the game left where I think it didn’t age too well and that is Mikami’s decision to sometimes let enemies spawn where they physically shouldn’t (because you checked or cleared out that very room or section just a few seconds ago and there’s no way these guys could have entered from somewhere). He sure did this for “horror effect” back then, but nowadays it just feels wrong. All in all, this is a very minor annoyance, though, which definitely shouldn’t deter you from enjoying this game, which is not just a great classic, but a landmark of the history of gaming itself.P.S.: As a bonus I have posted in the comments section of this review a solution to the only potentially game breaking bug the ultimate HD edition for the PC has."
76561198011965365,Recommended,254700,14149919,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"This was the 1st resident evil in which it changed the series and the game play. There are some puzzles but there nothing like the puzzles you have saw on resident evil 1,2, and 3.The new experience is amazing. Its less scary unless a zombie comes out of nowhere. The new port for resident evil had a bad start but at the end it now works. I enjoyed the gameplay, even though I own the original game on pc which ubsoft did.Once you beat the game you get 3 other game modes. This prob adds about 2-3 hours worth of gameplay depending how you are.MercenariesOperation AdaSeparate ways"
76561198197123261,Recommended,254700,23663752,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,So im a huge fan of resident evil......finished this game and love love love it......the controls are a bit hard on pc but thats classic resident evil controls and once you play a bit you get used to them....this is one of the best resident evils there is.....i highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival horror and zombies.  you will not be dissapointed by this game....i also had no bugs or glitches when playing this and it ran smooth.  The story was what i would expect from a resident evil game.   sometimes shooting was a little difficult because its hard to aim but it doesnt make it too hard to play.  Overall this game is one of the best in the franchise........10/10
76561198077025018,Recommended,254700,12481562,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"Shinji Mikami's second masterpeice after the 1996 original: Resident Evil, and before his most recent masterpeice of 2014: The Evil Within.This is when the RE franchise took a step in a new direction and became an Action-Survival Horror Third Person Shooter. However, I believe solely due to Mikami's influence and direction that they got the formula correct. They kept most gameplay mechanics similar (I.E. Scarce Ammo, Scarce Health, Limited Movement), while also increasing the amount of action the player encounters, re-invigorating the franchise with a new light and giving the player the choice to either evade or confront.RESIDENT EVIL 4:Play as Leon Kennedy as he investigates a mysterious town lead by a sadistic cult.His mission: To rescue the President's daughter, Ashley Graham.The HD port is faithful to the original, while being the best version yet. Multiple optimizations, including but not limited to: 30/60 fps, 1080p resolution, and different grain filters.Normal, Hard, and Professional difficulties available.New game plus unlocks upon completion, only available for the difficulty level completed.*Official Horror Inventory Tetris Simulator 2005."
,Recommended,254700,9338575,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,tiddles,plz buy iz gud gaem guise totaly knot reboted for the 72nd tyme <3
,Recommended,254700,12286773,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,lolschrauber,"An absolutely good classic game with slightly refurbished graphics.Most people's favourite Resident Evil game (of the more recent ones).It took me around 10 hours to beat, which is a fair amount of hours for a main story these days.Only annoying part is the quicktime events, which, lets face it, everyone hates.I've heard that this is a terrible port, with audio lag problems and stuff, which I can confirm, at least for my weak laptop.On my computer however it works perfectly fine at constant 60 FPS at 1080p with all details maxed out, my specs are:Intel i7-4770 | Geforce GTX 760 | 8 GB ramAs usual, I strongly recommend using a 360 controller with this game, but I guess any other halfway decent one will do."
76561198052109716,Recommended,254700,12757220,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sarumoon,"What can i say? This game hardly needs my review to tell it its great, it already knows. One of the best games ever 10/10 a masterpiece."
,Recommended,254700,9403051,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dfactor,"Many of you are probably already familiar with the game. RE4 is the turning point of the franchise. Capcom decided to change the way you play the game simply because REmake and Zero didn't sell well (GameCube). For the first time Resident Evil was fully 3D with behind the shoulder camera. Many people loved it and called it the best RE ever made, many people hated it and said that it's the reason behind the downfall of RE series, others liked both old and new. Will you like it? That's for you to decide.Just like in my other REviews I'll make a list of pros and cons. This time obviously I'll compare it to both oldschool and newschool REs. So, here's a list of alphabetical pros and cons:Pros:-Camera. It's been finally patched and now you can choose between classic and centered camera. Whatever you like the most, that is.-Characters. RE4 features characters we already like(especially Wesker, heheh)and introduces bunch of new cool ones.-DLCs. RE4UHD features all available extra content there is for free! Separate Ways, Assignment Ada, Mercenaries. No need to buy them.-Enemies. New undiscovered enemies add extra scare factor.-Graphics. The game now runs in 1080p @ 60fps. there are some extra effects such as motion blur, post processing. The game's main story features real time rendered cutscenes.-Melee. Now you have a knife that doesn't take inventory space. Also now you can do special moves (basically coup de grâce but they're not always lethal).-Mercenaries. RE is well known for it's mercenaries mode in which with the given time limit you kill as many enemies as possible. It's a really fun mode and everyone should try it.-Mods. You can expect to see model, texture and even ambient effects mods!-Puzzles. Just like in old times there are few puzzles mixed in.-Replay value. The game has a decent replay value, especially with extra items you can earn, plus it allows you save all your end game's equipment and transfer it to a new game (obviously within borders of one difficulty).-Single player. ~70% of the time you're alone which is (of course) better (and more scary) than being with someone.-Soundtrack. The game features a good soundtrack.-Survival Horror. Still somewhat scary.-Upgrades. You can upgrade your weapons! A really satisfying (but less realistic) feature. And as an extra you can attach thing to your weapons (stock, scope).-Variety of weapons. Knife, handguns, shotguns, rifles. magnums, TMP, bowgun, RPG, mine thrower and other bonus weapons!-Weather. Unlike in previous installments which had almost static weather (always night) RE4's weather changes with the areas/chapters.Cons:-Characters. There are few characters people would like to forget about. MainlySalazarandAshley.-Controls. Might be one of the biggest problems here. I'm not saying that the controls are bad. They're were OK when the game was released and still can be mastered. However, the horror that is crafted by the expense of the controls is a matter of discussion. You can't dodge or counter, the controls are tanky, but now there's finally a native mouse support.-Enemies. There are no beloved zombies. Only parasite (Las Plagas) controlled humans and other species.-Escort. ~30% of the time you have to escort a person with you. Sometimes you can hide him, sometimes there's no other way but to fight with him. It's possible to accidentally kill this person (enemies can kill too, y'know) which will result in ""Mission Failed"" screen.-Graphics (and Performance). RE4UHD allows you to play at anti-aliased 1080p, 60fps. That's pretty much it as the ""HD"" textures are ...erm... ""Capcom HD"" as in barely HD at all. There's a big inconsistency going on when there are extremely old blurry together with higher res new ones. Also one more thing should be mentioned. Some textures look more cleaner than the old ones aka less scary.-QTEs. The QTEs here are unforgiving. They give you somewhere around 1.5 seconds to react and some of them require great button mashing skills.-Story. Barely any.I can't remember everything, so excuse me if I forgot something.I tried to make the pros and cons listbias-free, but it seems like I did not satisfy the fanboys.Final verdict: it's a love/hate relationship. So play the game and see it for yourself."
76561198050886478,Not Recommended,254700,9303389,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Herman Mcpootis,"the game itself is quite good, but WHERE THE F%$K IS THE TURN OFF GAME BUTTON?! and the controls, speed and overall quality of the game itself is so horribly clunky it's completely ludricrous since its unplayable. i used to love the series but this alone is almost enough to make me leave. CAPCOM, FIX THIS HORRIBLE EXCUSE FOR A PC PORT! have a nice day."
,Not Recommended,254700,9290264,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MrToastBoy,Leon Runs in Honey or something equally sticky Evil 4
,Recommended,254700,24390994,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Black Yoshi,LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!LEON!  HEEEEELP!  LEON!  HEEEEELP!
,Recommended,254700,9349379,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,kraidle88,"There really isn't a whole lot to say about this game that hasn't been said already. CAPCOM has not been able to replicate this one since. The very happy medium between survival horror and action, with updated, beautiful graphics (1080p at 60fps looks amazing), and more than enough content to keep you entertained for a while, still very much worth it's $20 price tag. I still recommend this game to pretty much anyone."
76561198135012645,Recommended,254700,16313517,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Zarok,The best Resident Evil of the Series. Recommended
,Recommended,254700,19751475,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Is Se7enFold,"One of my favourite game, played it since i was 10. This game brings childhood memory. nothing much to say..  best version of RE... ever!"
76561198040770306,Recommended,254700,13159331,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lynx,"The stupid old-school control and camera settings make this game a successful horror survival game. Given a modern FPS/TPS key settings, it becomes BH 6."
,Recommended,254700,30885990,Posted: 1 April,all,Akbars_Kazan,Best Tetris simulator
,Recommended,254700,13979933,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Pride Daddy,"A game I played on my ps2. It is a very high replayable Resident Evil, in my opinion; it is the highest one. Very rewarding ""Side-Pathing"" to get treasures, clues, puzzles, and of course~ Guns >:3  The game encourages it, especially since the best overall shotgun is one you find inside a damn barn. But remember, using a keyboard a mouse is not something you wanna do when you play this game. Due to ""lol quicktime events"" The Resident Evil series has presented for quite sometime. I suggest picking it up and if you know me, message me about it. I'd be glad to help anyone else enjoy this amazing immersive game."
,Recommended,254700,11831689,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Tsuzain,I love this game it's so amazing and good story :D
,Recommended,254700,12129300,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Iestinio,bought this on the capcom sale and i love how the models of leon and the ai have been amped up. Love this game!! Highly recommended  need to put time into it to complete it though :P
,Recommended,254700,12141081,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Nemec,Still an amazing game that holds up with little to no glitching but the controls seem rather odd to my but its been years since I played it so it might be the way that the game has always been.
,Recommended,254700,12162666,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ㄒΛ☣,"Running: i7(3.6GHZ),8GBRAM,Nivida Geforce GTX750ti 2GB9/10PROS!-Just like good old times, I had to adjust to the keyboard and mouse. Other than that, it was still the best game then and now!CONS!-If they would have went back to the game enhanced it a little bit more with a nextGEN graphics and tune up on the keyboard and mouse set up, it would be great. But they did'nt, I paid $19.99 USD.(date)9/20.2014I recommend to any player that likes the RES series.Great gameGreat storyGreat childhood.And dont worry I have full faith ill get the Elephant Gun! :D"
76561198040753983,Recommended,254700,12496279,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Blame Truth,Resident Evil 4 is a classic that still holds up today. Perfect.
76561198140255923,Recommended,254700,12548269,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,xcesv4c,"All time favorite game right here. Probably always will be. Got it for the ps3, gamecube, and finally PC as well. Out of all the Resident Evil games created this is by far the best. Mercinaries never gets old :)"
76561198037469662,Recommended,254700,12576574,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,forensicscientist,"rebinding keys are great,  but the mouse still sucks, which needs to be fixed, you have to move left or right arrow just to turn, the mouse will not, very, very bad in battle, or running, and you can't run left or right, only forward, they need to fix this old style gaming controls, all pc games should have controls similar to doom3, or like tomb raider reboot, this should be the standard, and the people who made these games should update the controls with patches, AS you all ready know, the old doom 1, 2 have no updates on the controls, and old tomb raider games 1 to 5 do not have mouse support, and there is maybe even more, that i don't know of, AND it seems that the companies do not care to listen, and talk to these developers in updating thier games, hence you are going to buy a game with joy, and find out it does not play, lost your money, like a thief pick your pocket, and last, you do not have my permission to remake resident evil 2 and 3 which would make the perfect set collections, until you fix the mouse and more rebinding keys, similar to tomb raider reboot, this is a major steam problem, so buyer beware."
76561197967810714,Recommended,254700,12693215,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AutomaticMeat,"Good, clean action fun.A long, content rich game with lots of different enemies, weapons (that can be upgraded), loot hunting and decent gunplay. Aiming can be a bit finnicky on the mouse, but is easy enough to get used to."
,Recommended,254700,12706536,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,neon[死の天使],Working great and staying almost all the time at 60fps. Awesome classic.
76561198022961797,Recommended,254700,12769711,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[Ay] kaizer,"I've beaten this game over 10 times across different platforms.  I honestly don't know what to say other than buy this game, it's good."
,Recommended,254700,12922474,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,jon_starr,"This game is a classic that everyone should eventually play. It has effectively changed my perspective on survival horror games, i will play more because of this game. The pc controls are kind've wonky, but after a few hours you barely notice it."
,Recommended,254700,13874713,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Shobonimaster,"Not to much to be said, it's one of the best games of all time and we finally have a decent PC port after years with a broken mess that needed modded to hell and back to even be playable. It's also nice that it can run at 60FPS instead being locked at 30 like all the previous releases of this title. It also includes all the additional content from the PS2 and Wii versions as well as the ""Easy Mode"" that wasn't available in the US release until now(unless you count the broken first attempt at a PC port)The graphics aren't a massive step-up like with say, the HD version of MGS3 but it's still polished up a bit and looks great at a full 1080p.If you've never played it, or want an excuse to play it again I highly reccomend picking this one up because it's fully worth the $20."
,Recommended,254700,12104313,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,himynameisfin,"A solid action with occasional moments of horror, and in its own right it's a well-crafted and enjoyable game. Long-term players were divided on the change of direction we saw with #4, and I'm personally divided; for me it come down to story and realismThe original Resi's were believable, with human (read: mortal) characters who weren't roundhouse kicking or engaging in arial knife fights, they were your average police officers. The virus was a fantastic premise and the non-zombie monsters were mutations of animals or lab projects; this all added to believability.It's a real shame that Resident Evil threw all that away for the generic, over-the-top cartoon characters we have in #4 (well, really Code Veronica onwards to be fair) as this, in my opinion, is the biggest thing that is holding RE4 back. This is more Resident Evil meets House of the Dead in terms of story and characters and would have been incredible as a seperate series from Resident Evil given how far the story has departed from its roots, and it would have been awesome!But anyway, I digress!If you can look past all this (which I recommend you do) you will find a solid and enjoyable action / horror with interesting enemies and combat. Ammo is plentiful and there's plenty of variety in weapons to choose from, which is good as there are plenty of enemies! There is a bit of a tactical approach to combat this time around, as you're able to shoot projectiles out of the air and shooting an enemy in the knee, arm or head will cause different reactions. To be really efficient on harder difficulties you'll want to play skillfully, shooting the dynamite in an enemies hand will blow it up and take out all nearby enemies, and staggering an enemy and roundhouse kicking them will send the group flying (sometimes off cliffs) and then there's the environment...You can baricade doors, jump through virtually any window and kick down ladders. The sense of tension as you have enemies approaching from all angles is very well done.So would I recommend this game? Definitely. It's bittersweet as I think we all know Capcom have lost their way over the years, and this started when they lost their direction with their various series' (what are they doing over there?), but despite that here's a lot of fun to be had here. As a story it was at best a medicore B-movie, but as an action it was second to none for it's time and holds up pretty well even today."
,Recommended,254700,12569365,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Strathetes,"Fantastic. Keyboard controls work well and the HD graphics, while they don't make it a whole new game, are a nice addition to an already great one."
76561198004531833,Recommended,254700,12677475,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,THE IRON CUNT,Basically Resident Evil 5 without black people and a better inventory system. Do good with strongs and let the showers of victory rain upon you.
76561198056036169,Recommended,254700,12727445,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Embryoyo®,"I played this game a while ago on the PS2 and just loved it, the atmosphere and the gameplay are just a great mix of horror and action. It teaches you to play the game as it is meant to be, what is good if you ask me. You can't just play as you want just using one weapon that you like, different situations need to be solved in different ways, thats what you learn by failing all the time if you don't pay attention.Although i had really big problems with the controls at the beginning i recommend playing it. The console versions may be easier to handle but you will learn how to play the game with your mouse and keyboard pretty fast until you won't notice that the controls bothered you at first.The graphics are quite well considering how old the game is, even though i didn't notice the changes of the HD remake all to much.So if you like zombies, horror and some action then this game might be just perfect for you."
,Recommended,254700,12767729,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Xrvel,"Good gameplay. But gives me dizzy when playing for long time because the camera distance between me & Leon is too close, giving narrow FOV."
76561198022418595,Recommended,254700,11606300,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,One of the greatest games ever made. I'm not sure if the steam version is any better than a modded version. The game runs smooth and looks better than the original. If you look on the leaderboards it says somebody finished the entire game in less than an hour. I don't see how that's possible. I flew through this game and it took me almost 12 hours.
,Recommended,254700,11670428,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Justin5267,This game is a classic third person shooter survival horror/action game. You play as Leon S. Kennedy and his hair is beatiful.
76561197973270891,Recommended,254700,11873636,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Terminator,"When released back in 2005, Resident Evil 4 was the first in the series marking a shift away from the Survival Horror genre to a more Action-oriented style, with an over-the-shoulder perspective. Whilst this game retains a haunting soundtrack and fear inducing moments of its predecessors, some ' Old Skool ' fans of the series will miss the older pre-rendered backdrops and thought provoking puzzles which made the first 3 games genuine classics. This 2014 HD-remastered version has been polished and boasts a smoother 60fps framerate. Resident Evil 4 was originally released for consoles, so you'll get the best playing experience using an Xbox 360 controller. My only gripe with this port is the audio during weapon reloading is out of sync, and more effort should have been given to keyboard & mouse support."
,Recommended,254700,12142932,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,majorchainpain,"Yes, Resident evil 4 has been ported over many times, and yes, it holds up well over time as well. But what can i say its a game i like to play for the story and the challenge of mercenaries. Not much else to say so when it was on sale i bought it and i still got to say i love this game."
76561197970764767,Recommended,254700,12871330,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,jfduval,"First of all, give you a favor and play that game with a xbox controler...forget the k/mPros:Still the best Resident Evil (arguably).If you never played it it's a not brainer...buy it.High resolution and all side contents included.Cons:The game lagged sometimes ,and it's a 10 years old game, so even with 60fps, there is no excuses.They say the game is HD and the texture is high res. Well thats true, but some are still low res so the game is now really uneven in his pixel ratio.The fact thats its HD doesn't help on the whole look of the game... the gamecube and wii version looked a lot better because the tv added some smudginess and grain, making everything more creepy and real.Not the best port i played, if you can stick with the old console version don't buy it, otherwise don't hesitate."
,Recommended,254700,12910185,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[l<.u.ř.Ø_J.Φ.l<.a.r],"Bring back memory when playing this game in 2005 on PS2, It´s a great classic that has took too long to arrive to PC, but its soul and quality are still there for anyone wanting to discover or rediscover, it is still one of the best survival horror games ever made, and you ought to play it. Resident Evil 4 HD stands as the best version available."
,Recommended,254700,9296503,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Prodigious Panties-Man™,is best gaem
,Recommended,254700,25323858,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ribzizzle,"I looked up Ashley's skirt and she called me a pervert. How? She knows too much about me. This is not just survival horror, but psychological horror. Would recommend."
,Recommended,254700,10356607,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Gry,"I shot a guy in the head and his shirt flew off, then I ate a gold omelette.  10/10"
,Recommended,254700,9669281,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dominant Reaper,"Need that special game for that special someone? Well look no more. Resident Evil 4 is the game where you play as Leon, a super agent cop who kicks random villagers in the face to save a hot grill from destruction. So go shoot, kick, knife, and suplex anyone that stands in your way to save a gi- i mean the world."
76561198036612541,Recommended,254700,27915838,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jeryxrite,This game deserves the test of time award. Played it more than any other and its always fun. Play it and you won't be disappointed. 9/10.
,Recommended,254700,10865559,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gette,welcome stranger
,Recommended,254700,29682764,Posted: 3 February,all,MCD CSGO500,I've been spending countless hours of my life on this game since 2005 please send help
,Recommended,254700,30535052,Posted: 15 March,all,HectorDuenas86,5/5Already waiting for the next re-release.
,Recommended,254700,10993830,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Red Minjo,"Whenever I played this game on consoles when a friend brought it over/had it, I wasn't able to get past the village.  Now that I've forced my way through that roadblock, I can see that this is as fun of a game now as everyone had said it was when it came out.  Like everything before RE6, this is tank controls, stand still to aim.  You have to be mindful of your lack of sidestep, which has gotten me axed to the face a few times.QTEs still kind of annoying, though.  Switching from mashing X to pressing L+R is kind of hard for me, and smashing the stick back and forth is not great either.Having fun overall, though.  I speared a fish, and ate it.  I killed a snake, took the golden egg it was gaurding/had eaten whole, and sold it.  I tetrised the inventory."
76561198061880785,Recommended,254700,9308865,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Soren Ruthless,"Capcom 2002 - Hey let's remake Resident Evil.Capcom 2003 - Hey let's remake Resident Evil three.Wait I think we are forgetting something. I guess if it was important we'd have remembered it.Capcom 2014 - Hey let's remake Resident Evil four.I just want a remake of Resident Evil 2.Resident Evil 4 is pretty good, but I don't notice the differences with the HD that much."
76561198070468533,Recommended,254700,16039721,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Aloneye,one of the best games in my life
76561198262836859,Recommended,254700,20884947,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Saint Quadraxis,This is a timeless classic. I can play through again and again. I'll never get tired of it.
,Recommended,254700,14718929,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Dunny Magic,"One of the best games I have ever played and definitely one of the most influential in my life. This was one of the first games (Other than Super Mario 64 & Super Mario Sunshine) I've ever played and really dumped hours into in my early years of gaming. Other than being absolutely wonderful with gaming mechanics but it perfected the third-person over the shoulder camera angle. This new innovative angling of the camera gave this game the winning seat in the entire franchise. The economy works well in this game, is not buggy, and you can not really glitch your way to unlocking everything in a short period of time. It also rewards you for beating on higher difficulties and replaying the game. I've beaten this game 10 times and I still find amusement playing it again and again. Most titles I can never find myself coming back too but this game was definitely one I'd gladly sit around and play all day. While it is ok on the computer, I had my most fond memories playing on my gamecube but I am still glad that valve had published it to Steam. While also having a huge influence on myself it has also had a huge influence on fps and other genre's of games. At times, it may seem dumb but still to this day it scares me. When I first downloaded it for steam I was scared to go into the starting village knowing I'd be facing Dr. Salvador. It literally took my 3 whole days to man up and finally go in. Even those game is older it has aged quite well and still remains good to this day. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an amazing and nostalgic game."
,Recommended,254700,25106567,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,Good story and gameplay. Always wanted to beat this one and finally did. Would recommend 9/10.
76561198232585072,Recommended,254700,32902172,Posted: 27 June,all,Deets,"This game gave me many things. PTSD, a fear of chainsaws, a extreme hatred for Salazar. But it gave me a great time. The only problems I hated was Salazar's boss fight, and the game crashed like 3 times. but Otherwise this is a great game.I also should say I'm a terrible escort and protector, sometimes forgetting about Ashley, or just flat out abandoning her. But great game 9/10."
,Recommended,254700,24237626,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,AmarthAssassin,"Where it all began.Storey 9/10Gamplay 8/10Replayle 9/10Achievement 4/10Ashley annoyance Level 10/10Take a step back and think about when this game came out, it opened up a new style of first person shooting at the time was a new thing to gaming.I own this game aback on the ps2, I have to buy it again after all this year and now on a new platformResident Evil 4 follows the story of Leon on a mission to save the presidents daughter and getting caught up with the twisted nature of the natives. The first Biohazard game story sticks true to the Capcon game style. While on your mission you slowly realise something is not right with the villagers. You are trapped within horror survival and fighting for your life as The Umbrella Corporation unravels a new enemy to fear more than the previous installments of The Resident Evil franchise.If you want to see there it started you need this game in your library"
,Recommended,254700,13473527,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fatal'z Nutz,"I've played Resident Evil 4 for the Ps2 and the early PC edition, recently purchased this most recent edition and loved every second of it. I did however have a couple problems that should be noted. First off, the mouse movement was a little difficult to get used to it felt delayed and slow to me. Second, whenever I hit intense moments in the game the sound would cut in and out repeatedly until I left to a new area. After searching, I didn't find any fix for it, I don't know if anyone else has had this issue but I felt like I should note it. As far as how improved the game is from its earlier versions, the textures are noticably polished, the game will look better, however, I was not THAT impressed with how much better it looked, but it is noticable. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to relive that bit of nostalgia, or for the newcomer to the series!"
,Recommended,254700,13702648,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,OnFriday,"Almost 10 years ago I pre-ordered this on Gamecube, anxiously awaited its arrival while combing the internet for info on it, brought it home and played it straight that day and night until I beat it.  Went to school that morning, came home and started back at it again.I have played this game multiple times since then, and it is better now than it was back in the day when I paid $50 for it.$20 is fair, and $10 is a steal for this game at 60FPS and HD textures!  When CAPCOM released this on PC originally, it wasn't really worth the money with lack of controller support, 30FPS and low-res textures, but there's really no excuse to not buy this now for anyone on the fence!"
76561198077508636,Recommended,254700,13831409,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Knight Nacho-51,"I've played Resident Evil 4 on the Nintendo Gamecube, Playstation 2, 3, and now on the PC.The story is following Secret Service Agent Leon Scott Kennedy one of the few survivors of the viral outbreak in Raccoon City from Resident Evil 2, on a mission to save the President’s Daughter Ashley Graham. One doing so your mission becomes escape the cult group the Los Illuminados. They’re technically not zombies in this game they are infected with a parasite called Las Plagas.The Gameplay is as follows: you run along a path to a locked door, you then proceed  to have to find a key. Once you find said key the area will now flood with enemies. Rinse and repeat for about 11ish hours. It works and well it seems to be the Resident Evil thing to do. It does get kind of repetitive but later on.The Graphics: They are pretty good maybe even great. But I did notice the game slowed down for me once entering the final area for a little bit but that was about it. The cutscenes look almost like the gameplay graphics. The graphics may look dated to some but it’s okay to me.The Bad: Ammo can be scarce. Bosses can be a bit more challenging than most games. They added an Easy Mode for the main story.(What kind of weak♥♥♥♥♥shit is that?) Once you get Ashley you might as well have the game become one long♥♥♥♥♥escort mission. Not a lot of replayability once you obtain all the good items.Overall/Final Score: This game is overall really good I recomend it but the bad aspects might turn off some gamers from this great game definitely worth 20$ or even wait for it to get it on sale. I give it a 8.4/10 some flaws but overall a good game."
,Recommended,254700,9299011,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Nestor,My RPG can fit in my briefcase! 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9352141,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Waifuuu,♥♥♥♥ing hard and stupid♥♥♥♥♥bear traps will get in the ♥♥♥♥ing way all the gosh dang time♥♥♥♥ u
,Recommended,254700,9394516,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,killzone12,the best RE game ever made
,Recommended,254700,9295506,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Venom :Ð,:D
,Recommended,254700,30699958,Posted: 24 March,all,☢T0X1CG4M3R 2025☢,"The meaning of ""Survival Horror"""
,Recommended,254700,26025480,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Gondile,"Resident Evil 4 may have celebrated its 11th birthday, but it doesn't feel a day old. Having never really played RE4 before (or any Resident Evil, for that matter), I set out to play what many consider to be a best survival horror/3rd person shooter ever.They were correct.The gunplay is tight and visceral. Giving you a tight camera that narrows your vision and can only be flipped quickly enough with a quick key press while also forcing yourself to stand still when taking shots creates a large amount of anxiety and fear as you enter gunplay, yet the entire game is designed around these facts, which means you rarely feel cheated or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tted.The atmosphere is incredible. After a few cutscenes to set the mood, you find yourself alone in a Spanish village filled with large amounts of ""zombies"" seeking your death at once. The pure tension found within seconds is admirable, but it manages to carry that tension and atmosphere for quite a large portion of the game before hitting the full action stride. To tell you the truth, I've never played a true horror game before, and found myself having to save and quit numerous times in short intervals in the beginning,The survival is real. You'll find yourself counting your shots and making every last bullet count as ammo and health is apparently scarce--at first, anyway. You always have to be careful when faced with a large horde of enemies or a bossfight--you never know what's going to empty your ammo supply and force you to utilize your knife.The story and dialogue is cheesy as hell, but it's incredibly fun and fits the game like a glove. While maintaining a serious presence, it isn't afraid to make you laugh or throw in a ridiculous scenario or set piece every once in awhile.Resident Evil 4 is a solid 10/10. To me, I find absolutely no faults in this game whatsoever, and I'm excited to go through all of the bonus content and new game+."
,Recommended,254700,22333439,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,no shirt,"I have played through Resident Evil 4 probably fifteen times, and before I die I will probably play through it fifteen more. It's the kind of game that always feels good to play--it has challenging but masterable combat mechanics, an addicting weapon upgrade system, and most importantly, wonderful level design and environments. There's no respectable story to speak of, which makes the game all the more remarkable since it manages to snare the player solely on the merits of its design and mechanics.The main reason I keep playing Resident Evil 4 is because I enjoy being in the game's environments. Sure, there are a lot of locations in the game that are absolutely miserable, but those locations are an essential half of a contrasting environment dynamic the Resident Evil games have always deployed. To build tension and horror, Resident Evil games cram the player into dark, cramped, filthy places, and it's only after the player has managed to make it through these uncomfortable spaces that they are rewarded with a ""safe"" space, usually an area with a typewriter (for saving games) and no enemies. I've always liked the atmosphere of these areas, but in Resident Evil 4 they are especially wonderful. Often these safe spaces appear outdoors after the player has been trudging through some claustrophobic indoor location, and the experience can really feel like a breath of fresh air. This tension-and-release dynamic also makes the game really satisfying to play, because the player feels like they've earned each moment of peace and safety.The combat mechanics in Resident Evil 4 took some flak when the game first launched in 2005 because Leon can move and attack, but he can't do both at the same time. Of course, anyone who understands the need for tension-building in horror will recognize the ignorance of those complaints. One of the big reasons RE4's combat is so compelling is because of Leon's mobility handicap; it feels really stressful to be anchored in place while a horde of enemies creeps ever closer, and it feels really rewarding to survive a hairy encounter by skillfully knowing when to move and when to shoot.As I said before, RE4's story is pretty terrible. Still, the game has excellent pacing which is set by the level design and enemy frequency. Unlike earlier Resident Evil games, there's not a lot of area recursion in RE4, so the game feels like it's always progressing quickly even though it takes nearly 15-20 hours to complete.Resident Evil 4's weapon upgrade system functions in tandem with a simple yet addicting in-game economy based around treasure hunting. Unique treasures are hidden throughout the game world, and players who find them can sell them and purchase new weapons and upgrades. The game economy is well-balanced, and the weapon upgrades always feel like they're popping up at just the right moments--more evidence that the game was meticulously planned out. I always like my survival horror games to be on the difficult side, and from my experience, the original GameCube version of RE4 had lower values for treasure items, making the upgrades slightly harder to get and the game more difficult. The PS2 and Steam versions of the game seem comparatively easy to me, even on Professional difficulty.There are some things I've found in this world that, despite their dark themes and focus on death, give me a surprising feeling of calm and comfort--the now defunct band""The Paper Chase""and the YouTube channel""Ask A Mortician""are examples. I also add Resident Evil 4 to this list. Yes, it is the game where my heart races as I carefully count the number of shotgun shells I've unloaded into the chainsaw-wielding monster trying to decapitate me, but it is also the game where I step out onto moonlit castle battlements, my footsteps on the cobblestone breaking through the quiet night and startling a murder of crows away from a gem-filled fountain. Resident Evil 4 is a game full of spaces and experiences to which I will always return."
,Recommended,254700,11082158,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Derek V,"Finally a good PC port of Resi 4,I love Mercernaries just for HUNK and his gas mask.A million times better than Resi 5 and 6"
76561198119760754,Recommended,254700,13628375,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FlamingDwagon,"*My favorite game of all time. Played it on PS2 in 2005, XBOX 360 in 2011 and now in 2014 on PC*This review is of both the game itself and also whether the HD port is good.The game itself :+ Addicting gameplay, revolutionized third person shooters+ Excellent blend of survival horror mixed with a bit of action+ Cheesy, intriguing storyline+ Badass protagonist+ Lasting appeal due to replayable campaign and Ada missions. Mercenaries mode adds as well.+ Snakes give Chicken eggs+ THE MERCHANTNow on the this HD port.I will admit that the port could DEFINITELY have been better.- Many users with modern CPUs could not run it on  60 FPS.- Controls are still dated- Could've implemented ""walking & shooting"" at same time .All in all while this HD edition could be better, this is the best edition out there.The game is a must buy if you havent played it or want to play it again.9.8/10"
76561198035012576,Not Recommended,254700,26593348,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dragnfyre,"I originally played this game for dozens of hours when it first came out for the gamecube and figured it was definitely worth six bucks just so I could have it on my PC.  I was wrong.  I forgot that resident evil 4 used Tank-controls which made manuvering with keyboard and mouse a nightmare.  While switching to a controller allowed me to move and turn at the same time, I turned at crawl with no option to up the sensitivity (like you can with the mouse).  Fun game but horrible on the PC."
76561198006541362,Recommended,254700,21781639,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,stranger1982,"The first pc version of Resident Evil 4 was quite flawed and lazy but thankfully Capcom turned things around in 2014 with a remastered version featuring sharper graphics and full keyboard/ mouse support. As Leon you'll be tasked with rescuing the president's daughter from a group of fanatics and you'll soon realize things are way darker than you've expected.While showing its age in places and strying somewhat far from the slow burn horror of its predecessors RE4 is a great game finally given a worthy port.PROS:-good sound design and soundtrack-great atmosphere-a pretty straightforward and less cheesy story that works quite well-the infected villagers and other bioweapons you'll encounter are a breath of fresh air from the usual zombies and'll require new strategies-great boss battles-the game is more action oriented than the previous ones thus providing an enjoyable and challenging experience where you are often pitted against many enemies: you'll need to strategize-great length, expect at least 14 hours (plus extra modes after you complete the game if you're so inclined)NEUTRAL:-the standard RE cheesy dialogues clash a bit too much with the serious tone of the story-while the graphical update is welcome it's a bit of a mixed bag, character and monster models are pretty nice but most textures aren't too sharp-puzzles are very simple, I'm personally fine with it but some might miss the more complex ones found in previous episodes-sections where you have to babysit the presiden't daughter can be a bit annoyingCONS:-cramped camera-controls feel a bit sluggish overall and betray the game's age-instadeath quicktime events during cutscenes are just annoying-a couple of quicktime events are extremely buggy if the game is set at 60fps, they're almost impossible to pull off and you'll have to quit the game (losing about 10 minutes of progress if it happens in the mine cart section) and set it to a slightly nauseating 30fps to pass themhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=640302711Resident Evil 4 abandons the old fixed camera shots and most of the sense of dread in favour of an over-the shoulder camera and tense fights that often pit you against many enemies able to use tools such as weapons, shields or objects in the environment: it's a big change, one that not only provides a fresh experience but that also influenced the next games both in plot and gameplay.It works, and it works quite well even though it's not as innovative as it was when it first came out: in fact the somewhat clunky controls and cramped camera will possibly make modern players turn up their noses. It must be said that as awkward as they might be at times old design choices like being rooted on the spot when aiming and having a limited turn radius do evoke a genuine sense of dread when you're faced with several enemies scrambling from different directions or simply need to target a bioweapon's vulnerable spot while trying to not be shredded to bits.My only complains are the annoying quicktime events during cutscenes, they add little to nothing and are just frustrating when you miss them and have to watch the cutscene all over again. Even worse are two unsolved bugs where Leon fails to climb on ledges if the game is set to 60fps: the biggest culprit here is the mine cart section where the previous save point is 10 to 15 minutes beforehand. Having to quit the game to set it to 30fps and then having to start over to pass the bugged QTE was not fun at all and is a bug that'd have been solved.Even with a few niggling issues Resident Evil 4 is a great game in the series and the last remaster finally gives us a worthy port to enjoy on PC: it's a definite purchase for fans of the genre, maybe just read beforehand on the two bugged QTEs to avoid any annoyances."
,Recommended,254700,10855881,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anarchy,The ultimate in replayability 10/10
,Recommended,254700,15749764,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Chandler,"I had never actually played this game, so when I figured with the HD release it was probably time.Overall, I'm glad I did. RE4 is still a fun game and is overall a very enjoyable experience.Mechanically, it all works as expected. The graphics aren't fantastic or anything, but definitely playable. About what you'd expect from a 10 year old remaster. The controls are wonky in that Resident Evil way, but the game is built around them so they work well enough.Honestly, if you're reading this, you've probably already played RE4 and you're just wondering if the HD PC version is good. It is.If you haven't played it before, you're in for a pretty good time. With Separate Ways (a mini campaign unlocked after beating the game), it took me about 18 hours. Good value."
76561197991301804,Recommended,254700,12180948,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Chuck No,"Simply put, this may be as close to perfection an action game could possibly be. Residet Evil 4 was a game changer in the same sence that Metal Gear Solid for the original Playstation was. I owned this game when it was first released for gamecube back around New Years 2005. Having recently played through the game, I can honestly say that no game, in my opinion, has been able to top this. This game is a must own, especially for anyone who has not had the honor of playing through it.The HD graphics aren't that much of an upgrade over the original release, but considering tis is essentially a gamecube title, The artwork definitely holds up.If you experience slowdowns with the locked 60fps option (and you will), you should try playing at 30fps. The framerate consistency is well worth it."
76561198049937017,Recommended,254700,32244735,Posted: 7 June,all,Oddelum,"In terms of actual gameplay, this ranks as my favorite Resident Evil game.It might take some getting used to, it might feel a bit clunky at first, and it has a certain element that's annoying at times (I'm looking at you, Ashley), but it's so, so worth it. It's one of my favorite games of all time and it's just a blast to play.Part of the game revolves around escorting a character called Ashley, so if you really hate that type of thing, you should know that right off the bat. It does get annoying at times. However, the game does cut you some slack here and there and it's not so difficult that you'll struggle all the time or anything, but it is worth mentioning for those who absolutely hate babysitting an NPC.Ultimately, this game was the one that broke the mold and bridged the gap between pure survival horror and more shooty-tooty action horror type stuff - some of the things that illustrate this is the inventory management and the fact that you can't move and shoot at the same time, which adds to the tension and you can't just pick up every single thing you find. However, it's not as slow as the older games and the combat is much better, so there's a dash of the new line of Resident Evil games in there as well.Overall it's highly recommended, because despite its flaws it's one hell of a gaming experience."
,Recommended,254700,9405656,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Knexus,"The same Resident Evil 4 that I've known and loved for all these years, but that is not to say PC port is without problems.  The HD graphics do look good and their is a noticable improvement over previous releases, but at times the game is plagued with lighting effect issues.  Along with this the game now has to the ability to run at up to 60fps.  This looks amazing if your machine can handle it.  However, operating at 60fps seems to disrupt some of the enemies AI.  It's not uncommon for enemies to get lost or spin around in circles in the middle of a fight.  Yes, this makes the game easier, but it also cheapens the experience it at times.  At 30fps, this doesn't seem to be as big of an issue.  Thankfully, I've been able to avoid the majority of problems people seem to be experiencing so here's a summarize this PC port of RE4:A brilliant game as it has always been and a joy to play from start to finish if you put aside the occasional quirks that come with playing at 60fps."
,Recommended,254700,13248277,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,.clank,kill dirty spaniards and steal their obsolete currency to buy weapons from a weird guy in a cloak so you can save the presidents daughter!wait what was the original game about again
,Recommended,254700,34683706,Posted: 2 September,all,Minato,awseome game
,Recommended,254700,9743820,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Remake of my favourite RE. Game is so beautiful, long and interesting. HD-graphics are pretty nice too. Mouse aim is nice and comfortable, devs made it really great. Game is still cool, atmosphere is still spooky and despair still eat you all the time you play RE4!10/10"
,Recommended,254700,23593356,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK!,Great game 10/10 best Resident Evil out there!!
76561198121573185,Recommended,254700,21370442,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Poney de Nuit,"Great Game ! It reminds me very good moments on the old version :)And it's always a pleasure to play Leon and Ada !!!  ヾ(＾▽＾)ﾉ(Some problems with my ""no-xbox"" pad but It's solved with a modification of the config.txt)"
76561198013594452,Recommended,254700,9469534,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Firearm Encyclopedia,"What need be said? Resident Evil 4 came out in 2005 on the Gamecube, and eventually landed on PS2, XBOX 360, Wii, probably PS3 and original XBOX as well. Now, it's been released on Steam 9 years later, and it's selling like hot cakes for a reason. This is the FIRST Resident Evil game I ever played, and I originally didn't want to bother with it. ""What? No zombies? Screw that, sounds lame, it's not even FPS!"" I said, but my good friend told me ""Nah man, you have to try it. I know what you mean, but here I am, RE2 is my favourite in the series, but I still love RE4 as well!"" So I tried it, and of course, it has become one of my all time favourite games. I've since played the first Resident Evil, Code: Veronica, Outbreak File 1 and 2, RE5... and that sixth one... ugh... and well, RE4 is my favourite, with RE5 probably coming 2nd, and the original at 3rd. I'm sure if I played through the RE2, it'd probably come in at 3rd or maybe even beat RE5 for 2nd.It's truly unfortunate that RE5 has become more of a 3rd person action game rather than a survival horror, and RE6 was just... blegh... HOW DO YOU SCREW UP ZOMBIES?! Anyways, I find RE4 still retains much of the survival horror that the more recent releases are lacking. It has a decent amount of firearms (Not as many as RE5, but there is still a nice selection), I love the inventory system even if it is outright unrealistic, and the characters are very well rounded. Voice acting, atmosphere, good puzzles, the only things I can say that I hate about the game is some of the Quick Time Events. Also, some of the firearms in the game don't shoot the ammo that is given, however that can be overlooked.I do like to pay extra attention to realism in games, however RE4 is so much fun, I easily look past the few unrealistic qualities it has. Even if you're a diehard FPS gamer like I am, even if you're really anal about realism like I am, even if you think RE5 and RE6 are leading to the death of the series (IMO, RE5 was saved by the co-op gameplay, interesting inventory system and selection of firearms, however RE6 is outright disappointing), I believe you will still find some fun in RE4 if you haven't yet tried it out. The replayability is amazing, there's LOTS of stuff to unlock, and there is most certainly a challenge if that's what you're looking for. Especially when you unlock Professional mode. There are many memorable scenes, characters that you will genuinely become interested in and come to love or hate, and there are a multitude of ways in which you can approach a situation instead of just go in and start shooting.Oh yeah, in this rendition of RE4, they really went all out with how the game looks. If you have a high-end computer, you can have 60 frames per second, and HD quality visuals. I have a tower that's about a year old and doens't have anything special in it, so I had to bring it back down to 30 frames per second (You can change it in Options on the main menu), and I also turned off the Anti-Aliasing... which I'm not gonna lie, I have no idea what it does in the first place. All I know is when I tried to play it at max settings, the game was basically stuck in slow-mo. Quite annoying. I just turned down some of the graphical options, and it runs almost perfectly :) ... wow, 4 paragraphs. Sorry for typing so much, I hope this helped you decide whether to pick the game up or not. In the end, I can't think of very many reasons NOT to get it lol Like I said, the replayability is there, and if you want to unlock everything, you'll get over 40 hours worth, minimum.Like I said, there's challenge there if you want it, but if you're more casual and just want to experience the story, or if you're just not used to the unique controls of Resident Evil, then easy mode will be a good way to get past the learning curve without too much hastle. Have fun!"
,Not Recommended,254700,9288747,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ChraMoX,"RE4 with Widescreen support and Horrible Aim-System.Cant find even why this is made of...Forget they want money.just plz dont buy this crap, RE4 is cheaper that HD remake what bots suck in PC."
,Recommended,254700,12146041,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,pickle rick fan page,you play as hunk man and save woman.zombie head go boom boom
,Recommended,254700,23561431,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,RvB Caboose,"The best Resident Evil ever made... Standard RE contols with non-standard bosses, puzzles and fun. Great game, great port. 10/10"
,Recommended,254700,24662731,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Excel,"""Resident Evil 4 / Biohazard 4 has stopped workingA problem caused the program to stop working correctly. Windows will close the program and notify you if a solution is available."""
76561197996825457,Recommended,254700,12256322,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Spicy Skeleton,"9/11 ""its like skyrim with guns"" -IGN"
76561198040704005,Recommended,254700,12419718,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GyroMan,"RE4.. 10/10 I love this game. When I started to play it I honestly started to cry from it bringing back all my memories of it on the gamecube. Me and my friend would build a pillow fort and hide from the creepy monsters, now I think he just lives in one. All in all the game is still great I have not found time to finish it once becasue of other things going on but its going to be one of those thing im going to come back to and relive my past years.resident evil 4...Thank You"
,Recommended,254700,9324990,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ciradis,THEY PATCHED IT
76561198113502915,Not Recommended,254700,9299506,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Alteredgamer1056,"A TECHNICAL MESS! DO NOT CONSIDER PURCHASING UNTIL IT IS PATCHED!!!Resident Evil 4 is a great game. Arguably one of the most infamous games ever released and the best in the RE series.This port is even crappier then the original PC Port. YEAH, it's THAT bad! :/Massive slowdown, graphical glitches, FMV cutscenes don't work for me. This is a massive letdown.Even with all settings turned down to low and running the game in 800/600 resolution, the game runs like crap on my computer. Don't even get me started on the supposed requirements to run the game in it's HD resolution. Laptop users need not apply. The game is simply NOT optimized for PC yet, and clearly was designed a console game anyway.Though I understand that the game may run better on other hardware then on my PC, it would seem that many other users on the Steam community are experiencing similar problems. Even top of the line CPU's and graphics cards seem to struggle with this game. It's poorly optimized and very demanding, having supposedly been developed with the Crysis 3 engine.Should Capcom release a patch and fix it up, I might be able to recommend it. However, unless a major patch is released, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME on STEAM!PLEASE CAPCOM! FIX THIS GAME!!!"
76561198400497465,Not Recommended,254700,34019203,Posted: 4 August,all,CommanderDuranda,"While it is the resident evil 4 that we all love, it has an issue that renders this game unplayable, it crashes every 15 to 20 minutes on windows 10, so i wouldnt recommend this game to anyone that uses windows 10."
76561198119560982,Recommended,254700,9587588,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Castbounded,An amazing survival horror game. If youre only starting the resident evil series heres the place to start (resident evil 5 and 6 were big let downs) with lots of different campaigns and modes it is filled with hours of gameplay. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,30401577,Posted: 8 March,all,furuchooo,Its timeless. 12 years later and the game still awesome
76561198062431057,Recommended,254700,10818327,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brick Swanson,THE BEST RESIDENT EVIL.
76561198095235962,Recommended,254700,12140166,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Letstakeabath,I originally played this on the GameCube. By far my favorite RE of all time. A must have!
76561198101117894,Recommended,254700,10321473,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Dixie Normus,"Best game ever, had to buy it to bad laptop cant handle it...yet. HONEY WHERES MY DUCT TAPE?"
,Recommended,254700,10845426,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Papa__Wheelie,"Played it through on the gamecube originally, compelling story, great fun,♥♥♥♥♥♥bender for sure at times,420/69 it's okay - IGN"
,Recommended,254700,10281168,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,WattledMirror28,"Steam's UHD Version of Resident Evil 4 was ported to PC from the XBox 360 version.Not going to talk about the game itself because you know it very well. I'll just make some comments on the UHD version for Steam, in case your thinking to buy it:1 - HD TexturesThe Village textures looks pretty much HD, but we can´t say the same for the rest of the game.Some ""Casstle"" textures (just a few) and a lot of textures from ""The Island"" chapter, look like the SD versions. Besides, weapon's textures are pretty awfull (that's what bothers me most :P).2 - 60 FpsSome animations (like rifle and bowgun reloads) were not ported to 60fps. Also some animations like ganado's exploding heads, etc.Sometimes, 60 fps brake the game (it's VERY RARE tough). Sometimes it makes enemies run in circles and stuff like that.Falling objects drop at double speed (U3's cages, spinels, etc). This is a minor detail, but it's not very neat.Besides all the ""downsides"", playing the game in 60 fps is awesome. And a Feature of this version only.3 - Mouse & Keyboard support.After 6 game patches, controls work great.4 - Vissual FXNothing to critisize in this aspect. Altough the GC version is still superior (DOF, multiple screen filters, etc), the UHD port is VERY decent (everything important was included).5 - Real Time cutscenesCutscenes are real-time, except the ones of ""Separate Ways"" mode and ""ESPECIAL 2"" custome in the main campaing (since this costume wasn't included in the GC version of the game).6 - System requirementsThey are quite HIGH for a 10 year old game. I own a Phenom II X4 955 with a HD Radeon 6870, and I have to disable AA in order to run the game at 60 fps and 1080p.Also played it at 60 fps 800x600 on a Nvidia 8600GT videocard.Conclusion?Very good port (FAR better than the 2007 one) but it still needs polish. Not better than the GC, but pretty close, with the addition of HD textures (65% of them), 60 fps, and of course: the K&M support (this alone makes it worth for any PC user)The game is super FUN.Hope my review will be usefull to you.Regards."
,Recommended,254700,10589230,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MarkfromTheRoom,"Resident Evil 4 is one of the greatest games ever made.  It rejuvenated the series as it was slowly becoming stagnant.  RE4 didn't kill the series because it was bad but rather because it was so good any further sequel would be worse no matter what.  It's a flawless mix of survival, horror, action, a pinch of puzzle solving and a huge amount of camp.  I love that this game doesn't take itself seriously like 99% of games these days.  RE4 practically invented the set piece action sequences seen in most modern games but it also features plenty of ""meat n' potatoes"" gameplay in between the set pieces.  The environments are incredibly varied and it's simply a blast from beginning to end.  Perhaps controversial are the QTE's.  While I don't particularly enjoy QTE's I can appreciate their usage in RE4 for heightening tension and not going overboard with them as some games do.  I could go on and on, but these are all points shared across all versions of the game.  The most important thing this PC re-release provides is mostly functional 60fps support.  Playing this at 60fps is a revelation; there is absolutely no going back.  It's so much easier on the eyes and plays much better.  Aiming is smoother, even with a controller.  I've been gaming on a 120hz monitor for a few years now and even though the game is capped at 60fps it feels smoother than most games do at 60fps.  I think because the animations are keyed to the framerate is why it appears this way.  For example, Wolfenstein: TNO feels downright choppy at 60fps whereas this is absolutely butter smooth.  Mouse and keyboard support is present but not quite as good as I'd hoped for.  The mouse is a tad wonky even with the ""modern"" aim setting.  It feels like there is a slight amount of dampening but at least it seems as though the negative acceleration is gone.  It supports key rebinding but the defaults were just fine IMO.  Overall, M+KB is definitely usable but not necessarily ideal.  For a game like this, it really was intended to be played with a controller and it plays very well with a 360 pad.  If you're a huge fan of RE4 like myself, you need this version for the 60fps alone.  Sure it has some minor bugs and glitches but it's still by far the very best vanilla version of RE4 available and it'll only get better with further modding.  I wish this had had a higher budget internally at Capcom.  I'd gladly have paid a full $60 for a flawless re-release of RE4 with a more moderate graphical overhaul, perfect M+KB controls, no bugs or quirks, etc.  RE4 really deserves better than these budget re-releases Capcom's been doing, but overall it's hard to complain.  This release feels 90% finished for $20 which is still much, much, much better than the craptastic Sourcenext original PC release."
,Recommended,254700,9942649,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,frostward,A wonderful game with fire that looks like magic.
76561197976199720,Recommended,254700,11013311,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Link316,"Resident Evil 4 has been one of my favorite games since its release back in 2005 on the gamecube. It is back with all of the extra content from versions after, and looks better than ever.I do wish it came with less bugs though I cant seem to get the audio working correctly since patch 1,06 added positional audio. Switching to beta 1.02 works but then you lose bump mapping and specular lighting. Kind of inecusable especially since this was the 2nd try on the PC."
,Recommended,254700,11330830,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Prismatic Demi,"I bought this game for GameCube back when it first came out. I've also owned it on PS2 and now through Steam on PC. All-in-all, I can tell you that this is a very good game - the fact that I've bought it 3 times should tell you something. This is by far my favorite of the Resident Evil series games, after playing all of them, minus Code Veronica. The story is very well thought through and to back it up, it takes a solid 12-15 hours of gameplay for a seasoned player that knows all of the tricks in the game. There are 3 main areas in the game, starting in a Village, progressing to a Castle, then onto an Island. (Each takes several hours to complete.) This has always been among my favorite games ever since i first played it 7+ years ago, which is why i was thrilled as hell to see it remastered and put onto a PC version. Controls are easy to configure/get used to wrether you're using a controller or the keyboard/mouse. If you're not new to this game, but worried that the remastering of this game changed it too much - don't be. There have been zero glitches so far for me and the graphics didn't really change that much tbh, other than removing some pixel blur here and there, which adds up for a better visual experience. It's just as I always remembered it when I was a little kid that dumped his birthday money on this game for the GameCube. Overall, I would gladly go out of my way to recommend this game. It has great replay value, due to higher difficulties, game-modes, and bonus weapons/costumes unlocked through beating it in each difficulty. A solid 9/10 from me overall - even in today's standards. Well worth every penny, and long enough to justify $20. To be honest, I'm surprised that Steam didn't charge more due to it's remastered version."
,Recommended,254700,12069765,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,A loaf of Bread,"10/10 you can use a tommy gun with unlimited ammo to shoot everything in your way :DAnd a unlimited ammo rocket launcher to kill yourself to, best RE game I ever played"
,Recommended,254700,12093482,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Based Goat,Super nostalgic
,Recommended,254700,19281476,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,LMAO,ahh the nostalgia ;) i remember playing this on ps2 great game1000000/10
,Recommended,254700,30608765,Posted: 18 March,all,Yotsuba,"One of the best and most influential games of all time, I doubt there are many people that haven't played this game at some point or another but if you haven't this version is a pretty good way to experiance it.  Be warned that it seems to require a decent amount of power to run with the setting turned up in HD with a good framerate, probably due to not being very well optimized.  If you turn down some of the settings it doesn't have a very noticeable effect on the visuals and you can get a locked 30 fps pretty easiliy, which is fine."
76561198069847637,Recommended,254700,19474980,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Megumin,Good survival horror game
,Recommended,254700,20139921,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,A BKB NAO SALVA NINGUEM,"If you want a game with a super amazing plot, this probably isn't the game you're looking for, besides the plot is good, there are other Resident Evil games where the plot is way better than here, but this game has the funniest gameplay ever, it is amazing, a true masterpiece, one of the best games that i've ever played."
,Recommended,254700,16970914,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Capitalist Pig,"Great Port. Not even one crash. Almost zero bugs.Minor bugs:Sometimes FPS drop, and feels like slo moAim moving too much? Is it suposed to behave like that?Also, it includes Separate ways and Ada Asigment chapters."
76561198131006658,Recommended,254700,21513535,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wingman,"I don't think I could ever get sick of this game. It has the best viewing angle and camera system out of all of them (although the CoD style of RE5 is starting to grow on me). There's a little bit of comedy to lighten the story. And I think the part that makes it great for me, is that there is hardly any back-tracking. Most of the [early] RE games were nothing but running to the same rooms over and over again. There's nothing wrong with that, and I'm still a fan of all of them, but being able to just keep moving forward and see new scenes through the whole game makes playing it repeatedly, very easy. [SPOILER AHEAD] It's also an interesting turn using a mind controlling bug instead of a reanimating virus in this game."
76561198061325464,Recommended,254700,22123059,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,serialhilla,"This game is amazing. It was amazing back in 2005 when I played and it is even more amazing today. The HD graphics look AWESOME! This is one of, if not the best game I have ever played. It is fairly long, interesting story, fast paced, exciting gameplay and all of the weapons are upgrable so there is a reason to continue playing after you have beat the story the first time (not to mention some awesome gore). Mercenaries mode is a fun mini game included, and it too contains HOURS of content. There is also Seperate Ways (played as Ada) and Assignment Ada (played as Ada). If you are a fan of Action/srvival-horror games then do yourself a favour and play it NOW!"
,Recommended,254700,30746689,Posted: 26 March,all,Notapony,I can't really say what others probably haven't. This game is god-like.
,Recommended,254700,22168008,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,tchutchupla tchuplei,"9/10, you can definitely see the graphical difference between the last HD version, the game is really good and fun, you can complete it and start playing again and it wont get boring."
,Recommended,254700,17720965,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Kenny,"This is possibly my favorite game ever made and I started playing games about 27 years ago.I played through the original version of the Gamecube probably about 10 times. I then bought it for the Wii and played through that version about 3 times. I've been out of the country for awhile now and haven't had access to the GC or Wii version. Luckily, it came on Steam.As of typing this, I have somewhere around 37 hours clocked in. I've played through the Steam version twice, once on Normal and once on Professional. I would have more hours, but I don't have access to my desktop computer and my laptop has trouble running this game. My desktop runs the game almost flawlessly, but it's about 6 years old now, so there are some issues here and there.All that aside, I really do think this might be the best game ever made. The biggest reason this game is so great is because of the flow of the game and the level design. As you progress through the game, each area is so different than the last. This game never gets old.There is a wide variety of weapons and upgrades which become available as you progress through the game and if you ever want a break, you have Mercenaries mode, which could almost be its own game. There are also some other extras like Assignment Ada, Separate Ways, and the gun range.Flaws some people might say this game has:Not being able to move while shootingThe island not being as well made as the village and the castle""Leon, help!!!!!!!""No Luis in Merceneries modeI love this game and I can't recommend it enough.Update -- Going to the config.ini file and changing anisotropy to 2 (thanks whoever's review I read) and then loading the game and changing the FPS to 30 makes the game run mostly smooth on my laptop. The config.ini file can be found in Documents > My Games > Capcom > RE4."
,Recommended,254700,21838761,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Nuka Cola,"control is little bite odd, other than that is pretty good."
,Recommended,254700,30724847,Posted: 25 March,all,MrSurf,a nice game used to play it when i was younger on ps2 it still plays nice and doesn't seem to have alot of bugs
,Recommended,254700,20932599,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,viral💤,Simply the best HD attache case simulator money can buy.
,Recommended,254700,19743471,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Bad Seafood,A real video game; perhaps the realest.
,Recommended,254700,30249935,Posted: 28 February,all,RenderingPixel,"What makes Resident Evil 4 so good? This could mean so many different things to anyone. To me, it’s limiting player movement and, just, gingerly tossing insurmountable odds against the player like it ain’t no thing. Not that this is a hard game or that it isn’t fair. Ammunition is handed out like candy and enemy types follow similar patterns. Nay, it’s the combination of enemy types and your choices as a player that helps every situation seem overwhelming. “But, in reality, in the heat of the moment, you can really get passed everything based on how you move on the battlefield.” – Solid SnakeAfter years of playing across multiple platforms I began to appreciate RE4 as tactical action espionage. I really enjoyed the stop-n-pop shooting mechanics. I wasn’t even aware of it, but stopping to shoot forced me to be tactical when doin’ whatever. It made you think about where you wanted to end up as you started each engagement. And what you have to get through. And how you gonna do it. But without any cover based, squad command whatever the ♥♥♥♥ BS. Rather, the content here is handled with a more arcade finesse. You must rely on your wits, and once you gain a handle of them, you are completely capable of anything this game will hit you with. Ammo, cash, fame – the game takes care of the rest.Even your inventory screen is a little mini-game in itself. It makes you move all your junk around to optimize storage capacity, like, ♥♥♥♥..? I always liked this too. It indeed is like a nice, little therapeutic ""break"" to help normalize the games other stresses. I would even take the time to group everything by category just to extend this break time. Some would call it OCD, but I disagree. “I call it healing. The battlefield can be hard on one’s body, mind…and soul, Snake.” – Dr. “Para-Medic” ClarkI recommend this game to anyone, you high? It’s a fun game with a light challenge that’s not too scary. And it’s pretty cheap. You know, true story, I bought this game for 20 bucks at GameStop when it was newly ported onto PS2. True story. Brand new. I couldn’t believe it either. I asked the kid-clerk, who was older than me at the time, how much it “truly” cost. “20 bucks,” He said. I ripped off Capcom, at the time, and it was worth it. I went back to that store a week later and it was back up to 50 big ones. The Big Guy was smiling down on me that day, I'll tell ya. Today, I come to you as a messenger and urge you towards also ripping off Capcom.So to speak."
,Recommended,254700,20488094,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Puppy Sif,"People have been telling me how great this game is forever! They weren't exaggerating! BUY THIS GAME!Just make sure to install the patch for the game before playing, change the aim mode to modern and increase sensitivity. If you can't grasp the wonkey keyboard and mouse controls, just change the run key to MMB. Makes it so much easier to handle."
,Recommended,254700,20228818,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Frost[y],best resident evil game everplayed so many hours of this game on the ps2
,Recommended,254700,17116377,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,trendy.scrumpy,"The hours on Steam are a fraction of the time I've played Resident Evil 4; prior to this release I played the Gamecube, Playstation 2, and Wii releases. This was the first Resident Evil I played, and one of my first M-rated game and I'm glad it was. Personally, and like popular opinion, this is one of the best in the franchise.The game follows and pays homage to the older titles, while changing things up for the better. Its tank-like controls from the first 3 games is now bearable with the 3rd-person/over-shoulder camera, but adds some tension in combat. While some/large parts of the game are escort segments, Ashley's AI is relatively painless and isn't too difficult to manage(It's a breeze if you unlock a certain something). The visuals are dated after 10 years (Writing this review as of 2015) but manage to maintain the creepy silent hill-esque environment. The tension and atmoshpere of survival horror is definitely present, while keeping combat much less stiff than the previous. Progression feels good and replayability is definitely there. The weapons come in just the right amount and each feel different in their own right. The story is kinda cheesy, but with the ""virus/parasites"" at hand what can you expect. The extra gamemodes add a more action-y way to play while netting shiny rewards and expanding on some parts of the main story.  I don't to give anything away or spoil anything, but Resident Evil 4 is definitely worth picking up if you are already a fan of the series, played it before, or never played a Resident Evil game.(Also ♥♥♥♥ Regenetors, those things made me shut of the game the very first time I ecountered them)"
,Recommended,254700,23615165,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ShadowPrower,What can i say about this game? i love it and have played it so much when it first came out on the PS2 and i love the whole franchise despite the terrible voice acting in the first game xDWorth what i payed for it despite be not buying it when it was on sale :(10/10 my favourite Resident Evil game^-^*
,Recommended,254700,23604785,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Wand3r3r3,"I don't know how anyone can NOT like this game. This...masterpiece. Almost 12 years old and there are still speedrunners and complete perfectionist who play this game and have never gotten bored of it since.Capcom REALLY shines here; to make a game this memorable and beloved, release it on almost every major gaming platform with SOMETHING better about it each time, and now it's here, on glorious, unrivaled PC. I think they're remastering it AGAIN, actually. I mean, why not? The game certainly deserves it. I'd buy it ^.^Wait for a sale if you're one of the many few who have somehow not played this game yet, and just don't know you'll like it or not. Then again, there's always refunding if you're quick enough."
,Recommended,254700,23625862,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sasuko.uchiha18,This game is off the charts with graphic but it sucs on my computer and lags often
76561198057253097,Recommended,254700,9333372,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,❤Snugglebutt❤,The great game released a decade ago finally given the the chance to shine for PC gamers.the HD filters give the game a new shine that i enjoyed and full controller support madegameplay smooth and sharp.If you are are true fan of RE don't pass this up.
,Recommended,254700,30780908,Posted: 27 March,all,-(TenFzoW)-,Babysitting & Tetris10/10
,Recommended,254700,23727019,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Roxas,"Favorite Resident evil game, doesn't have as many horror elements as the previous RE games, but its still quite scary (Mostly towards the end). This game will keep you busy for quite a while since its about a 20 hour gameI had a few technical issues with this game.1)  The game wouldn't work unless I played it in windowed mode,2)  Loading times take about 3-5 minutes, but I think its all my PCs fault3)  There is a lot of slowdown if you try playing the game at 60 fps, I'd recommend to play the game at 30 fps since thats how the game was originally ment to play"
76561198040405552,Recommended,254700,23794013,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SpAceBEar312,"I played this game on Ps2 when i was 7 , after Wii came out I play it again but i never finsh it .It's been 11 years . Finally i finished the game today , my heartbeat still get fast when i get chase by chainsaw .If Capcom make another RE4 remaster on Nextgen console i probably will buy it again !!!And I look forward to play RE7 , the teaser demo looks amazing ."
76561197998570156,Recommended,254700,15102761,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,Its lower case in the steam librabry it makes me kill thy self
,Recommended,254700,9585865,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,It nails everything that's important for a third person shooter and manages to stay incredibly satisfying despite the tank controls.
,Recommended,254700,24216505,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Deputy Dangle,"Why does it have to be UHD, I wanted the original for modding. That's what makes the game more fun after beating it for the 120th time. I am giving this a thumbs up though for the original story itself and it's difficulty."
,Recommended,254700,19825143,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Zesty Mordant,A fantastic experience. Very replayable. One of the last good resident evils. 9/10
,Recommended,254700,23915603,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Brando974,"I think the wii version is just as good because of the precise aiming, for graphics i cant really say much because my laptop isnt quite powerful but nonetheless very fun with a mouse. headshot galore just like on wii"
,Recommended,254700,9793133,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,wrophoenix,"This game brings back a lot of memories for me, and good one's at that. Some people say it's the game that ruined the franchise of Resident Evil by introducing action elements to a survival horror game. Other may say it's the best Resident Evil game there is. I stand somewhere towards the middle, leaning to the best game in the series side. I can agree with the action elements getting out of hand with 5 and 6, but this game balanced the action and the horror pretty well. I like this game in the series so much mostly because it's a very tense and nerve wracking game. Anyone who's played it knows that when you hear that chainsaw revving up, your heart will skip a beat...just me? I doubt that. ;)Anyways the game's features include:*3rd person/over the shoulder point of view*Many guns (if you're into that type of thing)*A pretty great main protagonist*A lousy side character, but adds to the tension definetly*Many great modes, not just a story mode*Story that's okay (looking for grade A story, this isn't your game)Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10, and I definitely recommend it!"
76561198004201910,Recommended,254700,9334956,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dreadfield,"I highly recomends this port, now that months past away, the game recieved a lot of official fixes and some community fixes. you can find to downlaod in the communty tab, wich are a few and awsome.the game now looks, like never before ,with the restored, mised effects, in one moment when the game launched, lacked from some visual effects,, but now restored, looks even superior ,than the gamcube version, and thanks to thewww.re4hd.com,you can download for free, and upgarde to HD trough an enviromental pack, from all the village section, of the game ,wich the textures this guys are making the game looks incredible and sharper mainting the same textures and colors capcom did. Putting the same pictures ,that capcom used,  when they maked the game in 2004.A game, that change the resident evil formula forever ,from estactic cameras, to third person camera shoulder, with horror elements, this game will keep you electrified, and tense trough al the long campaing, shooting ganados surviving monsters and traps, amazing and creppy atmosphere, all to rescue the sutpid president daughter, but if you are a new comer fon resident evil games this games and like dead space or alan wake or evil within among other you cant miss the first who changed all. it resemble to much games now, because many developers took resident evil 4 like a parameter to design the new games from 2004 and late Sois a classic to me so i give it a great note and will recommend this to anyone.9.8/10"
,Recommended,254700,9350834,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Koop (DON'T PLAY PYRO),This game still holds up as probably the best action oriented Resident Evil game. A must have for fans.
76561198080011775,Recommended,254700,14962243,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Inchoate,"Although I definitely recommend this game, as it is a classic, I have a few issues that are bugging the hell out of me.I used to own this for the Gamecube, and a lot of the ""HD"" textures seem half done, or not changed at all compared to their low-res counterparts. Leon's jacket seems hardly different. I've seen much better, higher res textures developed independently and available for free download (the Epsilon/Darkplaces mod for Quake 1 comes to mind).Also, they bound actions to X rather than A, without enough customization to swap the two. This left me with a rather confused thumb, since even newer console games have you pressing A to pick things up. And though I am proficient in games with WASD controls, keyboard and mouse are not an option for a game like this, regardless of customization. They should have let you set individual buttons for both keyboard and controller. It's nothing I can't get used to, but it's still very inconvenient.If you're new to RE4, then you probably might have a better relationship to the controls. But if you're a veteran, beware of missed button presses.Though it is indeed a HUGE step up from the initial PC release from 2005, it's still very lacking for a ""remastered"" game. They could have done so much better like they did with the more recent RE1 remaster.I almost want to say it isn't worth the 20 bucks I spent on it. This game is a classic and deserves better. But as a fan, I still think people should buy it because it's full of action and awesome gameplay (with the exception of escorting Ashley, the annoying little twerp)."
76561198125266458,Recommended,254700,10953624,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Condo,10/10 would play for the 19th time again
,Recommended,254700,10853780,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"tl;dr It's Resident Evil 4.Why don't you already own this game for several different platforms already?This game has memorable atmosphere, fun to use guns, and entertaining, highly replayable gameplay.If you haven't played this game yet, you should. The PC port is actually not a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this time around.I've played and beaten every port of this game on every platform, including the original awful PC port, but they re-ported the game for steam and it's actually not terrible.I still stand by the fact that the Wii Edition is the best version due to it's intuitive controls, but this is the second best version so you're not missing out on much. If you want to know which version of Resident Evil is the WORST, it's the PS2 version or the original PC version (Again, the Steam version is not that PC version, this is a safe buy).Also, keep an eye on this project; It shows a lot of promise.http://www.re4hd.com/"
,Recommended,254700,11146669,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,leonsjacket,"RE4 IS ONE OF THE GREATEST GAMES EVER MADE.I have only played through on the PS2, but highly recommend to anyone who is experienced with strategy based survival horror."
,Recommended,254700,9831341,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,GSDGSD,"Although RE4 is  one of the  best game,seriously CAPCOM lack too  much sincerity.For example the Ada`s way Movie is  not the HD edition.In fact it  optimize badly.But the game itself is really  good."
76561198141023474,Recommended,254700,11025226,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BennieG,"After a decade of sub-par re-release and ports, we finally have an RE4 version we deserve."
,Recommended,254700,9326114,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,snakeoo,This should have been the version the PS3 got instead of the lazy port that was released on the system
76561198026913461,Recommended,254700,10870040,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nilbogs_Finest,Take a page from 8th grade me and buy this game like 6 times.
,Recommended,254700,14222690,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,That guy called Luke,"Do not be fooled by my PC version played time.. After completing this game on PS2.. Xbox 360.. and now moving onto the PC version..The immersion and fun this game brings for me is unparalelled beyond.. STRANGER STRANGER , WHAD'YR BUYIN' ..other games of a similar genre.The rich detail in the story, creepy characters and gripping plot will.. LEEEEOOOOOON!!! ..have you wanting to carry on playing until the end of eternity.Moreover is the variation in surroundings each act of the game brings, building on previous environments and enemies, keeping.. WAIT , FOLLOW ME , WAIT , FOLLOW ME , WAIT , FOLLOW ME ..a refreshing gameply experience throughout.To the point > If you like creepy men who open their coat around every corner to sell you a bargain this game is for you.There is even an on-going mod process further enhancing the HD makeover of the game and the textures look stunning.Some people will tell you they are not a fan of the way the Resident Evil series went.. but STRANGER.. let me tell you this.. THIS GAME IS TE CHOICE OF AN AVID GAME COLLECTOR !!The only thing wrong with this is it isn't multiplayer.. but at no point does it feel lacking from this point. It doesn't need it."
,Recommended,254700,9294731,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Vaneric Strike,"its good to get back in the feeling of the survival horror genre is back and in HD. It is very fun, exciting and horrifying. Its great to get back to basics of the survival horror and the HD updated graphics and audio, is great. I definately reccomend this game to everyone!!"
76561198177604738,Recommended,254700,18538237,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kidboome,it is a good game
,Recommended,254700,9331815,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ragunghf,Finally i can play RE 4 yeeeeeeyyyyy!!!!
,Recommended,254700,27171589,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Filthy E-grill,"Still better than the newer Resident Evil games, surprisingly good port.If you want to get them nostalgia feels but you don't have your trusty ps2 or xbox buy this gameAyy Lmao"
,Recommended,254700,26414244,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,"ngejak main, ditinggal main. ADA","This game, i play when i was junior high scholl on ps2, until now this game not make me bored, nice story. Although for complete 100% is hard. OLD but GOLD"
,Recommended,254700,16514804,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kazuya,"Bought it for the mods... wasnt many but worth the $10other then that, perfect game 10/10you can even switch back to old textures"
76561197986624504,Recommended,254700,9325859,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,bet_pny65,I got this game on gamecube and i loved it. Beat the game on all difficulty. When i saw it on steam i bought it right away! The graphics were amazing and running on 60 fps.
76561198044420787,Recommended,254700,20135124,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,croc,Good game lol
,Recommended,254700,9783959,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,phat rip,"♥♥♥♥ing classic. At the moment has a few slowmotion problems, but there are numerous fixes out there for MANY people.I used to own the PS2 edition way back; me and my step brother used to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥all night... great times.  Play it with a controller to for the best/more enjoyable experience; this game was never designed for keyboard+mouse and it shows.10/10"
,Recommended,254700,9345393,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jodeth,"The best looking and smoothest RE4 you'll find. Textures have been improved a bit, looking almost as good as L4D2's, The keyboard and mouse controls come 2nd best to the Wii version. If you've beaten RE4 a long time ago and want to revisit it, THIS is the one to play. If you're new to it, don't judge it harshly. The controls are like a tank (old school) and the graphics still have a 2005 vibe to them but much much cleaner than before. If you haven't played any RE game before, this one is good to start with as it doesn't have zombies from earlier in the series, instead has a different plague. As of now, the game needs patch for some small issues, and a big one that's not in the main story mode. That shouldn't stop you from buying it. It's an excellent survival horror/action. Something I should note, the game's speed is tied to the frames-per-second (like an emulator). There are 2 FPS settings: 30 and 60. If you can't keep a steady 60, try 30. If you can't keep a steady 30, give up. lol."
76561198035723554,Recommended,254700,10896876,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Saint_Mothula,It's Resident Evil 4 you guys!
76561198066582720,Recommended,254700,29141636,Posted: 9 January,all,ItzzDanny,possibly one of my favourite resident evil games of all time would defo recommend it to anyone the only thing is you have to go into your settings and lower the frame rate to 30fps to stop the game running in slow motion
,Recommended,254700,28062484,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cyrus,I dont like that the pc controls can be more than absurd but the nostalgia this game brings is still what makes it worth playing even after all the playthroughs.
76561198068086438,Recommended,254700,13503042,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hannya,"One of the greatest action-horror game, don't miss it"
,Recommended,254700,9663038,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sloth,"Fantastic game really brings back memeories of my youth, all i can relly say is that bloody girl cant just stop being kidnapped by some crazy farmer in a bunet holding a scyth for 2 god damn minutes.8/10"
,Recommended,254700,10758811,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sequence,"(Quick verdict at the bottom)Score: 4/5Resident Evil 4 is actually the fifth game in the main series, and definitely the most popular. Critics and gamers alike heap praise on this title like there's no tomorrow, and you can't blame them, because the game really is incredible. And although it's set some questionable trends, like the hideous and cheap quick-time event, or the genre shift from horror to action that it's successors unjustly receive criticism for, the game holds up incredibly well today. Thus it should be no surprise that it has been released on basically every platform in one way or another; this one is the second PC version. We're talking aboutCapcomhere, people! The master milkers! This review will be mostly a comparison between the original (abysmal) 2007 PC port and this re-release.Graphically, this game isn't a remake but an HD overhaul, so don't expect it to be amazing. The new textures look great in comparison to the old ones, but still kind of washed out and muddy. Animations are exactly the same, but no complaint there, as they're extremely fluid and, well, kick♥♥♥♥♥ There's a new lighting engine and it looks good, but still not great. Far better than the original 2007 release though. There's also a variety of video options to tweak, which, while standard, weren't there for the original, so it's a nice addition. 60fps looks great if your PC can handle it, but the option to stay at 30fps is still there for lower-end machines. I've heard complaints about how the game runs, but I haven't run into anything major so far, so I assume they've patched a couple of things. Monster design is unique and some of the best in the series, for sure. Regeneradors/Iron Maidens still scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, and they look even worse now in HD. Menus are crisp and finally the cutscenes are in real-time, which is so much better than those eyesore FMVs in the 2007 version.Sound-wise, it holds up well. Being the middle point for the series, the voice acting sort of follows suit; it's like halfway between a B-movie (from Resident Evil 1, 2, 3 and Code: Veronica) and a Hollywood blockbuster (Resident Evil 5, Revelations and 6). Still camp, but in a good way. Music is phenomenal, very appropriate and moody depending on your circumstance in the game. Enemies sound chilling (again, the Regeneradors scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me) and just damn cool a lot of the time. The bosses especially provide some traditional Resident Evil-style mutations. I do have an issue here though; every now and then the game will just stop playing all sounds, only for them to all play at once after a couple of seconds. It doesn't happen often but it is kind of annoying nonetheless.Story: typical Resident Evil. As in, it's just all over the place and weird. Kind of a mixed bag. One thing I never liked about the plot in Resident Evil 4 is how radically different it is from its predecessors.If you ignore the fact that Wesker, Ada and references to Umbrella's downfall are in the game, it really doesn't have anything to do with previous entries.It's pretty much entirely self-sufficient. The fact that the gameplay changes radically as well further alienates it from the earlier games. But the story has never really been a drawing point for me in this series, and it's not too complicated and gets the job done, despite some cliches here and there. Leon S. Kennedy, from Resident Evil 2, is tasked with rescuing the President's daughter, who's been kidnapped in rural Spain. He interacts with a cast of mostly interesting characters, there's a couple of plot twists, and there's some nice political stuff thrown in.The gameplay is where this game shines, and it's easy to see why it's renowned as a classic and one of the best games of all time. Gone are the fixed camera angles, pre-rendered backgrounds, solving puzzles, zombies, and avoiding enemies. Resident Evil 4 is pure action, but this isn't a bad thing, because it's done so well. Setting the trend for basically all future third-person shooters, Resident Evil 4 is played in an over-the-shoulder view from Leon's perspective. Tank controls are far less restricting when the camera moves with you, and aiming is now free, allowing for precision, which you'll definitely need. Enemies react incredibly well depending on where you shoot them, or what type they are. No, you can't move and shoot, but you get used to it quickly (especially if you've played the earlier games).In the place of zombies are Ganados (Spanish for ""cattle""), humans who have been injected with a parasite which makes them all hive-minded servants, hell-bent on slicing you open with a scythe, or rake, or hatchet, or kitchen knife, or chainsaw. Shoot them in the arm and they'll drop their weapon. Shoot them in the leg and they'll drop to their knees, allowing you to perform a crowd-clearing and oh-so-satisfying kick to the head. They're relentless, smart and they greatly outnumber you, and they're always getting stronger and more intelligent, which keeps them from being boring and keeps you on your toes. Their human qualities and behavior makes them all the more creepy too. And there's far more than just Ganados, too. There's tons of different enemies to kill, all requiring different tactics and weapons.Weapons are now acquired (mostly) from a travelling Merchant, who is simply the greatest Resident Evil character of all time. Not really, but he's cool. You can also upgrade weapons, find and sell treasures for more money. Your inventory is now an attache case with a grid-based spacing system, meaning items such as herbs take up a mere two slots, whereas rocket launchers take up a huge a mount of space. You can rotate items to allow for more space, or throw stuff away. Pretty much everything is upgradeable, and the sense of progression is really, really satisfying.Resident Evil 4 is also perhaps the only game in existence to have an escort mission that is actually ENJOYABLE. For about half of the game you have to escort Ashley Graham, the President's daughter, to safety. If she dies or gets captured, Game Over. Thankfully, her AI is actually pretty good, and the fact that you can tell her to stop and hide rather than having to constantly be on the lookout makes the game much less of a hassle.It controls well, although they definitely haven't aged as well as everything else. This port allows for much greater compatibility, either with a 360 controller or keyboard and mouse. Nothing astounding, but when you consider that the original 2007 release miraculously didn't have mouse support, it's a nice touch. And there's a slew of extras after completing the game. Tons of content to unlock, to keep you going. Sure, there isn't anything new in this version that you haven't seen since the original came out, but at least it's all there!If there's one bad thing I can say about this release, it's the fact that it's basically a giant middle-finger to the awesome modding community of the original 2007 version. The people here:http://z6.invisionfree.com/Resident_Evil_4_PC/index.php?showforum=10made what was one of the worst ports in history into one of the best through their hard work and dedication. I'm assuming Capcom either saw what they transformed this game into, or given that it's easier to port nowadays and that there's already a PS3/360 HD version available, decided that they'd just re-release it for some quick cash. However, there is a new modding community for the HD re-release, and if it picks up even a quarter as much as the original community, I'll be really impressed. After all, I did support Capcom and their money-grubbing ways by buying it again.Verdict: Buy it if you haven't played it before or in a long time. It's definitely the best version. Otherwise, stick with whatever release you currently have. There's nothing new here. But that ain't a bad thing!"
76561197984765152,Recommended,254700,9831508,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,DarthPostalDude,"Resident evil 4 is a sequel that changed this franchise for worse, however this is a really good game.The story is that the president’s daughter: Ashley graham is kidnapped and held in a rural town somewhere in Europe, most likely somewhere in Spain where everyone is infected with the plagas virus which involves and an evil cult who wants to take over the world. The story starts off trying to be grim, disturbing and serious than halfway through the game the story decides to become completely ridiculous and not take itself seriously.The gameplay is a significant change from the previous games: you now have a third person over shoulder view point with precision aiming though you still control like a tank, (moving forward and backwards but turning left and right) there are a lot more enemies this time round and they are basically piñatas and drop health items, ammo and money, there’s a currency system where you can by weapons and upgrades from a merchant and you can also sell treasure to the merchant, your inventory system is now a suit case with a grid and all of your times are now represented as diagrams varying in size from the smallest being an egg and the largest being a shotgun or a sniper rifle, typewriters are much more common now and you can use them how many times you want now instead of having limited saves on ink ribbons, you also have quite a varied enemy roster from snakes, to your standard human enemies, to the heavies, giant bugs, dogs and the infamous man with a chainsaw aka Jason Voorhees from part 2, and the gameplay itself usually shifts and changes quite a lot. There are still boss fights and puzzles but for the most part this is a third person shooter more than anything. Oh yeah and you have to escort Ashley for half of the game.The things I don’t like about this game are:The quick time events. Sometimes you’ll just be watching a cut scene than all of a sudden QUICK TIME EVENT and then you die and have to watch the cut scene over and over because you weren’t quick enough the first time it the buttons to press change each time.Ashley graham: one you have to escort her for half of the game which is bad enough (luckily if there’s a dumpster you can just throw her into it and clear the area first) but also she’s really annoying, how many times did you want to twist her head of her shoulders every time she says: “LEEEEOOONNN, HAAAAAAAAALLLPPPP!!!” “HALP ME LEON!!” and every time she screams…ughh…Even when you’ve upgraded the handguns its random of how many shots it takes to blow someone’s head off.This game can be quite frustrating at times but it’s not all that bad. (Resident evil 5 gets the crown for being the most frustrating and annoying)But for the most part this is a fun game to play, it’s the only third person resident evil game that I would say is definitely worth playing."
76561198001785203,Recommended,254700,12172962,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Piercedamage,"Fun game after beating it 7 times on gamecube, first trying it on my cousins wii in 9th grade, playing separate ways, ashley calling you a pervert, the hormones kick in when u control ashley and crawl under desks in 1 part of that mission, flash nading the  parasites from the head, farming all the treasures, rifle headshots on chainsaw ppl when they're down after u shotgun them, or rifle shots on el gigante parasites, much damage, much fun, controls are iffy though cause mouse fights with camera control when turning and looking, try playing around with modern or classic controls, or try a controller."
,Recommended,254700,12148002,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Ngraseffi-BR,Ótimo game refeito com gráficos em HD segue minha avaliação:O que me agradou:Gráficos em Full HD;Extras da Versão em PS2/Wii;Cutscenes em HD 10Compatibilidade total com controle de Xbox360 para PC;Compatibilidade parcial com controles Genéricos PS2 USB;O que não me agradou mas possivelmente pode ser melhorado.Suporte a mais idiomas incluindo as legendas em PT-BRTirando o motivo que não agradou não atrapalha em nada na jogabilidade é um ótimo jogo garantindo bastante horas de diversão.Como alterei minha avaliação estarei removendo os comentários anteriores ficando aberto a novos comentários.
76561197994006480,Recommended,254700,21124874,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,BotoriousNIG,I love this game so damn much. On one of my computers this port ran poorly for no good reason. Thankfully it runs beautifully on my main rig.
76561198162280520,Recommended,254700,22297832,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Deburg2001,Would be good to see all the series availibe on Steam
76561198079026423,Recommended,254700,25339255,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Albert Wesker,"This being the 5th time buying this game over hundreds of hours of play time and three console generations, I can honestly say that I still enjoy replaying this time and time again. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,254700,25293826,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PowerPop Pony,Is gud
,Recommended,254700,28938916,Posted: 2 January,all,Albert Wesker,"Resident Evil 4 is the game that changed Resident Evil and set a new benchmark for a new world of action/horror games.It may be hard to appreciate now, but when this game was released, it was revolutionary. If you liked Resident Evil 5 and 6, then you'll feel right at home with 4. However, if you're a purist (As in, the only ""real"" resident evil games are those before 4) then you may need to ignore the title ""Resident Evil"" as this game is totally different to what you're used to.I'm so glad this game came to PC, I enjoyed playing it on the PS2 and likewise on the Wii. However, I feel as though the controls are pretty weird.The game runs super smoothly and I haven't discovered any bugs, yet."
,Recommended,254700,15629401,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,`KAKa[R]oTt0!,"This is my best game every played on my life and forever, i can't forget the skill i got when playing it on PS2 ... i can say it's  amazing game for me."
76561198089384786,Recommended,254700,16475820,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Millertime,"There was a conflict with regards to compatibility with my old pc, but now i've upgraded and im ready to be decapitated again!Saddler said they could eat me.11/10"
,Recommended,254700,9342261,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Mörtsyn,"An instant classic, one of the best games ever released on the Gamecube, and quite possibly the peak of the RE franchise that'll never be reached again until CRAPCOM starts getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, with the only other game near its awesomeness being RE2. This is the time when the RE franchise focused more on Horror and tense gameplay (and a little bit on puzzles as well,) and much less on Action (RE5 and RE6.) At least Revelations was a step in the right direction, so let's hope they can manage to follow up on it.Wonderful tension thankstothe stiffness of the game - RE6 proved this, with its non-stiffy-ness. A perfect blend of Horror and Action.But let's be honest here; We allhatebabysitting Ashley.PS. Make sure to check out the RE4HD fan project. The amount of work put into it is outright amazing."
76561198104515041,Recommended,254700,22135647,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,c r a z y b e l m o n t,"Resident Evil 4 is the best game ever. I mean that. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpeice. Every setpeice puts a first time player on edge with effective scares, scenery and  atmosphere. I've completed this game around 14 times, give or take. I spent many restless hours piddling through this game when it first came out. I was young at the time, and I never played anything like it. It was indescribably captivating. As a veteran now, even my proffesional playthroughs are pieces of cake that run like clockwork, but that first fluid playthrough as a kid playing on my friends gamecube eating junk food and shivering in fear was a perfect gamin experience. What a wouldn't give for the feeling of the tingling of my knuckles and the drop in my stomach I felt  the first time I saw Dr. Salvador. The game is comprised into three acts like a movie. The first consisting of Leon's forray into the parasite infested forrests of Madrid, the second into a mansion landscape with bizarre cultists around every corner, and the final a makeshift industrial complex where Umbrella tests on the Spain denisans. Each room  or area is memorable in an unbelievable way. After playing through once or twice you could do it with your eyes closed. This inspired a genre of the uninspired. But what it has over other 3rd person cover shooters at the time is that it's great, a masterpiece. For any gamer it's a practically mandatory experience. I've bought it on every console it's came out on. Do yourself a favor and buy it. (just be sure to set the game to 30 FPS due to the speed bugs caused by 60 FPS.)"
76561198131176996,Recommended,254700,13886867,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Jovem Jubileu,"It's truly nice to play in 60 fps, the changes in textures are also a nice touch but many old textures remain as well as some bugs, however it's still the Resident Evil 4 we loved many years ago and I'm very satisfied. I only wanted to have a better videocard to play smoothly the 60 fps fixed promised as it seems to drop and causes slow motion when you use a lowe end video card.  After all Resident Evil 4 is one of the games that no matter how many times you have played, if you play again you're still gonna have fun."
,Recommended,254700,15507138,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Hisasi,"biosp00k 4This was a game of my childhood pretty much, its good.Prepare to stock up and♥♥♥♥♥♥though cause ♥♥♥♥9/10"
,Recommended,254700,29019408,Posted: 4 January,all,toxic,"Had this game on PS2 but never finished it. When I saw it on Steam I purchased it and beat it in around 14 hours. This game is probably one of the best single player experiences I've ever had. Don't let the poor graphics fool you, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,254700,14331877,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Deathsythe,"There isn’t much to be said about Resident Evil 4 that hasn’t already been beaten into the ground. All these years later it is still one of the most lovingly detailed, polished, and meticulously put together games of all time. Easily Mikami’s best work and undeniably the game that shifted the paradigm of horror games for years following its release (for better or worse). What is lacking in horror is made up for in tense encounters that encourage quick take downs and efficient use of supplies.The story is pure ham - even by Resident Evil standards. The series may be known for jumping the shark, but Resident Evil 4 takes it to new lengths. A Napoleonic little person, bizarre cults, a giant automaton, and cringe worthy one-liners are just part of what awaits the player. It is all good fun, however, and the game seems as if would be far less without its off kilter humor as well as personality.Resident Evil 4 itself is a lengthy game, the main story alone shames most anything that comes to mind in terms of variety and content. In addition two scenarios featuring series regular, Ada, as well as the much loved Mercenaries mode round out the offerings, if that was not enough the game offers a slew of unlockables. Even at full price the value proposition is excellent.The PC version itself feels a bit perfunctory. That said it runs at just any resolution one would expect at a rock solid 60 FPS. In addition the game supports the Xbox 360/One controller without issue. This version of the game is easily a far cry from the original PC port. This reviewer personally experienced no issues with the game. A must have for any fan of the genre or even third person action games in general. Highly recommended."
76561198076775218,Recommended,254700,16313021,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,pilotciab,On of the best resident evil games
,Recommended,254700,10857866,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NinjaWaffle,Killed a birdGot a grenade.10/10 Would kill a bird again.
76561198010520464,Recommended,254700,15314520,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SaiDaas,Fought off Hoards of the infected. Went three days without showing. Fought off the undead with regenerating capeabilitys.  Spat on my massive insects. Hair still fabulous.
76561198033281889,Recommended,254700,10139904,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Korvaboso,5/5
,Recommended,254700,10970158,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,J-Gravina,"Easily in my top 3 greatest games i've ever played, definatly worth the buy"
,Recommended,254700,11161203,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,CravingJimbo,"An epic classic of a man who injects one too many herbs into his body and starts to trip balls. Hispanics? Yeah. Island adventure? Yeah. Gunslinging babes in lingerine? Yup.  Leon is just that high of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Embark on an emotional journey of a man on a quest to take a blonde haired minor on the highest trip of her life only to come crashing done when she has to go back to daddy. Dream on, Leon. Dream on.  11/10"
,Recommended,254700,10875283,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Markie,I got bitten by Luis Suárez10/10 must buy
,Recommended,254700,15880035,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lakas,"sometimes i cover myself in marinara sauce, lay in my bathtub in the fetal position, and pretend i am a meatball."
,Recommended,254700,9371438,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,A Down Syndrome Tiger,"Nostalgia at it's finest. You get a remastered version of the game plus ""Seperate Ways"" for only 20 bucks. You can't beat that. The games shades and textures definitely make the game feel brand new again. 60 frames keep it fast-paced and will keep you on your toes while still looking smoother than ever. Playing with a controller is a must seeing as how the keyboard and mouse controls feel too rigid. Keep post process quality off unless you want the game to run like like a one-legged dog with a vestibular disorder. If you experience any lag you may need to adjust the anisotropic filtering. I found it strange that the subtitles option was locked at 'off'. No matter. I highly reccomend this port for Biohazard veterans and newcomers alike. Steam definitely redeemed the PC version of Biohazard 4 on this one. 10/10"
76561198143695218,Recommended,254700,16627107,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,killer toe,"I loved this game when i was 9 and i still do now, but sadly i had the controls on PC and with a xbox controler. I enjoyed it the more with the wii but thats just a option. Again great game and you need to try it:3"
,Recommended,254700,16642378,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,manyHats,"A little rough, don'cha think?"
,Recommended,254700,22022526,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ⒷⓇⓊⒸⒺ ⒻⓄⓇⓉⒺ,"RESIDENT EVIL: NEVER GO TO EUROPE EDITIONWe have vampire cultists, giants, giant fish, smaller fishmen, terrifying claymen, more vampire cultists and the most terrifying of them all: Spanish farmers. This is actually how it is like to live in Europe. A very accurate attempt at simulating our lifestyle. Hell, most of us wear cloves of garlic around our necks to ward off roaming vampires.The story of the game itself is about an American tourist that heads out to meet his online girlfriend, Alice, who lives in Spain. She is also the Alice from Alice in Wonderland, since that's a European story. His ex keeps calling him up on the trip, though, and he gets so distracted that he gets in trouble with the local townspeople, who in turn send the vampire cultists on him. Now Leon has to go and find Alice, get her out of Spain, which is a hellhole filled with vampires, and then contemplate if he is in fact bisexual, as he meets a hot Spanish super-cop on the way there as well.This game gets a ten out of ten rating from me as probably the most accurate simulation of European life."
76561198058966979,Recommended,254700,27579614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yamada elf,unico ♥
,Recommended,254700,26351957,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"The controls are really awful and some of the movie files are low-res, but the game is a hell of a lot of goofy fun and easily overcomes that and any other issues with its age.  All the characters, dialogue, setpieces and the plot are utterly ridiculous but this is NOT a bad thing.  It remains a really charming game and certainly good for at least one playthrough, including Ada's Side-Mission Extra you unlock by beating the game for the first time."
76561198048973947,Recommended,254700,27382812,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Time Paradox,Revolutionized 3rd person shooters. Still fun to play.
76561198087082352,Recommended,254700,25226200,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Greatiiznar,da best game of the year
,Recommended,254700,24463484,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BILLY MAYS,"It's Resident Evil 4. Of course it's great. If you haven't played it yet, why? One of the best 3rd person action games ever made and the port isn't total garbage.This is also the only port that allows 60fps gameplay, which after playing is impossible to go back to 30. 60fps can cause slowdown after menus or pausing, but it can be fixed by pausing completely and then unpausing. Also, free look can be somewhat problematic but it's entirely manageable.Plays surprisingly well with the Steam Controller with correct configs.just buy it and get your head choppde off by the chainsaw man.9.8/10"
,Recommended,254700,26341982,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Miimaster,"Resident Evil 4 is by far my favorite Resident Evil Game. The game stars Leon (first introduced in Resident Evil 2) as he searches for the President's daugther Ashley. He finds the both of them injected with a parasite called ""Las Plagas"" by a man named Sadler and must escape while searching for a cure and a way to stop Sadler. The game moves away from the T-Virus and focuses on this new threat. The game is an over the shoulder Third Person Shooter game unlike other RE titles, and brings a bit more action to the table. Unlike future installments however, RE4 doesn't ditch puzzles entirely and there are still a few great ones. While Leon has access to more weapons and ammo then other games, Enemies are a bit more tricky. Some will try to dodge his attacks, while others will sprout a Las Plagas upon defeat that takes over their body (Not unlike the Anime/ Manga Parasyte). The game has quite the few tense moments (like the one hit Kill Chainsaw Weilders) but is not too difficult. My one major complaint is the lack of Subtitles when playing with the Language set to English. Other than that, RE4 is an awesome RE game that stands at a comprimise between the older titles, and the action based Resident Evil 5 and 6"
76561198103480653,Recommended,254700,29791091,Posted: 8 February,all,The Infamous Godfather,"Best resident evil game, I have ever played."
,Recommended,254700,26918367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PinkPyro™,"though i have not played this game for very long i have to say it is a very enjoyable game, from shooting zombies talking to npc's and even modding the game its self,  for the 12 years it has been out and the hd remake, if you have not played this game you should,p.s- buy it now while its cheap."
,Recommended,254700,27112115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rayleigh,لعبة زي العسل
76561198095233231,Recommended,254700,26594338,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Arthanox,Best RE by far!!!!!
,Recommended,254700,27324764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Winter Light,"Resident Evil 4 is a great game. There's a port for this game everywhere for a good reason. A great mix of action with survival horror. Heavily recommended if you are even the least bit curious.The version at the time of this review i'm writing seems to have plenty of compatibility issues. For people with laptops here's how I fixed my game crashing: go to Services , and stop the service that says ""Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel Service"". Don't ask my what's the relation, all I know is that my game crashed every 15 minutes unless I stopped this service. You're welcome."
,Recommended,254700,27545782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,poke,muere muere muerealli esta
,Recommended,254700,27857420,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Space Pope 2: Pope Harder,Played this on the Playstation 2 for a huge chunk of my childhood. Like most I have the game memorised.10/10 would suplex not zombies again
,Recommended,254700,26300690,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Roro,"Probably the best version of RE4 there is. The controls for this version might take some getting used to (especially for quick time events) but once you've got them down the game is probably the most fun to handle out of any that I've played (GC, PS2, Wii, and this one)."
76561198072226868,Recommended,254700,28029796,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JosephDC,Awsome game! Brings back memories!
,Recommended,254700,28962261,Posted: 2 January,all,patfromparts,"For me, resident evil 4 is by far my favorite of the series and I always end up coming back to play it.I have easily spent hundreds of hours way back just replaying  the story and unlocking everything,Never used a guide to find everything and learning of the hidden treasures in the game.Long story short, resident evil 4 is personally my favorite game of all time.10/10PS: Always knife the boxes."
76561198103501502,Recommended,254700,28965566,Posted: 2 January,all,midnightdoll,"Great game. This is the first RE game I have played, via a recommendation. Absolutely loved it, so I went back and bought the original one when it was on sale. Beautiful atmosphere, in a dark, disturbing way. The monsters are creepy. Don't shoot them in the head (why did you just do that after I warned you not to?)."
,Recommended,254700,27048333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sinoc229,"It's one of those games that's so fantastic and revolutionairy that it acidentaly caused a huge wave in the industry that made everyone copy it for a decade, like Doom and Space Invaders.Also, Leon also has more sas than a fat black lady in New Orleans so it's a pretty fun time."
,Recommended,254700,23848149,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr.WereWolph,"This game is better than all of the newer RE games, guaranteed (We aren't counting RE7+).Some positives about the game.+Remastered 1080p60fps+Good Play Time (Over 11 hours of gameplay first time through)+Awesome replay value (Unlocked difficulties and alternate campaigns)+Great atmosphere, if you plan on playing this game for good spooks, you've come to the right placeSome negatives.-Minor glitch at minecart part where in the quicktime event where you have to tap ""x"" and you are at locked 60fps, you are almost guaranteed to fall everytime, to get past this, you have to swap to locked 30fps just to get past that one part.-Controls are a little ""Untraditional"", I recommend not using your gamepad for this game, unless you feel like swapping all the buttons until you like them. I just think pressing ""A"" on a Xbox controller to shoot is AIDS and should not exist.-Minor dickatry at some parts in the game. (Ex. The Shrubbery Maze, The Ashley slider puzzle, etc.)So plan for some rage.Overall, buy the game. I loved it. I plan on playing again... And again... And again..."
76561198042264312,Recommended,254700,26935129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dog✪WW3,"Bingo night gone wrong, are you a bad enough American secret agent to rescue the president's pet monkey girl?"
,Recommended,254700,26802981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nazca  ツ,(y)
,Recommended,254700,27378551,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DocDevilWoman,"I've played this game so many times through and it seriously never gets old. There are parts I hate. There are parts I hate more.Any sane person who has played this game knows the feeling. NO ONE enjoys fighting the regenerating som♥♥♥♥♥es. NO ONE likes that tiny Napoleon feller. NO ONE likes getting trapped in that cage while a giant man is dropped on your head and you panic trying to get out. And NO ONE and I mean NO ONE on this earth likes Ashley. Fight me over it. I wouldn't change a single thing about this game though. I have more love for this game than many of the games I've played and I've played a good many.If you've never played this game, play it now. It's beautiful. It's amazing and it's just a lovely thing to experience."
,Recommended,254700,29325462,Posted: 17 January,all,Vladmir Lemonade,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I ♥♥♥♥ing love it"
,Recommended,254700,29642018,Posted: 1 February,all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"I haven't yet played any other Resident Evil games, and this is the only one I currently own.First thing to note is the interesting way the game controls. Even though RE4 uses a third person camera instead of the fixed camera perspective of the older games, the game still retains its tank controls, by which I mean instead of the A and D keys strafing your character, it instead rotates the character. However after you get used to it, it's a functional control scheme.Also, unlike most modern third person shooters, you cannot move and shoot at the same time. When you right click to aim, you are now fixed in your position until you no longer hold down the button. However, this hasn't been a frustration to me so far, since the enemies move and act in a way that accomodates this sort of play.Even with these differences, this game is very fun so far. I haven't gotten too far, but I very much enjoy the time I've spent so far, and I highly recommend this game to people, even if they haven't played the other games. The story is pretty hard to follow for me, as I have little to no context for the story (I know what Racoon City is, but that's about it) but even then, it's still fun to watch and follow."
,Recommended,254700,27352004,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,THE GOLDEN GOD 개리,Wait!Follow me!Wait!Follow me!Wait!Follow me!
76561198315842429,Recommended,254700,27373721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,strange,"what i liked:1. this game had an amazing story. as you progress the game you meet uexpected people, you start the game feeling lost and hopless in a town in spain, in the end though you are a triger happy basterd who has an incindiary rocket launcher which one hit kills the final boss.2.you had a verity of guns. you get about five pistols, 2 snipers, 3 shotguns, 3 revolvers i rocket , 1 submachine gun and 1 chicago typewriter3.the game was a true horror game done right. it had very good atmosphere sounds, music and the bosses were intrsting too4.high replay value. for example mercinaries, hard mode, assigmant ada and seperate wayswhat i did not like:1. the combat feels rusty with its controlls and it takes a while to get used to.2.the graphics are meh for a HD remaster as all the developers did was improve framerate and made the graphics sharper and in HD, the textures on faces and bodies etc. are all the same.conclusion: if you played any of the other resident evil games or if you are into well written stories with intrigue, suspence and action tahn this is yor type of game, but if you are into games where you care about graphics and gameplay baove else thatn you may find it a hard time playing and enjoying this game"
76561198070291347,Recommended,254700,20453233,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Seron_Lowell,"One Guy. One Guy kills a huge♥♥♥♥♥lake monster, a giant Gollum, saves Princess Peach, kills a mutated-bigass mayor and basically destroys his village and it´s inhabitants. Goes to Hogwarts Castle for ""parasite activities"", takes on blind Wolverine Cosplayers, Crossbow-Jerks, mutated-acid spitting insects, giant Gollums (again), rides a Minecart through Hell, escapes Napoleon´s own moving Statue and takes on Napoleon himself. Then he proceeds to destroy a Research/Military Island. All the while he kills the incarnation of the Band ""Iron Maiden"", rides a Bulldozer with Princess Peach, kills another, rather unknown band called ""U-3"", dodges lazors like in a cheap Matrix Movie and settles things with the ""Traitor"". Finally, he kills the Mastermind who was responsible for all of this and escapes together with Princess Peach on a Jet-Ski to get laid. All the while, he finds drugs to cure his wounds and to improve his health (Legalise Weed!) and sells treasures and goods from the people he kills to a teleporting Merchant who may or may not be the TRUE mastermind behind everything! Also Ada Wong appears, from Resident Evil 2. You probably heard from her.10/10Would Suplex again"
,Recommended,254700,10034523,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,skippyrocks,"This game is awesome! RE4 is my favourite game of all time.Yes, the controls are a little clunky, you can't strafe and you have to stand still to shoot, but each of these factors add to the tension of the game. They make things a little uncomfortable and a little more dangerous... (In a lesser game, no strafe movements and having to be still to shoot would be deal-breakers for me, but I got the hang of them quite quickly and haven't really missed them at all).RE4 has fantastic atmosphere, challenging bosses and even the QTEs aren't nearly as frustrating as most other games I have played.I was initially concerned about having to babysit an AI character (Ashley) and though (in a few of my other-console playthroughs) she caused me to die more than a few times, her presence added to the 'danger' of the game. (I know a lot of players hated Ashley, but I thought she could be fun to protect).So whether you play this on one of many consoles, I recommend it! Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,254700,22010920,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,нǝɐɹтвeaт💓,"Dont mind my hours.I had this game for the PS2 but lost the game D; So glad to find it on steam.I LOVE this game so much.If you are a Resident Evil games fan then you will definitely enjoy this game.Depending on the mode you play, you might want to save items and find the best alternative to defeatboss fights and other enemies (no shizz, I am sure you already know this ^_^).Intense and fun~"
76562168028223023,Recommended,254700,15053873,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Profile Name,"I am very glad CAPCOM released Resident Evil 4 on Steam. I loved it on the PS2 and missed it very much since I stopped playing console games. Now it is here and very enjoyable. The new textures look good and the performance is great.The storymode takes about 15 hours and offers a NewGame+ option with all previous equipment and some bonus weapons. After the first playthrough the game offers two small bonus campaigns and a mercenary mode which consists of just killing as much zombies as possible while a timer runs down.The gameplay is about choosing the right weapon on the the right occasion, exploring the surroundings to collect items and solve puzzles, learning the enemy's weaknesses, managing their items and enjoying the creepy feeling from time to time. If one follows these rules and remembers they do not have to kill all enemies they can easily beat the game on normal mode."
,Recommended,254700,19983669,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BoomerzDude,One of my most favorite games of all time.If you haven't played this game you were either too young to realize what your missing by not playing it or you live under a rock. In some third world ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And you should still rob the nearest person with a couple dollars to there name and get this game.
76561198099814913,Recommended,254700,20282762,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rick Ghastly,¡Allí está!Entire game in a nutshell
76561198042030047,Recommended,254700,30365949,Posted: 6 March,all,Renji,"Classic game with lots of content even post-game, as well as great replay value. Definately one of the best in the Resident Evil series. Definately play this one if you are a fan of any kind of shooter."
,Recommended,254700,28434691,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Koyaanisqatsi,"I have only just started gaming a few months ago. Resident Evil 4 on PC is the first game I played and completed. This classic game is a good introduction to gaming as you move through the normal to professional levels.  The controls are relatively simple to learn and get used to on a xbox 360 controller.  This remastered version does not have the greatest graphics by today's standards, but there is a good mixture of plot events, action and exploration for a beginner.The side mission Separate Ways (unlocked after you complete the game at least once) is a short but nice bonus.  The paramters by which you must complete the mission is different, since you play Ada's adventure alongside Leon's main storyline. The change in combat style, health and lack of weapon range/upgrade provides a different experience.  One of the highlights is the sequence within the warehouse, where you must survive against hoards of militia Ganados as well as machine gun turrets.Assignment Ada is another side mission that offers a faster-paced chapter, with no type-writers or the Merchant to help and dwindling suitcase space as you must drop supplies to fit in the Plagas samples.Playing on the Professional mode can feel exhausting at times - the level design in increase in difficulty can at times rely too much on increasing the number of enimies.  In that kind of situation the timing becomes key to progressing beyond certain areas.  An example is the room with the lava pool and the wrecking ball.  I was stuck in that room for a good couple of hours because you need to get pass the room with enough ammos and health items left to continue until the next type-writer/save point.In the Separate Ways mission, one can feel too flush with ammos, health items  and petas - I ended the game with a XL suitcase full of supplies.Finally, the Mercenary side mission is not something I enjoyed.   Playing the character Leon shooting as well Ganados as possible with time limits and running around in a large area is devoid of what I like about RE4.All in all, I spent 104 hours play time on it.  It has been worth every penny of the 11.99 GBP I paid for the game."
,Recommended,254700,28519674,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dhoom,"Probably the best action-shooter in the genre. Even over a decade later, it's amazingly fun and a joy to play."
,Recommended,254700,9367347,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,hachi,"The game itself is great, there's no arguing that. The main problem however, lies in how it handles on the PC. It's incredibly sluggish unless you turn down you resolution to at the very least 1280 x 720 and is  sometimes unresponsive during quicktime events (when using a gamepad). While I do recommend this game overall, be wary. Hopefully Capcom will release a patch for it and soon."
76561198042551993,Recommended,254700,9298924,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Millitary Cuckold,if your a fan of the platinum games back in the early days of ps2 and game cube this is a must have all we need now is viewitful joe and okami then we are set
,Recommended,254700,11272189,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,A burrito.,Successfully fit the black bass in the inventory.  The gods fear me now.  Much heresy out of 10
,Recommended,254700,9382624,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Skedar,"Besides the delay filled cutscenes and the assraping frame lag when theres too many particles and/or when using the Sniper Rifle, its well worth the $20.00 you pay for it. If you're very anal about cosmetics and performance maybe wait it out until they throw out some patches to fix theese issues, or if you're not stupid like me and you can actually tweak your settings to improve performance, do that instead.And I highly reccomend playing it with an Xbox360 controller, If possible. I've been instructed by a friend that the Keyboard/Mouse controls are sluggish and stupidly bound.All in all, fun as ♥♥♥♥, I'd give it 7/10. The score would be higher if those damn video faults wern't there QQ"
,Recommended,254700,9401056,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Lotuseater24,"Stil a great game after all these years, and challenging as well. This game is not easy and not for anyone who enjoyed RE6, as they are leagues apart. The horror elements are strong and pop up everywhere and the game handles survival well enough by pitting you against enough enemies with limited supplies, and expecting you and a partner to survive. The puzzles are decent and still prevalent, the shooting is stellar, the mechanics of the game have enough action to stay interesting, and most deaths wont be cheap, minus the QTE that this game spawned in the series. This game is easily head ans shoulders above its series' counterparts and a true highlight of a Resident Evil that kept true to its tank-like survival horror style and the sequels which were inspired by the true life of Michael Bay. This game earns itself a perfect 10/10, and you should play it, if you haven't already."
,Recommended,254700,9377799,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Rains Dabs,"if you havent played this game.your missing out on life, so play it."
,Recommended,254700,9291292,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,CombineAssassin,Rip spanish policemen
,Recommended,254700,14956796,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Lil Nig Nog,Good stuff
76561198028678769,Recommended,254700,19595652,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kyle,"Amazing, classic game. One of the very best of all time, and I'm glad that so many games took notes from it. PC port has weird framerate drops every now and then, but it's still the first time being in 60fps, and it is fantastic."
,Recommended,254700,10477882,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Rogerxman,The sequal of the Master Piece
,Recommended,254700,19656341,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ace,"No gravity , no falling damage  Leon > Physics"
,Recommended,254700,18367760,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,nightmare404x,"As of patch 1.02 the mouse aiming has been pretty much fixed due to them eliminating the negative mouse acceleration, making the game actually playable with KB/M. Which is amazing since this is probably the best game Capcom has ever made, and I might even go so far as to call it a masterpiece."
76561198039476851,Recommended,254700,18300815,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,...,"RE4 the first Mature game i ever played back when i was like 5 yrs old, GET THIS GAME!"
76561198035904697,Recommended,254700,10478400,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Crimson Steel Wolf,"Not exactly the HD remake I wanted of this game however they did add some decent features that where absent in the PS3 and Xbox 360 remake , higher resolution textures , maybe some lighting enhancement ( not sure have to play a little more to determine so) bumb mapping and specular highlight as noted in the latest patch release notes , postional audio ( great for surround headphones like the ones I have) , actuall, good pc keyboard and mouse controls ( i'm looking at you original RE4 pc version) and since it is on pc modding it is a breeze, framerate is capped at 60 although with some tweaking of the games configuration files you could most likely set it higher ( take advantage of higher refresh rate monitors). Moving on to the actuall gameplay it is just as great as I remeber it playing on the GameCube , great levels , cool enemies , and great action mixed in with a little survival horror elements. great game a must buy for pc owners"
76561198020478535,Recommended,254700,17149222,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Stevenewhen,Great game! I recommend playing in the native 30 FPS because with the forced 60 FPS option causes image ghosting while making fast movements.
,Recommended,254700,15275259,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,The Mewtilator,"I didn't have any problems playing this on my PC @ 60 FPS.I advise the use of a controller because the KB+M controls can be a little wonky. Aside from that, it's a great game and you should buy it. Then play it when the fanmade HD textures are available."
76561198139006148,Recommended,254700,24074658,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dr. Ambiguous,"Quick Breakdown:A remastered version of Capcom’s 2005 horror classic. At times a slow paced survival game, punctuated with bursts of more frenetic third person shooter action.Length:20-25 (Main game), 30+ (Main + extras)Genre:Survival Horror / Third Person Shooter / ActionScore:8.5/10Review Date:2016-07-04Full Review:Having not initially played this game until almost a decade after its release, it’s more difficult for me to fully grasp the impact it originally had on the industry, and while I’d love to go in depth with that, I’m just not familiar enough with those details. Instead we’ll focus on what we have here, which is a game that is still fantastic to play, even for the first time.You play as Leon Kennedy, as US government agent sent to rescue the President’s daughter from a crazed cult in Spain. While doing so, he uncovers a more sinister plot involving a mind controlling parasite known as Las Plagas. It’s a pretty decent story, and more than enough to keep things interesting.On to the meat of RE4: the gameplay, and it’s solid. The controls are a little bit dated, utilizing tank controls, in which your character turns left and right instead of strafing, and the mouse aims without changing the camera angle. It took some getting used to, but probably 2 or 3 hours of gameplay, but it was worth it in the end. While I certainly prefer more modern controls, they at least works for the game.The game starts off very slow paced, very much a survival horror game in its early stages, having to scrounge around for weapons, health, and ammo, and just barely managing to scrap by. Resources eventually become a more easily manageable thing in the later game, once it transitions to be more action heavy. That’s not to say you can ever stop worrying and just coast without thinking of supplies, especially since you have to play inventory tetris. You have a limited amount of carrying space, represented by a grid, which each item taking up one or more grid spaces, and in various shapes representing the item itself. It’s not the perfect system, and it has its drawbacks, but at the same time it has a charm to it that does add a unique element to the game, while managing to benefit the survival element of the game.The game has a good horror atmosphere, featuring unsettling environments, and a host of interesting enemies, from crazed villagers, horrible beasts, parasitic lifeforms, and religious fanatics. The bosses in the game are massive, colossal behemoths, grotesquely deformed parasites, and a hell of a lot of fun to fight.Some of the game seems to draw a lot of inspiration from John Carpenter’sThe Thing, which given that it’s one of my favourite movies ever, is certainly a good thing. This can be seen in some of the enemies (Las Plagas seems to borrow some inspiration), and especially a level in the later part of the game set in a frozen laboratory (which also calls to mind the originalThe Thing From Another Worldfrom 1951). Possibly I’m drawing more connections between the two given that I greatly enjoy each, but it’s nonetheless something that I can’t help but notice and chalk up as a positive.If there’s any downside to the gameplay that jumps out, it’s the quick time events, which add little-to-nothing, and are sometimes frustrating. There’s even a QTE or two where some people had to turn down their graphic settings, else they’re impossible to pass. I don’t remember if I personally had this problem, but I know my brother did, and he played on a machine similar to mine. For reference, one of them was the QTE at the end of an action filled mine cart passage (which in itself was a lot of fun), but the QTE involved rapid button mashing.The game itself looks beautiful, the remastered graphics manage to really bring out the environments and enemies. I haven’t played any of the previous versions of the game, but from what I’ve read poking around online, this is the best version to play if you’re new to the game. If you’ve already played the game before, there’s no need to play through this again just because it’s been remastered, unless of course you simply want to play it again since it’s a great game. (Something I myself intend to do at some point).The main game itself will take you around 20 or so hours to finish the main campaign; though I think I took a bit longer than that myself, adjusting to the controls, and exploring everything. (Not that I got 100% or anything). There are a few bonuses that you manage to unlock by finishing the campaign, a pair of mini-campaigns where you play as Ada Wong, which will take about an hour or two each, and are a fun romp.There’s also a mini-game, called The Mercenaries, in which you can play as 5 different characters (4 of which must be unlocked), and your aim is to earn as high a score as possible before the time runs out. Points are earned by killing enemies, with combos and boss enemies rewarding more points. It’ll help kill at least an hour or so just dicking around, and it’s decent fun.If you’re a fan of horror games, especially survival horror mixed with action, this is a must play. Otherwise, it might not do much for you, but it’s worth at least a try if it piques your interest."
,Recommended,254700,26943776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Madvillain,Where's everyone going? Bingo?
,Recommended,254700,28700813,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vendethyel,"I still love this game, ever since it came out on the Gamecube."
76561198171128827,Recommended,254700,32331560,Posted: 10 June,all,Save The Elusive Chubby!!!,"I LOVE RESIDENT EVIL 4. :D  Where do i start. From the get go you know your in for a treat. You go as leon kennedy a government agent sent to a mysterious aren in europe to rescue the presidents daughter. But when leon is introduced to the setting and local populace he realizes he is in for the most horrific mission of his life. From the hefty ganados to the hulking el gigante you realize that you are one man against an entire cult of crazed parasitic maniacs. You get to wield a variety of weapons to the simple pistol to the plaga vaporizing prl laser cannon. To accompany you is ashley as you lead her out of the rural area of outland villages, farms, old historical castles and even an isolated island out in the middle of nowhere. Along with leon and ashley you soon discover your not the only ones fighting the plaga infested poplulace as third world coverts start showing up and being surfaceing as the story goes along. To conclude resident evil 4 is one of the best games i have ever played it has stood the test of time to be the best survival horror out there and will forever be in my top ten best games i ever PLAYED.                         9.8/10 my favorite resident evil game to date"
,Recommended,254700,27432417,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Redoctober,Timeless and repeatable.  Its a game you can't go wrong with the balance of scary and campy.  I have beaten this game up and down 12 times and still fun to revisit once a year.  Can't wait for the HD texture pack to fullly enjoy this masterpiece.
,Recommended,254700,9297944,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TheDarkenedRose,"This is the best remastering of RE4 that I have ever played. the audio is crystal clear, the textures are updated and amazing, hell, even the character models are great! Also 60fps and support for higher resolutions! Totally recommend for anyone who played the game before, or to newcomers of the Resident Evil series. This is the game that changed the way RE was played. No more fixed cameras, just that 3rd person camera with tank controls that we love."
,Recommended,254700,24320610,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JimtheSFN,"Finished this yesterday and I like it more then Resident Evil HD Remaster.It has some very nice fights (thou I wish some boss fights were harder).You can upgrade weapons. Give you different options to how you want to go with combat.Story is ok. Graphics, music and sound is fine in the game.I do for sure recommend this game. Was fun to play through.I do recommend it!"
,Recommended,254700,32666249,Posted: 22 June,all,Elaiiskar,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnGsO5Ul5KM10/10.
,Recommended,254700,9352608,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,HYPER CHAMP,"One of if not the best games on a console renowned for a large amount of amazing games, now here on PC at last. 60 FPS may not work if you do not have a good computer because it is unplayably slow because it can't dip below 60. Fortunately the 30 FPS option is still there, as are all the old graphics if you want or have to. GET THIS."
76561198072081222,Recommended,254700,29096455,Posted: 7 January,all,The Gecko Within 2,"I've been cheated by you since I don't know whenSo I made up my mind, it must come to an endLook at me now, will I ever learn?I don't know how but I suddenly lose controlThere's a fire within my soulJust one look and I can hear a bell ringOne more look and I forget everythingw-o-o-o-ohMamma mia, here I go againMy my, how can I resist you?Mamma mia, does it show again?My my, just how much I've missed youYes, I've been brokenheartedBlue since the day we partedWhy, why did I ever let you go?Mamma mia, now I really know,My my, I could never let you go.I've been angry and sad about things that you doI can't count all the times that I've told you we're throughAnd when you go, when you slam the doorI think you know that you won't be away too longYou know that I'm not that strong.Just one look and I can hear a bell ringOne more look and I forget everythingw-o-o-o-ohMamma mia, here I go againMy my, how can I resist you?Mamma mia, does it show again?My my, just how much I've missed youYes, I've been brokenheartedBlue since the day we partedWhy, why did I ever let you go?Mamma mia, even if I sayBye bye, leave me now or nevermamma mia, it's a game we playBye bye doesn't mean foreverMamma mia, here I go againMy my, how can I resist you?Mamma mia, does it show again?My my, just how much I've missed youYes, I've been brokenheartedBlue since the day we partedWhy, why did I ever let you goMamma mia, now I really knowMy my, I could never let you go"
,Recommended,254700,32374538,Posted: 12 June,all,QuasiSnipr1048,"TD;LR:  As a game, Resident Evil 4 is cult classic and a very rewarding survival/horror experience that needs very little explanation.  As a port and “upgrade” to the original experience, the game does mostly right and a few wrongs, but overall it is a better game because of it.  Updated graphics, a 60 FPS experience, and some other, more minor details have brought this game up to modern standards from its PS2 days.I don’t consider myself a fan of the survival/horror genre, especially of newer titles which, to me at least, rely on appalling amounts of gore, cheap jump-scares, and cliché gameplay mechanics.  This game was an exception, being the only survival/horror I had played for a time.Resident Evil 4 is (broken record warning) a survival/horror game placing you in the shoes of Leon Kennedy, a survivor of Raccoon City, who has been tasked with finding the president’s daughter.  The game emphasizes resource and hit management as ammo and health items are uncommon and rewards exploration which can result in finding more of these items and then some.The game starts you off with some basic items, a handgun, some ammo, and a med kit, and immediately places you in the middle of the action.  Combat must be done quickly and precisely as allowing yourself to be overwhelmed is a quick way to end the game and wasting all your ammo will have you resorting to the knife which is not an easy experience.  Items like weapons and your inventory are upgradable, so you can make your weapons more powerful and your inventory larger.  The game does a nice balance between regular combat and boss fights, where fighting common enemies is where you should conserve ammo and bosses allow you to be more generous in ammo usage.  The story is told in three acts, taking place in threeveryexpansive levels with hidden clues, items, and other treasures.As a game, it does survival/horror very well.  The mechanics like limited ammo and massive damage from enemies create a very real fear of death in the game whether you are facing a horde of Ganados or a boss like Salazar.  This fear is what makes Resident Evil 4 so great, in my opinion.  I cannot tell you how many times I had to put down the controller and take a breather because I had come within inches of having to restart the level.  There are not many games that can do that and do it well.As a port, this game is done well compared to other ports PCs have gotten in the past.  It actually works, for one (No, I am not referring to a specific port here…I don’t know what you are talking about), and provides a few extra options you would expect from a regular PC game.  Graphics options are limited, putting low-end machines at a disadvantage, and the graphics are not as upgraded as you might expect, though they have been cleaned up.  I recommend a controller while playing this game as the keyboard-mouse controls are a bit unusual and a controller provides a much better experience for this game.  To top it off, the game runs at 60 FPS, but there are other framerate options if you have a weaker machine.Resident Evil 4 does well in both respects and still provides great gameplay.  Veteran players will find the game to be as enjoyable now as it was back in the PS2 days, and newcomers can expect a unique survival/horror experience.  Until next time, GG and Good Hunting."
76561198003106148,Recommended,254700,32116742,Posted: 1 June,all,Shoot Gunfinity,"I'm one of the rare that didn't play it back in the time. So after finishing it, I can review it without any pinch of nostalgia.First thing first is that the visual was really great for the Game Cube, its probably one of the best looking game on cube if not the best. Its grey in a good way and you really feel the dread. Will still remember that castle in the far view behind a mask of fog.One of the complaint people have is the tank controls. The only issue I found with it is that its not really smooth and the aim will move by increments, you cant do a full turn with all of the mouse zone. However apart from that, you can take distance then aim, then control the aim, you can also do a 360 flip. You can look around, but dont do that in combat. Dont touch the mouse until you aim, just turn the player where you want to start aiming then aim and you will have a good time.Once you get skilled at it, its hard to really complain, it feels different and different is good. Enemies are also really slow and they get stagger easily. The Devs know you are a tank, so they made all the game slow pace.  What I really hate tho is that there is no way to equip your weapon and grenades by a key, so (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9) serve no purpose. It would be less serious if you dont need to change weapon alot, but you must, mostly near the end.Now, what I fu**ing love is the ideas. Dude what a ride, they really put all of em. You look at the map and you can tell each sections have their own unique sequences to them. And thank god there is lotsa scary sequences and not just action, good scary sequence. The AI and combat is also better than the standard, way better, they didnt stop only at ''shut head to kill faster''. No, in RE4 its more: Shoot head also to stagger then kick, shoot upper leg to make them fall on knee then suplex, shoot lower leg to make them sleep, shoot the explosiv in guy hand to make it explode, shoot environmental hazard...Enemies can wear protection, enemies can dodge, enemies can fall, enemies can open doors, they can leap above things, enemies are varied. All the loss in dynamic and the uncomplex attacks of player is put into the enormous amount of possibilities and hidden gameplay. The lack of player moves is put into a sandbox of small scripted events. The player can for example kick down a ladder to block a path enemies can use. The player can push object to achieve a similar goal. Even the crouch is set at specific trigger zones. Its all the same button. It feels old as a mechanic, but its cool to perform. For that amount of varied moves, you cannot bind them all so they got away with this. Game is easy to start and understand, but the deep is here.Enemies encounters also play at best in multi path level design. You have those closed arenas with one way paths, multi paths, ladders, doors, placed enemies, interactive objects, traps, pickups... Its not a big exterior with random art assets and enemies placement, cat and mouse closed gameplay is the bestest. Events can happen, like you can be on a bridge and enemies will arrive on both side makin you a sandwich target. In RE4 those events can be missed which is awsum and they are also varied.Also the difficulty is dynamic and its not just damage value, it can even change the number of enemies.Its subtle, you dont even know it and this is amazing. To make it best I would have added an option to enable or not dynamic difficulty, but seriously, more games should have this :D"
,Recommended,254700,31963978,Posted: 25 May,all,StarFront22,"If I said I loved this game, that would be an understatement."
76561198098443662,Recommended,254700,17993180,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,LTMarcellus CSOFFER.ME,"Ok, honestly this game is the BEST in the series by far (exept for ashly :3). Like I love this game to the point of replaying this game 17 times total on two platforms. This game gets a fat thumbs up and recommened."
76561198061006099,Recommended,254700,20618906,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ichkio,"My Fab game from reisdent evil games.I'm happy it was given to HD when I play 100's of hours on the ps2 version.When it become HD though I feel that Dark atmosphere is gone and that resident evil feel of survival and horror is pretty gone. It looks like your playing an average third person shooter.You do have the choice to pick HD or not so you can get the feel of what the game used to be so It's not that bad but I Think the atmosphere Is what makes Resident Evil special in background.Becides that. the game is amazing. 3 Main areas Village,Castle and Island (sounds dull but that's the names)One bad part about this game I think Many would agree is Ashley. A whiny, annoying little girl that everytime she's in danger, it sounds like she dropped her milk at school. over half way of the game, Leon on his own and that's the shine of this survival Horror, not a girl piggy backing you."
,Recommended,254700,29398468,Posted: 21 January,all,Howl,"Saddler, you'are small time."
,Recommended,254700,10362194,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ashley.moore0811,"One of the best games ever made. If you're wondering whether or not this particular port is worth buying, check out the play through on my channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgUBxXRY4eZE0gmS5fSMNuQ"
,Recommended,254700,33111739,Posted: 1 July,all,Blitz,"I've beat this game more times than I can count over the past 13 years across three consoles, and it never fails to be fun"
,Recommended,254700,21503734,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Jäger,Resident Evil 4 at the time marked the beginning of a whole new genre.Of its advantages can talk a long time but it should be noted that this time the port is not the same as ten years ago.
,Recommended,254700,30854126,Posted: 31 March,all,Serpanting,"Used to play this game on Ps2. Its a good port to PC, mouse sensitivity is little slow at start but after increase on options its good. Mouse+keyboard controls are great. Quick time events can be fast at start but not imposible,im doing every one flawless. Suffers from slow-mo from time to time,but fixes after entering inventory and exiting.Pros: Great GameplayVariety of enemysGreat selection of guns each with diferent statsGuns can be upgraded for better preformance and each gun has one uniqe upgradeGreat mix of action and survival horrorNew Game+Additional content after when you finish the main storyCons:Ashly............ She dosent spend too much with you but when she is,its worst..."
,Not Recommended,254700,24572381,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Monoxide_Child,"Don't get me wrong, one of the best games in the series, but going from PS2 to PC the controls and everything is unplayable. Jump cuts? good luck, moving around in general, have fun... try to battle in the heat of the moment, just shoot yourself bud. I've beat this game over and over on Playstation and I find it difficult to just get into the village. It is that bad."
,Recommended,254700,20638387,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GLOCKY,Shot a crow and it dropped a hand grenade.10/10 would shoot crows again.
76561197969875942,Recommended,254700,18380273,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Dvine,"Playing this old console classic I'm fighting the awful tank-like controls more than the actual zombies, I'm sure that's just a matter of getting used to.HOWEVER if you are still deciding to get this or not, consider that you cannot strafe at all, left and right turns you around slowly. You will get killed and very frustrated over this.I do think it is a classic, and everybody should have tried it at least once.This is my first hour or so, chapter 1-1https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BA73WyylxD8"
76561198036334154,Recommended,254700,14963054,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,★ EngieBengie,"Good ol' Resident Evil 4, the game that introduced me to this great series and now available on Steam. For the first time ever, you can play this game at 60 fps, which is fantastic. Want to know what esle is fantastic? The fact that this game has all the content from the PS2 and Wii  versions further adding more replayability and gameplay hours. You'd be finding yourself playing these little modes like Mercenary mode and trying to survive the onslaught or you'll be playing the story for the 20th time in a row on higher difficulty. It's important to note, however, that though this game is considered Survival Horror, it is not exactly scary... well, safe for the first encounters with the Regenerators that is. But old school Resident evil fans might not get the scares they look for when playing a Resident Evil game. Regardless, its solid gameplay is more than enough to make this game a great purchase and the amount of content you have access after beating the game increases its value in general. Highly recommend!"
76561198063099169,Recommended,254700,11895847,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,🅽🅸🅿🅿🅻🅴 🅵🅾🅻🅸🅰🅶🅴,"Bit of a let down to be honest.I mean... whilst I'm sure the gameplay is good and the metascore is definitely decent; a port that was promised to live up to the best version, sadly... just doesn't. Keyboard and mouse controls could have been a bit more refined, but they seem to have been implemented in the cheapest, easiest and most convenient way possible and I could say the same with the 'HD' graphics. Everything about this port just seems rushed, budgeted and minimalistic.Still, I do recommend it for people that have never played RE:4, but if you already own any version; save those pennies."
76561198027127980,Recommended,254700,27006236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gentleman Walrus,"Perhaps my favourite game. A bloody fun story, great characters, and nailbiting gameplay. Please play this if you like games."
76561198012275256,Recommended,254700,29047785,Posted: 5 January,all,Count Gumberton,"This is the same game you remember and nothing else. The ""HD textures"" really make no discernable difference, but if you wanted Resident Evil 4 on PC with all the extras, this is the best way to get it. PC controls take a bit to get used to, but I actually found them superior to a controller once I got a handle on them. The game has very few options in terms of graphical quality or really anything else, but runs smooth without any issues most of the time. The only real bug I ever noticed was that for some reason, my FPS dropped significantly when reloading a rifle (but no other weapon). Overall, it's perfectly serviceable and perfectly playable, if a bit short on options and on promises that it's ""the ultimate way to experience the game."""
,Recommended,254700,24156018,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,MTXIbuki,"Simply a masterpiece.Nominated for the ""Test of Time"" award for the Steam Awards.There's a reason people call Resident Evil 4 one of the greatest games of all time, because it really is. Capcom took a big risk by transfering the Resi series to the 3rd person perspective, and my god did it pay off. Limited ammo and supplies, puzzle solving, many horror elements and a overall great story. It's still survival horror, it can still get scary, it's still fun and it's still Resident Evil.Easily deserves a10/10. I'm not over exaggerating, it seriously deserves it. This game is THAT good. I recommend it to every gamer out there that, for whatever reason, hasn't played this game yet."
,Recommended,254700,15450883,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Тяжелая основная,Literally my favorite game ever.
76561198021795727,Recommended,254700,34333447,Posted: 18 August,all,Jelly,"Ah, Resident Evil 4. I grew up playing Resident Evil series so you could say I'm a big RE fan.I still remember the day when I came home from school just to see a DVD case with RE4 picture on it laying down next to my PS2. My dad got it for himself, needless to say I was the one playing it all the time. I immediately fell in love with the game, with it's new fresh look, camera behind a character, quick time events (don't really like quick time events anymore though), and more actiony type. It was a perfect blend of horror/action for me at the time. Sadly the series became more action like and less survival horror which i don't like at all. Capcom tried to get the series back to it's roots with RE6 to at least some extent but it lacked the ""umph"" for me.Can't wait to start playing it again.Edit: I forgot to mention something that I really like. Unlockables, new skins, weapons and modes whenever you finish a game or a mode. No DLC :DBtw... to all low-end pc users, if the game runs in slow motion, switching to 30 FPS fixed it for me."
,Recommended,254700,30962596,Posted: 5 April,all,G.E,So much memories
76561198120917107,Recommended,254700,11542779,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JayMaverick,One of the best games I've ever played and definitely my favorite Resident Evil game.
,Recommended,254700,14491369,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,-F4bio,"A great game that i played so much in the Game Cube version.I dont think that is the best of the Resident Evil series, but is the one that i've most played and liked.The port is amazing, i played with Xbox 360 controller and with Keyboard/Mouse, the control mapping is doing well."
76561198090392164,Recommended,254700,29219982,Posted: 13 January,all,.50Æ Ghost,"Resident Evil 4.I thoroughly enjoyed playing this with mouse and keyboard support, aiming is infinitely easier and more fun (faster and more precise and easier to control), even though I first played this on ps2.Controller support is also there. You can switch between/use both seemlessly, which is always nice in any game (seriously, the more games should implement this, the better).I tend to use the mouse in RE4 now, despite starting on ps2, and even though I use a controller for RE5.Currently only the character models are remastered in HD, but there are very nice HD reskins in the works that are making the entire game look better, improving all the textures by 8-16x and so on.http://www.re4hd.com/Game is optimized well.Despite the long awaited 'being able to move and shoot' in RE6, 4 and 5 remain better games.Mercenaries is a fun arcade mode that adds replay value as well, then you have 'Seperate Ways' and 'Assignment Ada'; short, but extra campaigns.Campaign/professional mode and mercenaries are the meat and potatoes. Unlocking the super weapons is fun and rewarding. After using them for a while you'll want to go back to starting over with more regular weapons for a challenge, or playing mercenaries.A lot of people apparently joke about the story of this one, while it's not without its cliches and perhaps a few laughable moments, it's not bad at all; I've always liked what of a story is there.Great game.Some people complain controlling your character, or, the ""over the shoulder"" aspect is clunky, but you just have to learn and get used to how to do it, once you do, it is much, much less difficult. It's just different than most games control scheme at first. But you should seriously, for the experience and the legend of this gaming history, play through this game. Personally I love it and it creates a great, unique and very memorable atmosphere.Makes RE4 better in more ways than one, so 10/10.* Not recommended for chopper pilots named Mike or police embassy border escorts."
,Recommended,254700,33066178,Posted: 30 June,all,terminatorfuture,This is a MUST play!
,Recommended,254700,26541127,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Subaru Impreza Chan,"Whoever was behind the development of this game is lazy af. Leon's campaign cutscene were all rendered in real time while Ada's campaign were all prerendered and the quality is so bad, I can't forgive by the fact that this game is ULTIMATE HD EDITION. This game is also poorly ported. BUT I still recommend this game for those who is a RE4 fans though."
76561198116978758,Recommended,254700,30457610,Posted: 11 March,all,Xen The Jackal,"In my opinion, the best version of Resident Evil 4 from all the versions I have played. I played the PS3 version years back and couldn't get on with the aiming, found it rather sluggish and using the left stick is a NO NO for me. Using K+M I'm a lot more comfortable with on a game most say is made for a controller which I find very ironic. Compared to the recent 're-release on the PS4 too, this just blows it out of the water. Performance is the most solid, no visual hiccups, controls perfect. Playing this 1920x1080, 60FPS is just amazing for a game that's over a decade long. Leon remains as hot as ever ;)"
76561198169055269,Recommended,254700,27504669,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,danger kelp,some people have beat this game faster then it took me to figure out have to reload.  that is dedication.
76561198050502574,Recommended,254700,11040827,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,World Breaker,Timeless clasic.
76561198072655150,Recommended,254700,29714995,Posted: 5 February,all,LIBIDIB,"As old as this game is, it still holds up remarkably well by today's standard. Still one of the best Resident Evil games of all time. Still keeps me on the edge of my seat as I struggle to conserve my ammo and not die. Looks beautiful in HD. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,254700,34376326,Posted: 20 August,all,UNI,played it on playstation 2 and finished it and now i finished it on pc very good game
,Recommended,254700,29696665,Posted: 4 February,all,Teferi,"One of the first games I played with my old Gamecube, and my first survival-horror game. 12 years since it's release and it still kicks some serious♥♥♥♥♥ A classic, a masterpiece, and a must-play.UN FORASTERO/10"
76561198306039311,Recommended,254700,29650100,Posted: 2 February,all,Cepelinai be bulvių ;),Nice game
76561198152364741,Recommended,254700,35224526,Posted: 26 September,all,sjrekis,"The best port of the best third person shooter ever made.Controls have not aged that well, but the hilarious story, the music, art and action are as good as they were on release. A game one must play before kicking the bucket."
,Recommended,254700,17637128,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Easily the best Resident Evil game. A masterpiece that still holds up extremely well with terrifying enemies, a lengthy campaign and tons of weapons."
,Recommended,254700,35166904,Posted: 23 September,all,Calamity Jones,"A masterpiece of gaming that cannot fail to entertain. This game marked the transition of Resident Evil from survival horror to zombie-themed action, and was enormously sucessful in doing so. The later games never quite captured the charm and magic of this game, which is absolutely the best of the trilogy of action-oriented Resident Evil titles: 4, 5 and 6.Pros:Fantastic, challenging core gameplay. The gameplay is so strong that the bonus Mercenaries Mode (which is nothing more than the game's core combat system) is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Large range of weapons, and game design that gives you reason to utilise all of them.Ridiculous, campy plot and dialogue.Cons:The controls can be a little unreliable at times - for example, the ""instant 180 degree turn"" sometimes doesn't register, leaving you vulnerable.Clunky controls that might annoy some people. I'm certain that this is, however, a deliberate choice - it makes the combat sections intense and enormously fun."
76561198012312326,Recommended,254700,29756103,Posted: 6 February,all,QF | JediLink,"It has its reputation as one of the greatest games ever made for a reason. This is the only version I've ever played so I'm not sure how it compares to the others, but I didn't have any issues with it except for one bugged quicktime event that I needed to use a turbo controller to pass."
76561198066960567,Recommended,254700,35141292,Posted: 22 September,all,patrick-starfish-,"Can't play in 4:3 aspect ratio, graphics are very nice looking but unable to play it properly as play-area is so visibly small."
76561198056186683,Recommended,254700,15875208,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,"The orginal hybrid of action and survival horror. Before RE5 Gears of Warsed everything, removed the humor and traced and retread RE4 (But with fun COOP and excellent tech) you playws as Dude Americana as he ♥♥♥♥s up a place full of blonde hating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s/zombies/ganados (Which totally aren't just zombies that can hold things.) in Europe where everyone speaks broken badly acted Spanish in addition to dropping ammo even though they don't use guns in an attempt to save the Presidents idiot daughter Ashely who dresses like a 5 year old and is one mocha latte away from being a basic you know what. That said seriously the Spanish in this game is RE1 levels of wrong. The games level design is amazing and while not the first it pioneered the over the shoulder perspective. It still holds up and looks great for 04/05 (Especially because it came with lighting and mouse aiming this time unlike the 2007 port by Ubisoft or Source something that was removed from Steam but not forgotten by me).There is a lot more action this time around but Proffesional difficulty will keep this from devolving into a mindless shooter and it will keep you on your toes. It never gets dulls thanks to the well done set peices and changes of scenery. Investing time and ingame money on upgrades for weapons still feel like they are worth your time even after all these years. Not to mention the Merchant is an excellent character and mechanic that never appeared in future titles. I'd buy a game with him in it at a high price!The few issues I have are the later levels feeling a bit ""we gotta finish this game already"" and the dated quick time events which while invented by Shenmue were popularized by RE4. Stuff like running from a boulder in the middle of a small village feels disjointed and isn't particularly fun the first, second or third time let alone whenever I replay it years later. The presidents daughter could be seen as a slight negative but having played it myself I feel that the claims were greatly exaggerated. Shockingly she is less of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥then your armed ""partner"" Sheva in RE5 and she gives you a wider FOV when she's with you making her useful too. Rarely if ever does she get in your way or get captured unless you are REALLY not paying attention. She does get captured in a lot of the cutscenes though you ♥♥♥♥ing cucks.Pick up this game at whatever price it's at because it's worth your time and money.My review of Resident Evil 5 (The product as a whole) can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/21690My review for Resident Evil 6 can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/221040"
,Recommended,254700,24344191,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Smash!,"Resident Evil 4 is the (much beloved) black sheep of the Resident Evil series. While still maintaining the classic tank control scheme from a new perspective, Resi4 takes the prerendered action adventure series and turns it into an arcade action game. While the over the shoulder camera angle and setpiece levels lends itself as a more cinematic adventure, Resi4 is a thoroughly mechanically focused game and uses its tight and limited camera angle to create a claustrophobic survival thriller experience which no other game has managed to successfully replicate, including Capcom's own later efforts. If there is any grand flaw in this game, it's that Capcom explored the gameplay experiences this sort of 3rd person combat could provide so definitively in this one game that ironically it sort of refutes the need for another game to follow up on what this game provided.My only hangup is how mediocre this port is. I was almost ready to give this game the thumbs down because I was struggling to make this port work at all. Resi4 was never optimized to run at 60 fps, and that sadly remains true of this port. I ended up playing the game at 30 fps in order for it to be playable. This might be the only pc game in which anyone would recommend playing at 30 fps over 60, but there are other reasons besides optimization. It's clear that this game was designed to be played at the 30 fps mark, with mechanics, play speed and animation timing all built around a locked 30 fps. This isn't so much a failing of Resi4 or Capcom, but more a testament to how thoroughly this game was built to run for the system it was originally made for. There is nothing wrong with building a game around the limitations of the hardware it was meant for, many classic console games were made for the purposes of playing well on their native console. But it also means that when straight ports such as this one are made that they risk turning off die hard pc fans who refuse to drop below 60. If it's any consolation, this game plays very well at 30, and is one of the few pc games I'd ever play in which I was happy to play at 30 fps. This thumbs up is for how great Resi4 is to this day, despite the quality of this port and not because of it."
,Recommended,254700,20664980,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sackboy123,"Some people say this game ruined the Franchise, I disagree that title goes to RE5 even though RE5 is still a great game in it's own way but anyway onto the review:The Game does take away the Survival Horror routes but I think this was the last true Resident evil game as it still had some classic Resident evil moments which the future Resident evils took away until the Revelation series.Ashley is also a great addition to the game, some people might disagree with me but I loved protecting her not once did she do anything stupid when I played the game, the boss fights are unpredictable as well, you don't know when a Quick time event is going to happen which comes to my last point.The Quick Time events can go die in a hole, they refuse to work properly half the time even though I was clicking the right keys, the main issue happens in Chapter 4-4, the QTE there was just enough to almost make me rage quit but thank god I didn't as the rest of the game is pure amazing.Not only do you have the main game but when you finish the game you also unlock extra content such as playing 5 chapters about what Ada was doing during RE4, a non canon game mode where you play as Ada again retriving 5 Plaga samples, this game mode can be frustrating but is still fun and also The Mercenaries which is where some people spend most of their time but I really don't like The Mercnaries that much in this game it is so much better in RE5 because of the Co-op.Get the game, I really wish I could just play it for the first time again :("
76561198152196838,Recommended,254700,32133683,Posted: 2 June,all,WhatIsMyLife,If you ask me this is the best third person shooter ever made and one of my all time favorite games.
76561198281756135,Recommended,254700,32268570,Posted: 8 June,all,Salt Lord,HELP ME LEON
76561198047523066,Recommended,254700,33145032,Posted: 2 July,all,Optimistic totalbiscuit,A must have game. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,254700,26852541,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fwah Grah,Never gets old
76561198079972744,Recommended,254700,9349346,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,|2K|,Lovein it
76561198152712773,Recommended,254700,21971695,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,joshtwalker99,One of my favorite games of all time. Lot of replay value and good moments. Absolutely worth it.
,Recommended,254700,10719315,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KrazyKringeKing,Great game but the dlc's still have 480p cut scenes and the 60fps a second makes the animations wonky. 8/10
76561198355554822,Recommended,254700,34808444,Posted: 7 September,all,Nameless Dread,"This is up there in the top 10 games of all time, amongst the Ocarina of Time's and the Mario 64's. The pacing is perfect."
,Recommended,254700,9294656,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Agen7orange,"I was almost afraid that this would be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port, but its not!!! REJOICE!Very well done, runs smoothly (at least for me). I heard some other people have some problems with framerate and what not, but I fortunately did not experience this.Everythere you loved about RE4 is back, with full mouse & keyboard support. A++ well done capcom."
,Recommended,254700,9536281,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,michael.,"A great, if not the best, Resident Evil game by far. Buy it right now."
,Recommended,254700,9290535,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ransu,"Has it really been almost ten years since this game came out?  Wow, time flies.Given how many times Capcom has ported this game a Steam release was inevitable.  The game looks gorgeous and runs beautifully at 60fps.  Nothing has changed from the game.  It still has the dynamic difficulty mechanic and everything else you'd expect.  I'm also assuming it comes with the extra content that is on the PS2/Wii versions of the game.  If not, shame on you Capcom.The only downside is the achievement list.  I was hoping for a bigger one.  Sadly, it's the same one that's on the PS3/360 versions.Side note:  The aiming sensitivity seems was higher than it was when I played the GC/PS2 versions."
,Recommended,254700,9289308,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Raukuu,"Looking for a game to become addicted to, especially a fan of New Game+? Look no further! I own the Wii and GC versions of this game, but this version is definitely top tier just due to the fact the textures and frame rate are superior in comparison to both of those. If you don't mind paying $20 to run through this fun action horror romp again, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,254700,9288642,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Boodge,"Resident Evil 4, since its release, has been one of my favorite games of all time. In fact, it is probably tied with Ocarina of Time as my favorite game of all time. I played and beat the original on the gamecube hundreds of times, and I could not miss out on the opportunity to finally play it on my PC. My experience thus far with this port has been nothing short of fantastic. It is the same game I fell in love with a decade ago, but with a few neat bells and whistles to spruce it up. The HD looks good, but can be jarring at first, since I was very accustomed to the gritty looking old graphics. The sharpened look of everything actually may even make things look even faker than they used to, but it never detracts from the experience. The only real annoyance I have had is an inability to fully customize the controls for a gamepad. I have become very set in my ways using a gamecube controller, and some of the button mapping (while making sense) is just not for me. I keep pushing Y to go to my item screen, and keep pressing X to run. It will take a very long time to retrain myself, since the old controls are second nature/habit for me, and I wish I could just map them as I wish and do away with that learning curve. Other than this, the game seems flawless to me. I have encountered no bugs or performance issues, and have been enjoying this playthrough."
,Recommended,254700,20945148,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,neverknowsbest,Go hitla go hitlaMuddy suv muddy suvMATENO10/10
76561198105801702,Recommended,254700,9315930,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,The Truth,This game is so amazing i own seven copys of it now.It maybe nine years old but its still better then 90% of the games released today.The graphics are nothing to brag about but nonetheless this is a must buy game. 9.5/10
,Recommended,254700,9400937,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,T1TAN87,The enhaced graphics makes this game even better
,Recommended,254700,18912336,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CodeName_47,One of the best in the series! Huge improvement on the graphics.
76561198203350436,Recommended,254700,13722867,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Call_Me_Boomerang,"The definitive Resident Evil experience. The perfect blend of terror and action while staying true to its survival horror roots. The Ultimate HD edition provides widescreen support and HD textures and all the content from previous editions, a must buy for resident evil fans and highly recommeded to anyone else!"
,Recommended,254700,9309741,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,OMOcat,There is no reason NOT to own this game if you are a RESI fan. amazing. amazing. amazing.9.5/10
,Recommended,254700,9299248,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,tictac?!,LEON
76561198063717040,Recommended,254700,16042270,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,twitch.tv/1mprovise,"One of the best games ever made and my favourite for sure!!!Spent well above 500 hours on the ps2 version,now bought it on pc and i must say - 60 fps look really nice along with the new hd textures.Capcom did a fine job with this one,worth every penny!10/10"
,Recommended,254700,12782135,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Candy Van,"Hands down one of the greatest survival horror games of all time. A must-play at this point, RE4 even holds its mettle against modern games in its genre.A long involved campaign, plenty of weapons and items to upgrade/use, intense bosses, and a wide variety of enemies keep RE4 a riveting game from beginning to end.In my opinion, the greatest Resident Evil game, and a top 5 in its genre. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,254700,13476475,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Drew,i play this game endand love it so much first time i play in ps2and this is awsome hard to tellgrate story and mystery
,Recommended,254700,9296538,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ACE IRONLUNGS,"This is currently the best version of Resident Evil 4 you can get. With solid mouse control and 60 frames per second, every other version is knocked out of the water.It's really hard to explain further, it's what we've wanted from a Res4 pc port for years, and now we have it.....S'gud."
,Recommended,254700,24492042,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jaxx54,"I absolutely recommend this game to everybody. It has such a great atmosphere and you always feel on edge while playing. There are so many parts of the game that will scare you if you are new to these types of games, however once you encounter them you will remember them forever. The Regenerador is the best example of making the game ten times scarier than it should be since he will be around a corner at random moments. It's been at least five years since I've played this game to it's fullest, unlocking each and every weapon (excluding the Handcannon there is no way in hell I'm doing 5 Star for everything on Mercs mode) and have completed Professional Mode for the first time. As I said before, this is just such a great game and I advise that everyone should at least try this game out."
76561198212970420,Recommended,254700,22158215,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dmsi,"Awesome game that still holds up. The game runs and looks great, and the gamepad support works perfectly like it should. I give this a 10/10"
76561198043038197,Recommended,254700,24787646,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bob Bunk,"TL;DRWhile it's a massive departure from previous Resident Evil games,Resident Evil 4is a great example of survival action done well.  It's not a frightening adventure, instead relying on close quarters action with massive mobs of varying enemy types. Ammo is scarce, health is rarer, but death is plentiful. The controls are strange, the story is campy, and the game is essentially a glorified escort mission, but it always manages to keep things entertaining with its intensity and non-stop progression. This is one of my favorite games of all time.* * *FULL CRITIQUEResident Evil 4is an action-horror-survival game by Capcom. It stars Leon Kennedy, survivor of the Raccoon City crisis and current protectorate of the President's family. Right when he is commissioned, the President's daughter goes missing in Europe. Within the first few minutes he realizes that this is more than a simple abduction. Parasite monsters, giant ogres, and a massive cult operation have wrapped the area up in chaos, and Ashely is right in the middle of it. By whatever means necessary, Leon is expected to save the girl and stop the terrorists from causing further harm.+It's campy as hell. Dialogue is clearly designed based on Hollywood tropes and cliches, leading to an endless amount of one-liners and 'holier-than-thou' villain speeches. Performances are, surprisingly, pretty well done. The actors avoid the grittiness that plagued the next two games and clearly have fun with their work.+It's not a very scary game, but it's still a frantic one. You'll be swarmed often and be forced to sacrifice precious ammunition to slip out of deadly situations. There are plenty of melee moves that are triggered by shooting enemies in certain areas, so there are plenty of strategies you have to use to figure out how to best conserve your weapons. The monsters do have frightening designs, but most of the time you'll be fighting normal minions. There are only a few specific parts in the game that are particularly horrific, and each of them are due to the restricted amount of space you are given to work with. So in tight quarters, this game excels the most. Combat can be a bit wonky in the beginning, but once you learn how to use them effectively it feels very good for the game.+Weapon progression is one of the best aspects of the game. Spending currency gained from tough enemies and hidden treasure allows you to upgrade your weapons or trade them in for other ones. Each weapon is viable in its own way, so it's impossible to make a bad decision. As long as you have a balanced loadout, you can make it through the game. This progression paired with new game plus makes it one of the best games to play more than once. Additionally, playing through the game and its extra modes yields unlockable weapons and outfits.+I know it's an HD remaster, but the graphics have held up. Leon's hair looks better than what most modern day protagonists have to offer, and the animations are still convincingly realistic. It's easier to witness small flaws in cutscenes, but in game it's still very pleasant to look at. It suffers from using very dull colors, but it's hardly a glaring issue. For being over ten years old, it's impressive.+Mercenaries, an arena arcade mode featuring a slew of unique characters, is incredibly fun. Each character has unique attacks, loadouts, and animations. It's something that really didn't need to be included, as there's already plenty to do, but it makes the game hold up even more. The addition of this mode is evidence that a lot of heart was put into the making of the game.-The side operations involving Ada aren't nearly as fun as the campaign. The main campaign overshadows it, and the lack of progression makes it unnecessary to play through again. That and the cutscenes weren't updated in HD. The resolution is awful, and it often takes scenes from the normal game and just replays them. It's nice to have the extra content, but it just wasn't as enjoyable."
,Recommended,254700,22055993,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"This is one of my favorite games of all time and I’m probably really biased because of this. Nevertheless, I just completed the game once again (as well as the last achievement for 100% completion). I don’t know how many times I have, I stopped counting after 20.However, I have played most versions of this game and it’s easy to say that this is the definitive version. It has everything that any remakes had, all the additional modes, the additional costumes and the additional weapons. It also features higher-resolution textures and for the first time ever, somewhat functional keyboard and mouse control. To be completely honest however, this is one of the only shooters that I would much rather play with a controller.It has everything and it looks prettier than ever. Runs at any 16:9 resolution (I played in 2560x1440) and is capped at 60 FPS. It’s kind of a joke that they’re still making money off of this game over 10 years later but I think the 20$ is well worth it. If you already know about this game, that’s about it. If not, keep reading.This game came out 11 years ago as I’m writing this. It was mind-blowing for its time. The only thing that held back its amazing graphics were the low-res textures, which have now been updated. Visually, it aged very well.Games have evolved a lot since then. While at the time the story felt amazing, it feels pretty simple and cheesy today. Most of the dialogues is actually really cheesy. I really don’t mind it however, the game feels very to the point. The story supports the game and not the other way around.You will often see things that do not have an explanation other than convenience and honestly, that’s fine. Some games nowadays are so anal about being realistic that it removes a lot from the game. I do not care that this mysterious merchant seems omnipresent for no reason and that nobody seems to care he’s selling weapons to their enemies, because I want my weapons and upgrades!In that sense, the game has a much more “Arcade” feel than most games of that genre that come out nowadays. I absolutely love the theming in this, the areas are all very distinct and they have completely different enemies and environments.The controls could feel a bit dated however. Keep in mind that this game was released on the Gamecube first and was designed entirely around it. As such, the controls might seem very odd and unconventional. This is due to the fact that the Gamecube controller made use of a single Joystick most of the time, while the other was rarely used. Because of this, both moving and aiming is done with the same Joystick.This might seem annoying at first, but if you are familiar with survival horrors, the restricted vision and movement are often part of what makes it stressful. In this game, your character does not have a steady aim, even when standing still. Shooting while running is out of the question.There are tons of things to collect in this game. However, unlike many games, these are actually useful. Instead of running around gathering feathers that serve literally no purpose, you will be incentivized to look all around for ammo, grenades and health. It never felt like a chore to me, but simply a necessity to survive. Other collectibles are treasures that can be sold for money, which you can then use to purchase new weapons or upgrades for those you already own. This is one of the few games where looking for treasures felt rewarding and useful, instead of being there just for the sake of making the game longer or giving you a trophy for it. You do it for your own benefit and if you don’t it’s your problem.Speaking of weapons and upgrades, a cool thing about this game is that every weapon is good in its own way. Every single weapon as unique special ability and comparable stats to others. In the end, it boils down to what you prefer. You never have to feel like you’ve upgraded your weapon for nothing if you can purchase a new one and you can always sell the ones you have if you want to purchase a new one. It also makes the game very fun to replay as you get to try new weapons.The game is not extremely long but your first playthrough will most likely last you much longer than any subsequent ones. The game can actually be completed very quickly, which in my book, indicates that it is well designed and doesn’t have too many tedious parts. It features a new game + mode which lets you carry over your stuff and have revenge on everyone that scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.AI is relatively simple but surprisingly reactive. You probably already know it’s a zombie game, but in this game, the zombies will walk or run, cover their faces if you aim at them, try to move and dodge, etc. This is more apparent when playing on the Professional difficulty. The headshots also feel, very, very satisfying in this (and eventually terrifying).The added Separate Ways mode adds a cool short (4-5 hours) little story that fits with Leon’s story and “explain” some of the events. I liked how Ada’s examine comments reflected her personality instead of being simple narration. Hers were usually much more witty and sarcastic. The mercenaries is a really cool mini-game where you get to play different characters in a more arcade play style.All in all, I think Resident Evil 4 is a perfect blend of an action third-person shooter and a survival horror game that everyone should play!"
76561197964736911,Recommended,254700,15707381,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Horror,"The Final Verdict: A-Resident Evil 4 barely shows it's age even now. It's still one of the best games you can play, and even more so if you're a zombie fan. It kind of started the trend of the game being even less survival horror. But if you play it again after playing Resident Evils 5 and 6, you will see how much more similar 4 is to the older games.I won't lie, yes I am a zombie fan, but this game is just a classic."
,Recommended,254700,24824471,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,gay dad explosion,you're right hand comes off?
76561198074422396,Recommended,254700,9290925,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Yang Xiao Long,"Help Me, Leon!Leon Help!OMG"
76561197983984085,Recommended,254700,25705398,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Xsane,"I'm so glad I went ahead and purchased this game for PC.Yes, 1900x1200 looks great. However, It looks very much the same. Weird, huh?They've updated the Aiming, where your Aiming is 360 rather than small increments in front of you. Although you still have that as an option in the menu if you prefer the classic control.I would have preferred updated 3rd person - current controls full out as in, the ability to run and shoot. But you get used to it.Very fun, very scary. One of my favorite games of all times .. !"
,Recommended,254700,9535136,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gabriel,"Just as I expected, dope as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198139829249,Recommended,254700,28459870,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Staysick,This has always been my favorite Resident Evil game. I wish I could give more thumbs up.
,Recommended,254700,9293050,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson",Massive improvement over the previous version of RES4 although I feel the enviromental textures and lighting and perhaps the poly count of some of the models could use some improvement. But overall I'm just happy I'm able to play this game again and on my main gaming system too :D as far as the game goes itself... Do I really need to tell you if it's a good game? Comon it's 2014 you should know by now this game is a complete masterpeice.
76561197975673974,Recommended,254700,20224685,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rammie,could easily have done a far better job with the the controls otherwise a fantastic game
76561198101879661,Recommended,254700,9540020,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Big Box Barry,"This is both a really short review and a recommendation for those who are having the slow-motion cutscenes and slow-motion in game problems.The Review: I loved this game when it came out on Gamecube and PS2, and am loving it now that its on PC. By far my favorite Resident Evil game in the franchise. 9.5/10Now, for those who are having the aformentioned problems above, I found a solution for my computer (I will list specs at end of review.)What I think the problem is (at least for my computer) involves the two options for Frames Per Second in this game. My computer couldn't handle the game constantly trying to get itself at 60 FPS, thus causing the ""slow-motion"" effect. What I ended up having to do was turn my frames down to constant 30 FPS instead.  I also lowered the resolution down from 1600x900 to 1280x720. Both of these things can be done in the in game options/video options menu. This fixed slow motion problems and now my game runs just fine.If you continue to have these problems after lowering FPS and the resolutions (try experimenting) then you probably either have to slow of a computer, or something else is wrong.This is just a quick fix guide that happened to work perfectly for me and took like 2 minutes of experimenting to find my ideal setup.Now for my specs: AMD Quad-Core Processor A6-5200AMD Radeon HD 8400 Graphics Card6GB DDR3 MemoryI use Windows 8.1 (sometimes can affect games)Hopefully this helped anyone who was having these ""Slow-Mo"" problems, as I saw many people asking why this was happening in forums and on Steam.PS: Almost forgot, if you want to improve performance, right click on RE4 in your Library go to ""Properties"" then ""Set Launch Options"" then put in this: -high -cpuCount= -noSplash -maxMem=Now for cpuCount, put in how many cores you have for your computer, for example it should look like this: -cpuCount=6if you have a 6 core processor.For -maxMem, put in the number of Mb of ram you have (there's 1024 megabytes in a gigabyte) so if you have 6 gigabytes of ram then it would look like: -maxMem=6144              because 6X1024=6144Mb.So now my first example would look like this with those specs: -high -cpuCount=6 -noSplash -maxMem=6144That's what it should look like when you type it in.As a last note, make sure all of the little dashes ""-"" are in front and there's spacing between each command""-high -cpuCount"" etc.Hopefully this helped those that were having these problems and the last bit helped those that just needed a little bit of help making the game run better. This is NOT a fix all, be all guide, it's just a little bit of help for that extra oomph and for those who were having the ""Slo-Mo"" problem.Cheers,Tiny Box TimPS: My computer is not the highest end as far as computers go (most who view my specs can probably tell), but I can run the game just fine after these changes. Also, apologies for this being kind of an essay.PSS: Also, ignore what Steam says about me not playing this game, it may say around 0.0 or 0.1 hours, but I've played at least 3 hours of the game."
,Recommended,254700,18038634,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Memories4K,"9.5/10Would look up Ashley's skirt with my Semi-Automatic Rifle againThis is a great PC port of Resident Evil 4 and i recommend buying it.60 FPS, updated textures, some new content depending when you first played RE4.Only gripes (very minor, very uncommon, very easy and quick to fix but something to be aware of) that i have are as follows:-A small slowdown in animation when reloading the Semi-Automatic Rifle-Slowdown of entire game when you go from your inventory back to the game too quicklyOther than that, the game is great and i really do recommend it until we get a Resident Evil 4 Remake in 5 years."
,Recommended,254700,14249255,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Banana Panda,"Still holds up pretty well for a game released in 2005, twice in 2007, 2008, and again in 2011."
,Recommended,254700,17655318,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Leevoh,"I've Owned This Game On These ConsolesPS2WiiXbox 360And this port... It's so much better, the 60 fps feels really nice and smooth. The graphics look a little more touched up (THAT WOOD OMG). This is a game I grew up on, and I would always recommend for any newcomer to Resident Evil.10/10"
,Recommended,254700,17038947,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Wickerface,"WARNING VERY LONG REVIEW COMING YOUR WAY!I highly recommend this game because I am a hardcore fan of Capcom and the Resident Evil franchise!I have been playing Resident Evil games since I was 4! My first Resident Evil game I played was Resident Evil 4!I got a GameCube and Resident Evil 4 for Christmas when I was 4! Eversince then I have beaten the game 57 times!I have this game for every game system Playstation 3, Playstation 2, GameCube, Wii, PC, and Xbox360. I have put around a total of 8-10,000 hours into this game in my entire life! This game is by far my most favorite game EVER! I have put this game at the top of the list ever since I got the game! Some of you may be thinking, why would a mom let a 4 year old play this? My mom is a nerd thats why and her favorite game series is Resident Evil! So I was introduced to horror/survival games at a young age! horror/survival games are now my favorite types of games and I am proud because I didn't wanna end up like one of those idiot people who play just CALL OF DUTY and say they're true gamers! NOW I AM GOING TO BE TYPING WHY I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS!* You have to play the game multiple times to figure out where all the jewels and hidden objects are!* Saving and conserving ammo is crucial!* The game gives a scary/thrilling feel to it!* You are Leon! (Leon is BEST Resident Evil Character!)* Your mission is to kill people possesed by a disease controlled by Osmund Sadler!* Protecting Ashley can be annoying at times but it just adds more difficulty to the game!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I DO HAVE TO ADMIT THAT RESIDENT EVIL 4 DID CHANGE the Resident Evil series forever but re4 is still a great game!(I DONT REALLY ENJOY THE NEWER RESIDENT EVIL GAMES AS THEY SLIPPED AWAY FROM THE HORROR :()TO CAPCOM- PLEASE BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FEELING THAT WAS IN RE4 AND EVERY RESIDENT EVIL BEFORE THAT! Your slipping away from horror survival! Come Back!"
,Recommended,254700,9843143,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Ƹ̵̡DRCLƷ Whitest Wolf,"A long and challenging game that provides a lot of action. Although it is an action game sooner than a horror one, it is the calculated kind of action game. You have to think through what you're doing, and luckily the professional difficulty is only unlocked when you pass the game at least once on normal difficulty so you will already know what you will be facing and what you're supposed to be before you choose a dificulty that's actually very challenging.To play this game you needskill and a lot of patience, as well as quick reflexes. The QTEs can sometimes be pretty annoying.The game still has some bugs, but updates are constantly being released and there is even a public beta that gives you the newest patches before they are officially released, and the game looks a lot better than the original.There is a lot of content in this game. It starts out slow, you will probably be wondering how this is a Resident Evil game, but trust me when I say that it gets a lot better later. The enemies you face are completely different later on and the bosses are unique and offer great boss battle experiences.There are a lot of treasures and secrets in each level, and by the time you finish the game you will most likely want to play through it again! The game offers huge replayability! When you finish the game you get a cleared save, which lets you start a new game with the same difficulty as the cleared save's difficulty with your entire inventory from the end of the game, and you even unlock new things you can buy in shops by completing the main game as well as the DLCs. It's also important to note you unlock new costumes, not just for Leon but for other characters as well, and you can choose which to use when you start the game.The downsidefor modern gamers is that it's not a fast-paced kind of shooter. It requires a lot of concentration and sheer willpower to beat some levels and if you never played classic hardcore games before you will probably not like this one either. The aiming feels awkward, your enemies come in large numbers and deal a lot more damage than you do, so you will have to skirmish and play safe a lot in this game. The graphics, although greatly improved when compared to the original, still have that classic look and if you're used to playing games like Crysis or the new Call od Duty games or similar, you will probably not like this game's graphics. It's an excellent game, but you have to have a certain appreciation for old-school titles.It is a difficult game. Maybe not Dark Souls difficulty, but by the time you face some of the end-game enemies, you will probably be praising the Sun with each victory.To sum up, a must-have for fans of classic games and the Resident Evil franchise!"
,Recommended,254700,13592801,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nameless Hero,"I am gonna do a simple pros and cons review for this legendary game.Pros:-1. Gunplay which is extremely responsive and precise. You can even go to new game plus runs where you carry over your old weapons .While this makes the game easy yet it is satisfying to kill that boss which gave you so much trouble previously.2. Movement schemes which to some may seem hindering yet the pacing of the enemies make it viable.3. Separate ways and Assignment ada which are both excellent and show the story from a different perspective.4. The mercenaries. This is truly an amazing mode for RE4. You get to play as Leon,Ada,Hunk,Krauser and Wesker in 5 challenge maps. These give a new flavour to the gameplay and playing as Hunk ,Wesker or Krauser is extremely enjoyable.5.Boss fights. Some of the boss fights in this game are truly epic. The bosses are well balanced and can be taken down by simple handgun or a single shot rocket launcher .6. Weapons. No weapon is bad. The puny handgun you get at the beginning can help you till the end of the game. Even weapons which aren't considered good like mine thrower can be used effectively.7. This game isn't newbie friendly. You will have to give time and even then you will die alot. You'll have to give it time and learn to play.Cons:-1. Quick time events and button mash events are never a good thing.2. The Story is nice but the appearence of Ada as the mysterious lady and the age old cliched dialogues are not sweet on my ears.3. The performance can be a mixed bag for many. The graphics aren't that great and the 30/60fps cap occasionally slows down the game.Overall i'd say it is an amazing game although this port and the previous one leaves a lot to be desired in terms of performance."
,Recommended,254700,13870056,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,๖ۣۜZug Zug,"I am a little bit bias going into this review considering this is an all time favorite to me but I will try my best to be objective for the sake of it being ported to PCSo right off the bat I want to plainly say the game runs fine.  At least for me but everyone's PC is different so some have issues and others do not.  About the so called HD textures, well I hate to pop any bubbles of self gratification but there not impressive nor do they look like that big of an overhaul over the originals Gamecube graphics.   Yet if your like me you could give two poops about that crap because we just wanted to kick some butt!  Now does the game run at 60 FPS.  Yes and no,  I will explain my observation on the subject.  The overall experiece runs at a great 60 fps and looks great. I could feel the quick responsiveness of Leon with those lovely tank controls but...  Some things are naturally going to be buggy considering this bueatiful piece of art was made a long time ago.  Some of the reload Animations are finnicky,  definately the rifle reload.  Everytime I reload my rifle it looks like Leon's whole animation for his weapon and body slows down  but the game is still running at 60 fps. Its like the reload animation is 15 fps and the game is ahead of it,  Its hard to explain  and not game  breaking either just clunky looking.  You can notice little things out of place on enemies because the game was never truly meant to be ran at 60 fps.   Other then that though its fine.Alright so lets get down to what you really want to know should ya buy or nay.  Here's what I say if you love the game and you already have it on a console then I would say nay. Personally I feel this is just for people who want it on PC or perhaps dont have their consoles anymore. Now if you always dreamed of your favorite console game coming to PC like me then a big hell yes for buying it!   Overall it plays great and its relatively cheap.    Like always though think for yourself and draw your own conclusions and have a good day!"
76561198027920225,Not Recommended,254700,28329239,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,GRAY FOX221,"It would be a great game.......if it was playable, First its not hd you have to configure the files and set frame rate to 0 to even play it then if you do get to play your game will then crash at random places such for my game it crash every time the gaint swung a tree...."
76561198038395369,Recommended,254700,32675649,Posted: 23 June,all,JamuraiSnack,wow the pc controls are bad
,Recommended,254700,18477545,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,(PRV)MasterOfProvolone,well... It's Resident evil 4.... I bought this game 5 times... no regrets
76561198094221837,Recommended,254700,32655309,Posted: 22 June,all,Eevee,the best resident evil game in the series in my opinion.High replayability.Good story.Nice pacing
76561198127933301,Recommended,254700,26277556,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Wing Kalas,my laptop can only run this game at 30 FPS so it takes twice as long to do anythingstill my favourite RE IMO 10/10 would use automatic slow time cheat again
,Recommended,254700,12930142,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,d00d3n,"The most impressive thing about RE4, and what the sequels so miserably failed to recreate, was the progression of designed enemy encounters as you go through the game. In many action games before and after RE4, the developers seem to be struggling to find a gameplay loop that is fun for the player. If ""something fun"" is found, the instinct is to repeat the success over the entire game. Many successful action games are designed like this, and the best ones manage to use graphics, story, and positive feedback mechanisms such as collectibles to mask the repetition for the player. Another common strategy to mask repetition is to mix up the successful gameplay loop with scripted sequences that give the impression that gameplay is changing, when you are actually just pressing buttons to progress through interactive cutscenes.On the other end of the spectrum, you have a few game series that are not designed with the described ""repeat success"" mindset. A particularly rare philosophy is when a developer sees a successful gameplay loop as a starting point, and tries to introduce new successful loops through an entire game. The ""moment of fun"" is explored and investigated from every interesting angle, but after that it is time to move on to the next thing. The problem is, developing games according to this philosophy requires really talented people, lots of time and huge piles of money. Nintendo is the the only reliable producer of these type of games, with the 3d Mario series and the Legend of Zelda games.And that brings us to RE4. RE4 was developed with exactly the type of mindset that makes the Mario and Zelda games so unique. It was a revelation to play a third person shooter, or for that matter any type of shooting game, that explored enemy encounters to their fullest potential, but then briskly moved on to the next thing. There was no ""trickery"" to give a fake sense of gameplay progression. There were no ""reskinned"" levels with the same challenges. There was no overabundance of scripted sequences. There was no reliance on story to motivate the player to go through boring gameplay.Instead of this, the game had a string of perfectly tuned enemy encounters, where almost every one brought something new to the table. However, RE4 did not just provide variation from one encounter to the next, but it also unified the encounters with a strong sense of progression, which it arguably did even better than the aforementioned Nintendo games. The increased player agency from finding weapons, pesos and buying upgrades were almost perfectly tuned against the challenge level in RE4, which made it so depressing to play RE5 (or RE6) where they just didn't care due to the impossibility of balancing coop anyway."
,Recommended,254700,34913409,Posted: 12 September,all,Grey,"Amo este juego fue el primer resident evil que jugue en mi ps2 ahora en HD dios es hermoso en verdad vale la pena comprarlo, los logros estan faciles de hacer :D. Se ve muy pero muy genial, las escenas ni que hablar 10/10 ahora esperar Re3 o el 2 en HD :)"
,Recommended,254700,34840678,Posted: 9 September,all,CitySlicker,"Boy, Oh boy. This game, I remember watching my brother play it on the Wii back in 2009, I never thought I would return in 2017 to actually play this game, And do I even have to explain that this game is one of the best games ever made? Yes I do.Very Fun and challenging gameplay with great cutscenes and obviously a great horror aspect (and not that jumpscare♥♥♥♥♥♥The game is also very replayable having a professional difficulty mode to replay the game in it's now even more challenging glorywith a Survival mode (called mercenaries mode) that also gets unlocked once the game is completed.Un forastero!/10"
76561197965481428,Recommended,254700,9381717,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ПƗǤĦŦM₳ɌƐ,"Shinji Makami's last game he made of resident evil, this is a great game a perfect mixture of survival/horror and action, although i am more of a fan of the classics re1-3 becuase there was more tension and survival aspects, this game still is rated close behind them in my book its deffi better then re5-re6.The port doesn't seem that terrible as everyone says, the controls are decent for keyboard and mouse compared to what i hear about it, but also i havent played very long yet though. I really cannot say i like the idea of the controlled enemies by las plagas while its a cool idea in theory i thought the regular zombies produced alot more fear, also the soundtrack is just decent compared to the ones dones in re2 re3. but this is coming from a huge fan of the classic RE games."
76561198093584531,Recommended,254700,25275462,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,-d00d-,"TLDR : BUY IT. HANDS DOWN BEST RE GAME.This is the BEST Resident Evil game made. Hands down.This game changed the way survival horror works today and it still holds the title as one of the best games ever made.For 20$ , you are getting a GREAT game with endless hours of replay ability , and once you beat it the first time , you can go back with your same equipment and play again.It never gets old , especially with the mercenaries endless hordes of monsters."
,Recommended,254700,34667174,Posted: 1 September,all,Phantasm,Resident Evil 4 pathed the way for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ successors however it was the only RE game that balanced action/horror with good pacing and survial aspects- Complete the game- Play seperate ways- Uses Ashley's knight armor- Load up proffessional mode- Profit $$$
76561198120044434,Recommended,254700,13018299,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ovoxo,It's like Bioshock Infinite without the quantum physics
,Recommended,254700,10849638,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,WereKage,WHAT IS THE BEST HANDGUN AND WHY IS IT THE RED9?
76561198159398293,Recommended,254700,12801052,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,huntra1292,more less the same as you remember from 10 years ago. only difference is its now in HD and instead of finding the shot gun in the village they now start you with it by default. if you liked it then get it. if not then dont. i for one will reccomend this game
,Recommended,254700,12072371,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Craven,"Very enjoyable, in my opinion it is the last good Resident Evil game.Fun gameplay, great story.10/10"
76561198258221077,Recommended,254700,34114264,Posted: 8 August,all,JoseLastname,Resident Evil 4 was a great experience and really was tense at a lot of moments. In this game leon actually is very likable in a cheesy cool guy way instead of like in the newer games where he is just GUY WITH GUN and thats it. The game doesnt take itself seriously and is very silly. The gameplay is fun and its incredbily tense when you're limited of movement causing most incounters with many enemies to be intense. Personally was a really fun time.
76561198081078828,Recommended,254700,12722959,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,moonchield,"Amazing Game remastered for everyones graphical needs, 10/10 :))))))"
,Recommended,254700,33325068,Posted: 6 July,all,TheJackyking,"The game is still the same, nothing extra or changed from the original masterpiece. For those who never played Resident Evil 4, this port is a solid option, the only problems are the few missing graphical effects and the extra bugs caused by the 60fps mode.This port, unlike the old 2007 PC port, do have full mouse and keyboard support, although for most people it seems controller is still a better option. I personally much prefer playing this game with mouse and keyboard, guess I'm one of those few aliens on Earth that can play this game better with a keyboard and mouse.Overall, highly recommand to those who never played RE4, but if you own and played RE4 before, there's not much reason to buy this version."
,Recommended,254700,33323367,Posted: 6 July,all,link1987,Probably the best Resident Evil game to date!!!!!!!
,Recommended,254700,34641639,Posted: 31 August,all,El Presidente,"This was my first Resident Evil game that introduced me to this franchise. I spent more time on it than with classic RE games, ""back in the days"".Very little time spent on RE2. Much more on Nemesis.This one was first modern RE game.New and better camera, lack of those annoying door opening cutscenes, good inventory system, some action etc.What i don`t like about it is plot. One of the worst in whole RE franchise. Who da fock is Saddler and Sera. What about this Las Plagas? Did devs cared about plot at all? ""Let`s use popular character from previous game and make something new and unrelated to other games"".I do understand that RC was destroyed and it was time to move on. It feels like a different game.I do like weapon upgrade system and better mercenaries mode.I also love that it has extra campaign from another character perspective.Good combination of playable characters in Mercs mode. Krauser with mutation, Hunk with OP neckbreaker, Wesker with his... i dunno... push move?This game is one of the few that i still have on PS2.Speaking of port.It has PC gamepad and keyboard button promts.It has mouse support, but it`s not very good.It has HD textures, but they bad in reality. Modders did a much better job with textures.It has 60 fps. Not good at all. It`s broken!. The worse part was QTE in mines and lack of compatibility with some mods if you use 60 fps.It has laggs. I can run RE6 without problems on high settings. This game laggs sometimes. Maybe not too much, maybe even not very often, but still laggs. Depends on your PC.Positive review only for the game itself. Port is less than average."
,Recommended,254700,31326049,Posted: 23 April,all,BLR Gamer,Good Game 10/10
,Recommended,254700,15845008,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tomfoolery,"Finally I can use a trainer to keep wearing Leon's jacket through the entire game.10/10, 10/10 best game. Best game every year."
,Recommended,254700,34967603,Posted: 15 September,all,SendNoobs,How did I miss this game 'till now?
,Recommended,254700,9289448,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Big Ben,"A serviceable port. The added ability to finally play RE4 in 60 frames per second is nice, but it breaks a lot of things.Physics react twice as fast, certain particle effects are clearly still running at 30 fps which is jarring, and the incendiary grenade effects last half as long for whatever reason. Basically any game logic tied to the frame rate kind of goes nuts at 60 fps, but so far this seems to only be visual things and nothing like game speed.Graphics are nice, but not really any better than emulating the Wii version on Dolphin at the same resolution with a fan made texture pack. The PC version also seems to have a warm tone to the colors, it's kind of unfitting. The Wii/GCN versions have a cooler, more blueish color temperature and it suits the game much better.Audio quality is also weaker in comparison to the Wii/GCN versions, and the positional audio in the PC version is pretty bad. In the Wii version you could easily tell exactly where an enemy was due to the excellent positional audio, but in the PC version everything sounds muddled and there's no real sense of direction to any of the sound. The overall audio is at least slightly better than the horribly compressed 360/PS3 HD versions.Overall not a really bad port, but not great either. Better than the original Ubisoft PC port, and I'd say it's better than the 360/PS3 HD versions as well. Still doesn't beat emulating the Wii version on Dolphin at 1080p, but even that's not perfect with slowdowns in a few key places and weird audio skipping. Also the achievements are sad, nothing for Mercs, no fun achievements like ""beat the game with only the pistol"", no speed run achievements, etc. Boooooo Capcom."
,Recommended,254700,9289099,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/LoliVape,"How to relive your child hood, so far for me the quick keys are x and c for the quick events. hope that helps, also ammo is vary sparce then i remember so thats a quick heads up, rate it 4/5 also ashley wears white ;}"
,Recommended,254700,16152744,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Xade,It's Resident freaking Evil 4. Buy it now. Duh! :P
,Recommended,254700,16697781,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ringz,"Without a doubt one of the best 4 games from the survival horror genre, I'd suggest this game to anyone who enjoys true terrifying gameplay, quick reaction / decision making and customization of weapons and gear! the inventory system is one of the best ever invented."
76561198056948319,Recommended,254700,26303456,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RE4everMK,"Oh please, just read my freakin name."
76561198083163096,Recommended,254700,12766853,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Alan202,the game is really good the only problem about this game are the controls it took me like 15 minutes to know how to play properly and i died a lot at first but with the time will play better actually this is the first resident evil i play on pc i think thats why it took me a lot to learn the controls.
,Not Recommended,254700,28089803,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Classtoise, PUNCH KING","I can handle the dated tank controls, kind of sloppy aiming, and other problems with a game as old as RE4. I cannot, however, handle the game running like sloppy♥♥♥♥♥on a rig that should be able to run it with a fair amount of ease.Resident Evil 4 is an amazing game, but the PC port is sloppy and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as they come. You'd think Bethesda did the port with how badly it's done. As much as I love this game, I cannot recommend it on PC. If you really want it, buy a Gamecube and play it on that. Or a Wii. Or a PS2. Or...It's been rereleased enough there's no excuse for it to be so terrible."
76561198104163318,Recommended,254700,28536316,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Vrillon,What are you buyin'?
76561198007799026,Recommended,254700,9301493,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jason13,I played this game a thousand times when it first came out on the game qube even got the chainsaw controller which was unreal playing with that. Ive allways loved the Resident Evil games played and finished all of them.now with Resident Evil 4 finally on pc and with Steam Achievements it going to be great.when the very first time Resident Evil 4 comeout on pc it was unplaybel and very crappy.well 10 out of 10 from me again to me this is one of the best games ever made but thats just what I think.
,Recommended,254700,9401125,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Elitesune,"Good remake of one of my all time favorite games, new HD texures and smooth 60fps gameplay, pretty buggy im some parts but im sure that will get fixed....i hope that will get fixed"
76561198043799266,Recommended,254700,23591806,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Modern Android,"I've played the Gamecube version, the Wii version, and now the PC version to absolute completion, and it's still a fantastically fun game to play. It's just the right amount of spooky and grotesque, and also manages to be a fun shooter. I don't think the HD textures are enough of an update to justify the purchase if you have other versions, but if you haven't played it before, its certainly worth picking up. My last note is the controller support is awesome, and it feels better to play this game with an Xbox controller as opposed to the others (Gamecube, Wii, or Mouse & Keyboard)."
76561198127434901,Recommended,254700,23875882,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Black Hat ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"10 out of 10, i've taken spanish for 3 years and I still don't know what they say sometimes. xD"
76561198090284682,Recommended,254700,15832757,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Commander Neru (PC-98),"A pretty good port overall with only tiny gripes but nothing that destroys the immersion at all. However, I did notice one thing.Where the feck are my audio options?"
,Recommended,254700,26272541,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,alexander_,e p i C
,Recommended,254700,26903955,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JTeghius Kittius,"this game has a bunch of glitches.some don't work at 60fps! some only work at 60fps!totally not writing this review for steam sale badge thing.so the plot in a nutshellso this dude goes to save this girl.he's amaerican, he goes to spain.he has guns, stuff happens, you shoot not-zombies.the not zombies were not created by an evil company, but by an evil religious dude.objective: get the girl and get out.you save the girl... maybe? up to you.... you can actually shoot and kill her!...oh right the plot... uh...my right hand comes off.pew pew, jetski, a winner is you!go buy it if you are interested in a game of this genre.also... speedrunning it is fun!if you use the ultimate pro strats you can beat it in under 2 hours.this review should be garbage enough for the badge."
,Recommended,254700,30694596,Posted: 23 March,all,Pels,Can't run this game at 144fpsBut still the greatest game of Resident Evil10/10
,Recommended,254700,9612458,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DirtyMeatSack,"Its Resident Evil 4, you shoot them in the face, kick, knife, repeat."
,Recommended,254700,10682799,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jamazonas,The game taught me all about how spanish zombies go about storing their feces and maggots.10/10 Would search again.
,Recommended,254700,22952268,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,I BONK people!,"Gotta say it is pretty great to play this game again but I can not recommend it for people who run on low end computers/laptops with integrated graphics cards ....Friendly advice if you are experience what is called the slow - mo glitch is to reduce the texture quality, shadows, ect and reduce you video resolution.With that out of the way ....This game is ... for the lack of a better word a unicorn .... everything about the game that looks good on paper some how managed to work here .... now with that said this game isn't for everyone, even on easy this game isn't a pushover if you are performing very well. Every fight will have you constantly thinking on your feet and having you really think about ammo managment ....(which to be fair ammo isn't TOOO sparse if you know what you're doing).  I will say that this isn't completely Dark Souls level of brutal unless you have decided to do a professional(the hardest difficulty for RE 4).There are a ton of unlockables LOADS of replay value to this game and more often than not you might've  missed a few things on subsequent playthroughs, its just one of those types of games which seem quiet rare in todays era where singleplayer games are more often than not fairly short .... only to have a serious focus on multiplayer which is a shame really ...Also well ... for how good this game was this game also marks the Decline in the RE franchise from  survival horror games with Some elements of action to full on action adventure blockbusters that .... faceplant out the door.(However I've heard RE 5 wasn't too bad but 6 and the others suffer from a bloated cast of returning characters and plot ....)Anyways with that all said ... I suggest you take that lockpick kit and keep it with you ....since you're the master of unlocking...har har har."
76561198197028439,Recommended,254700,17399344,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Shimakaze,Its An AWESOME game
,Recommended,254700,26097829,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,aznbeefcake,5/5 Genre defining.
,Recommended,254700,23724588,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hybrid Theory,Pretty cool playing this in 1080 at a ful 60 fps.
76561198239885288,Recommended,254700,31451992,Posted: 29 April,all,Puppie's😺,"It's basically perfection, in the form of horror."
76561197960337918,Recommended,254700,22633358,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Farre,"I never played Resident evil 4 until 2016 so i'm qualified to give an honest review without nostalgia burden on my shoulders. I'm however familiar to the series and played resident evils 1, 2 & 3 on playstation in the 90's.Resident evil 4 is really fun and challenging to play. Constant presure of low suplies makes you think your decisions everytime as there are many ways to deal with your enemies. The pacing of the game is made perfect: new monsters, weapons, characters, areas and bosses apears right when you need one. Never felt bored while playing and that's not something i can say with every AAA-game.The whole game world is weird in pretty much every way. Characters are strange and their actions during cutscnenes are sometimes just ridiculous. Mysterious merchants keep their shops in every empty hole you can find in the area. Village looks poor but every shelf is filled with jewels, gold coins and bars. Leon can jump 20 meters straight down without even hurting a toe (physics doesn't seems to apply in this game) . I'm not saying all this is a bad thing and i laugh all game long.There are four problems with RE 4, none of them are gamebreaking yet all of them are annoying while playing. You can minimaze controls + inventory issues by playing with a controller. Unfortnunetely I don't have one.- Controls are really clunky and slow to respond. The lake scene is almost unplayable with mouse+keyboad as it is really hard to aim the harpoon.- Inventory management is really frustrating as you can't use mouse when moving items on your inventory screen. Managing your inventory space is really important in this game and you are moving items all the time.- Some of the wall and cliff textures looks ugly. Just pure laziness by the developers... all character models are made excelent.- no subtitles during cutscenes. You can find subtitles section in options but it can't be activated for some reason.Despite all the flaws resident evil 4 is entertaining package with hours of fun. Definitely worth checking out even today if you missed this title back in the days like i did.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
,Recommended,254700,9288355,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,LEON35,"Where do I start? Been playing this game as a little kid, got excited when I first got it when I was 10 on the GameCube. Since then, I've played it about 10+ Rounds, and has been my favorite GC game, back when I played on Consoles.  I saw it the first day it was available on Steam, and I didn't think twice about buying it. 9.5/10 Must Have."
,Recommended,254700,9355527,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rockhead Gaz,Man goes on killing spree in rural Spain. Thoroughly enjoyable crime caper.
,Recommended,254700,34830329,Posted: 8 September,all,Clitus 64,"Played this on gamecube way back in the day, n o s t a l i g a. Games lit, buy it"
,Recommended,254700,34803632,Posted: 7 September,all,MWTAHM,this is the best game in the world
,Recommended,254700,15002768,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Desulie,"The ""girl"" I have to protect doesn't dodge and always dies. Useless as ♥♥♥♥ ! just like irl if they aren't in the kitchen desu ~"
76561198141498324,Not Recommended,254700,11055542,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,felicia the goat,"People have been going on about how Resident Evil 4 is one of the best games ever made. On the GameCube this might have been the case, but this port to PC is certainly not. The graphics are what you would expect, but for an HD remodel, it kinda looks the same to be quite honest. The controls are horrid for a keyboard and mouse.  They also kept the static camera, giving a feel of the general game being blocky and unfinished. To add insult to injury there is NO 'additional exclusive content' as advertised in the description. It was good on the GameCube, Waste of $20 on the PC. 4/10.(also some steam achievements do not work)"
76561198021827061,Recommended,254700,16653707,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,"Resident Evil 4 is pretty good, I guess.Leon is the biggest dïck G ever. In Resident Evil 2 he was like an awkward teenager but now he's a badass super dude.Ashley looks like she's 14 but she's equipped with the assets of a 25-year old, that's a pretty good description of Ashley.Everything else in the game is rock solid but then you meet Ashley who is basically an anime girl from one of Liam's waifu games.Luis is some Spanish bàstard who is pretty smooth with the lady people. Though I think he's homosexual.Saddler is the lamest villain ever, his plan is the worst and his name is pretty lame for a Big Boss.Salazar is like 12-years old, even though he's 20. He's like Squeaky-voiced teen.Krauser is like some guy who Leon knew once but you, the player, wouldn't know about him if you hadn't played the worst Resident Evil ever.This game is pretty good, I've probably beaten it like 25 times."
,Recommended,254700,9309229,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,VERY fast doggo,"LEON, HEEEEEEEELP"
,Not Recommended,254700,10887197,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mushroomer25,"FALSE ADVERTISING ALERTIf you have a mobile graphics card, AVOID THIS PORT AT ALL COSTS. The game is horrifically optimized, and cannot run above a stutter on my machine. Note, this is a laptop that can run a majority of modern games at a solid 30-to-60 fps on med-high settings. But for this port of a game from 2004 - I am SOL. I can hopefully push 30 frames per second at the bare-minimum of settings, running like molasses.It is Capcom's duty to inform potiental consumers of potiental incomapitibility between their software and consumer hardware, which they have failed to do in this game's System Requirements section. As I am far from the only user to experience this slowdown (observing the Steam Community page, which highlights many other issues among laptop users), it's unlikely that Capcom is also ignorant to the issue."
76561198040595256,Not Recommended,254700,9413119,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,TrainFood,"Resident Evil 4. One of my favorite games and one of the best games of all time. Perfectly paced, tight controls, brilliant story and excellent characters. Needless to say, when I saw this was coming to steam I preordered it on the spot. I have the game on every other system it's come out on, so why not the computer. I mean what could go wrong, it's just a port to the pc.Well, I would say something major went wrong. They locked the fps at 60.the game runs fine, perfectly even, I'm getting the sixty frames per second as advertised. However the cost of this is that the game runs in bullet time. I get to see every frame of every animation in the game. Unless it decides to stop doing that at random intervals which result in the el gigante puching me in my face and/or smashing me into the ground. To be honest if this was just in the gameplay segments I wouldn't have a problem with it, but it's in the cutscenes. Every signle one of them.This issue may seem to be a minor gripe, however lets take a look at this from the point of view of someone who had never played the game before.They have heard so much about this game and are now finally able to play it since it's on the computer. They buy it and load it up. Now if their copy has the same issue as mine, the first thing they are going to notice is that in the openingcutscene the audio desyncs from the video. ""it's just a glitch."" they say as they continue forward. Once the cutscenes over, they get set adn start heading playing. Only to find that every step takes a second and a half and that the game seems to now be Max Payne having a fever dream. ""could just be the game map loading in."" So the player gets to the first house and gets another desynced cut scene. Than when it finishes the very first enemy starts lumbering over to you in slow motion. You raise you gun and prpare to fire, when the game speeds up and goes at the proper speed. Next thing the first time player knows the villager is upon them and hacking their face off with a scythe. continue this porcess though out the game.Every time the cutscenes desync it reminds you that your playing a game and takes you out of the setting and narrative. No matter how much the games trys to set the mood again, it just doesn't stay. The broken out of sync cutscenes, the enemies playing red light green light, and the in ability to see the world in anything other than bullet time destroys this games power. You are no longer able to connect with the characters or feel for their struggle. You sit terrified that the game will speed up when facing an enemy that can one shot you, and may even find your self having trouble with quick time events where failure means death and possiby watching a cutscene over. I'm looking at you krauser.Overall a very dissapointing port to the pc and I hope that a patch comes out soon to fix this horrific mark on an outstanding game."
76561197984035138,Not Recommended,254700,33258370,Posted: 4 July,all,Quantum Detective,"I played this game on the gamecube and I loved it.+ cool gameplay+ story is somewhat ""Meh"" but the development of the game is very well made+ Nice action game, not really scary+Challenging+ new game + is always the best feature. It ensures replayeability+ nice variety of weapons+Nice variety of Enemies+ Nice variety of Items+Nice variety of scenarios- QTE will make you furious-COntrols are hard to get used to-HD resolution maybe. but textures are horribleI'm having troubleplaying this game: constant crashes and freezing. (yes i already looked for fixes but nothing seems to work for me, and also im getting tired of looking for fixes in stupid ports)Sadly I don't seem to be able to play it on a PC. Constantly crashes. i Just had to reset my PC cause it froze everything. Now its not even installed.Great game if you are able to play it. I would not recommend this PC version because you might have trouble playing it."
,Recommended,254700,27904699,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Beerlicker,nomination review hype!
,Not Recommended,254700,9299548,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Reser-Catloons,capcapom give patch pls つ ◕_◕ ༽つ...... But seriously this game is pretty unplayable; there are wierd delays with audio in the cutscenes and the controlling feels very clunky. As sad as I am to say this about one of my favorite games of all time I would not recommend buying this unless a patch is released.
,Recommended,254700,11129131,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rhyzak x Revy,epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic
,Recommended,254700,9290692,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Genkisan,A great revival of an awesome game.New lighting effects. Enhanced Textures. Extra added details. 3 new post processing effects (B&W and 2 other color effects). Improved controls. Faster loading times. This is what the original RE4 should have been.But it's good to see the devs took their time to make a great revival in the Steam version. I was really surprised to see it wasn't just another re-release with thrown in HD textures.I posted comparison photos between the Steam version and Retail Disc version (modified with HD Textures) for you to see in my Facebook game community here:https://www.facebook.com/gamergenkisanThis is definitely a must have for any Resident Evil fan. :)
76561198051795676,Recommended,254700,9288667,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,perhaps181-*****,"Updating this review to reflect that I have found a solution for my problems, which was that this game was using the Integrated Graphics on my system by default instead of the high-performance graphics card. I was able to fix the slowdown issues by changing the settings in the nvidia control panel as instructed in the forums for this game.Now that that's fixed, this game is a much better version for the PC than the original port. Resident Evil 4 remains perhaps the best entry in the Resident Evil series to date. The controls feel a little clunky compared to newer entries like RE 5 and 6, but that's not really a fault of this updated vrersion.All that said, Capcom still needs to patch this game to be aware of cards that have the dual-mode feature. No other game I have has this problem of needing to manually set it to use the NVidia card instead of the integrated graphics controller."
,Recommended,254700,9286957,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"The story takes place 6 years after the Raccoon City incident where a viral outbreak happened by a company called Umbrella. You are Leon S. Kennedy one of the survivors of the incident. Now hired by the government as an high-ranking officer, he is sent to rescue the kidnapped Daughter of the president, Ashley Graham. While searching you will encounter alot of enemies and uncover an evil plot that could change the face of the world as we know it.The environments in this game are good-rendered and retain a singular ""spooky"" ambiance throughout. The character models are clear and crisp, with minimal faults in animation.The music suits the game, it flows well with the ambiance of each area. Sound effects are well-done also.Resident Evil 4 takes around 10-15 hours to complete. After you have completed the main game you are rewarded with three extra game modes. Separate Ways serves to delve deeper into the plotline of the game, taking you deeper into the story and showing the player that not everything that occurs throughout is coincidental. Assignment Ada plays much like the main game as well. The Mercenaries is a mini game where the player has to kill enemies to earn points before the evacuation chopper arrives in the allotted time.By completing these extra game modes, weapons become available in the main game and Separate Ways, coercing the player into numerous replays in order to obtain all of them.If you do not already own Resident Evil 4, I can highly recommend that you buy it. This game can easily be enjoyed again and again.Sounds 9/10Graphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 10/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Recommended,254700,13625569,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Actual Steve Buscemi,Bought it just to look up Ashley's skirt. Did it. Was satisfied. 11/10
,Recommended,254700,22015300,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Axel!,resident evil will always cater to my deep dark fantasy of minority genocide
76561198069457777,Recommended,254700,9293799,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ThatSmithBloke,Still as awesome as it ever was. Ocassional frame rate issues when large numbers of enemies appear. Definitely worth it if you've never played the game before.
,Recommended,254700,11670122,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,oogieW,Ths game is liek a wuman.It gits ur dik hard.
,Recommended,254700,30570687,Posted: 17 March,all,KALI,Best game ever made.
,Recommended,254700,9411510,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Dispentry,10/10
,Recommended,254700,28551741,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,OldFishPool,"Pretty much an amazing game, overall best in the franchise.Port is apparently bad, but ive had almost no problems, other than some frame drops at later on parts of the game.Story is idiotic, but no one cares except for the die-hard resident evil fans, which i am not, so i personally love the campy, cliche, cheesy action / thriller vibe it gives off.Controls as good as it can on keyboard and mouse, which is the superior control in this scenario.Around a 12 hour campaign with close to an extra 4 hours of bonus content.The merchant is the best character to ever be featured in any form of media ever. That is a fact.Voice acting is....good enough i guess, nothing to write home about.Audio is generally good, might ocasionally have a sound file that sounds like it was recorded on a nokia phone, but most of it has been spit-shined.QTEs suck though, at one point i had to flip my keyboard sideways and act as if i had parkinsons to be able to pass one.Replayability is decent, alternate difficulties sure do make it a slightly different experience, also mods.Cant move while reloading, which is agonizing when fighting against the high value targets.Overall great game, no matter what you do make sure this game is in your library at some point."
,Recommended,254700,9670367,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Zabee :3,Beat this game 6 times on PS2. Enjoying the memories on PC :3P.S. YOU GET STUCK WITH SOME DUMB ♥♥♥♥♥ THAT WILL DIE EASILY.P.S.S. SHE ALSO GETS YOU KILLED A LOT.P.S.S.S. bananas
,Recommended,254700,9595833,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,PlayPrey,"Resident Evil 4 / Biohazard 4 HD edition is great, it is one of the best singleplayer games out there.The controls are difficult with mouse and keyboard, but I quickly got used to it.If you can't stand the PC controls, connect a gamepad and use that instead, you will get the got ol' console controls.[ You can switch between PC controls and gamepad controls at any time, no changing in the options required. ]The story itself is decent, I personally like it.Resident Evil 4 is definatly the best Resident Evil out there, it is better than Resident evil 5 and 6, no doubt about it."
,Recommended,254700,9439595,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Pope of Chilitown,"Resident Evil 4 on Steam is still the same fantastic game it was on the Nintendo Gamecube almost a decade ago, albeit with a couple of technical quirks.This mostly has to deal with the new option to adjust the game's framerate from the previous 30 to a silky 60 frames per second. While this works fine about 90-95% of the time, due to the game originally being coded to run at 30fps, cutscene dialogue will de-sync, some particle effects will disappear early, and most damning, timing for the game's many QTEs (notably the ""mash"" actions) are adjusted significantly. Again, the rest of the game is fine, but if you're looking to sit back and watch the cutscenes, or you're stuck on a QTE sequence, you might be better off leaving that setting alone."
76561198039212827,Recommended,254700,9288965,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SchulzEEEE*|SS|*,I have been waiting for this day for far to long. I can't wait to play this game over and over.
,Recommended,254700,9297066,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kier-Tor,still 5 out of five chainsaws!I love the series and this is by far one of the best to be out on PC!
76561197974049809,Recommended,254700,9298322,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Leon.BackGD,"+ Old but still fun, highly replayable+ 60 FPS in 1080P with refined graphic+ No need to watch these poor quality videos anymore when playing RE4 on PC+ 20 bucks may not be a good deal since it's just a port for an old game, but at least it's not overpriced like Revelation...(Edit:the controlling problem has been solved with a few patches)- Remember how awful the control was in the first few days after Revelation was released on Steam? RE4 UHD is 10 times worse than that! Its mouse/keyboard controlling method is similiar to one from RE5 PC, which was barely known by most of players... You will need some time to adapt the control if you don't have a controller...... And since this controlling method is copyed blindly from Console, it could be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you don't even have experience with controller...."
,Recommended,254700,9496527,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,✪ Æ Cloud9 /Skannys/ ✪,amazing game love it to death
,Recommended,254700,9416543,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,-Dutch-,"OK, first off --- IF YOU'RE USING A MOUSE AND KEYBOARD YOUR GOING TO HAVE A BAD TIME.At first I was disappointed because the pc controls were very poor. Luckily I had a wired xbox 360 controller around and used that. If you use a controller you shouldn't have any problems whatsoever.I Beat this a bunch of times and unlocked everything on the PS2 back in the day. If you never got around to playing the Resident Evil franchise, you should probably pick this one up. This is one of the good ones. It looks pretty good for how old it is, and the plot is solid. For some reason, there are only 12 achievements for this game. As a regular CS GO player, this is quite weak considering CS GO has 167 achievements. Also I forgot how annoying Ashley is when she screams ""LEON!"", and the merchant only has a handful of sayings.Overall it's good. I'll admit that $20 is a bit steep for a 10 year old game, but the price will drop with time.8/10"
,Recommended,254700,9423476,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Easter Werewolf,"So many people have probably already played this, but it is still so good. So tense and challenging, while still being fun. Hilarious and over the top melodrama in the plot, but if you know Resident Evil, you expect that and probably love the silliness of it all. My only gripe is the Quicktime events. I HATE THEM. Not just in this game, but any game. There are some things with the controls that feel super dated, but once you accept that it is part of the challenge, it's not hard to get past it. It is so worth playing again."
,Recommended,254700,9445079,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Skweaver,"This game is about survival from start to finish. It's a legendary adventure, very worthy of your time."
76561198096912837,Recommended,254700,11299805,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,.g.u.n. h.eckler,game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks10/10
,Recommended,254700,25340412,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,asesh,Master piece. This is the best RE game ever but however if you use keyboard then you will have to use keys to turn around. You can't turn around using mouse.
,Recommended,254700,19155101,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,вŁµƹȡą¥84,"Merchant: WHATERYA SELLIN?!?Leon: DEEZ NUTS!Luis: HA! GOTTTIIII!!!!!!!!!!!Ashley: Ewww... pervert...Merchant: Is that all, stranger?Leon: No I wanted to add this cry baby to that list...Merchant: Aaaaahhhh! I'll buy it at a high price!Ashley: LEON!!! NO!!Luis: Ey, it's your call... *backs away*Leon: Deal.Merchant: Hhueeehhehe... thank ya. *grabs Ashley like the zombies*Ashley: LEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOON!!!!!! HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLPPP!!!!!!!! HELP ME LEON!!!!!!(Congratulations, you've found the secret ending! Next round, you can try to rackup a small loan of a million ptas to get Ashley back... huehueheeheue...)(next round)Leon: Sooooooo... about that deal.....Merchant: Ya got 1mil, stanger?Leon: 999,999 :[ that enough?Merchant: Not enough cash, strangerrrr.Leon: *puppy eyes Luis for 1 ptas*Luis: Urrrrrghhhhh... little rough dont u think?Leon: Pfff.... amature....Luis: Adios, Leon! *shoots Leon in the diick, then straight down the throat*Merchant: O___OLuis: Got a smoke?Secret round 02 ending :D in round 03 you play as luis... a wise choice mate...Round 03 - u somehow play as leon again :OLuis: So maybe u have 9 lives.............Leon: Did you forget ur makeup or something?Luis: ffs ur about to have 8 lives... D:<Leon: Wait!Luis: ?Leon: Follow me.Ok I give up im just a goof obv :p and no that aint real lol"
,Recommended,254700,9288675,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The Foundation of Madness,"Resident Evil 4 is a highly classic game, originally released in 2005. Resident Evil 4 has epic boss fights, awesome cutscenes, and that needy girl, Ashley. You play as U.S. Agent Leon Scott Kennedy. You have been sent to Europe to rescue the president's missing daughter. Upon arriving, You see a house and as you approach a peron in the window moves away. You enter the house, and ask the man a few questions. He then preceds to attack you. After you gun him down, A truck starts up and you hear the officers yelling. There are a few more guys outside you have to deal with. This was the very first moments of Resident Evil 4. You want the rest? Buy the game. 19.99 is a really good price."
,Recommended,254700,9289511,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tormentor89,Hands down one of the best games of the Gamecube era.
76561198084930568,Recommended,254700,9290021,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Zombieslayer0825,Ok when i preordered the game it said i would get the concept art book and the soundtrack...are they  digital copies or real copies that they ship to your house? Please clear this up for me.
76561198089834160,Recommended,254700,9287956,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,She is Aroused,"The feeling you get in the gym, the cumming feeling. thats what i get when i play this game. the reality is i♥♥♥♥♥day and night. My life is great"
76561197965051094,Recommended,254700,9288698,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Evil Andru,"While one of my favourite games for Gamecube, I can just barely recommend this game now for one reason, the controls for PC are horribly unresponsive. I feel like I'm turning a boat while walking and running. Recommending for sheer nostalgia value, I'd wait til a sale though."
,Recommended,254700,9290201,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SirMiGhTyBuM,"To me, this is one of the best games of all time. Very intense atmosphere, addictive gameplay, exciting boss fights, a lot of unlockables, and much more! I've already played through the previous PC version 4 times unlocking basically everything several years ago. I can't describe the feeling of getting more and more powerful with each playthough and the fun just grows stronger and stronger. I'm planning to have a few playthoughs of this new high res version. I want to at least unlock Thompson and rocket launcher, infinite ammo, and of course all the custumes.Although the previous PC port sucked and crashed on me every couple of hours, It couldn't stop me playing this amazing game! I managed to complete the Ada adventure, in which you cannot save. What happened was I played half way though, then it crash and I had to restart the adventure. I did this over and over again until I finished the adventure quick enough before it crashed on me again. This is how good the game is - even with crashing I still stuck to the very end.Mercenary mode is good too. Although it's not as good as the Mercenary mode in RE6, it all started from this game. So there is no reason not to give credit to it.This game is woth every cent it asks for. Stop reading reviews and get it NOW!"
76561197986139677,Recommended,254700,26308717,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,XLxLe0NiDaSxVX,"I have lost count of how many playthroughs I have done for this game.... I have played this game on Gamecube, PS2, Xbox 360, and now PC. It never gets old to me. It is a bit sad how a lot of games we have now are nothing like this; most games now are just so incomplete and rely on heavy patching to keep them going. Anyway, this is a must have for hardcore RE fans and just great to have overall in your games library."
76561198046341941,Recommended,254700,9290349,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Vex,Melhor resident evil de todos os tempos agora em HDBest resident evil game ever made now in HD
,Recommended,254700,9288739,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,DiZZyE,"the wait is over, one of the best games of all time!"
,Recommended,254700,9290660,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lightning,"Resident Evil 4Original Release: 2005 (Gamecube)Genre: Third Person Over the Shoulder (Inspiration for other great games with a similar angle), Horror.Game of the Year for Multiple Magazines & Websites in 2005+ Great Graphics (10/10)+ Fluent Controls for Controller AND Keyboard (9.5/10)+ Achievements & Trading Cards (NA)+ Well Developed Story/Gameplay (9/10)+ Very High Replay Value (9/10)Overall Rating: 9.5/10(All games aren't perfect, especially this one, the only complaint is that CAPCOM should have released a BETTER port on PC earlier)I strongly recommend this game to those who haven't played it before AND those who enjoy the series. What's not to love with running at 60 Frames Per Second? Pure HD graphics? Full controller support? This game IS a port that should have been done along while ago. However I'm finally relieved that they released a great port such as this one."
,Recommended,254700,13776275,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xandão,"One of the greatest video games ever made finally gets a (good) PC port.At its core, RE4 is a TPS with an over-the-shoulder view, and usually regarded as the game to introduce and popularize that camera setup. It mostly eschews the old horror trappings of the Resident Evil series for a more uptempo, ""action thriller"" pace, while nonetheless maintaining constant situational tension and classic ""survival"" mechanics such as a fleshed out inventory system and game-long resource and ammunition micromanagement. Spatial awareness and thinking on your feet are highly rewarded, and while deft aiming and accurate shooting can extricate you from sticky situations, you're bound to pay a dear price for being overaggressive or mindless of your approach. Tackling a room in a gung-ho, reactive, ""autopilot"" manner is sure to put even experienced players in some hot water. RE4 is the first mainline RE to be envisioned as a shooter, but it nonetheless still retains a large focus on finesse of movement, which is absolutely required for close-quarters combat and evasion. Melee finishers (usually prompted by the player's shooting of a specific spot of the enemy, such as the head or knee), and the myriad setups this shooting + finisher interplay can uncover present inventive players with endless combat opportunities. Two given RE4 playthroughs can and will vary wildly, and this is a game which will require multiple playthroughs to truly appreciate, understand and master.Highly challenging, packed with tons of content (the Mercenaries unlockable minigame is, in itself, nearly as addictive and compelling as the main game), secrets and esoteric techniques to be learned, RE4 is one of the finest action games ever made - a work of sheer genius whose excellence is, for my money, yet to be surpassed in the TPS genre."
76561197960464562,Recommended,254700,18840228,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KittenousBeast,Shot a crow.  It dropped a flashbang.10/10
,Recommended,254700,9560252,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,shutupnrock8,10/10 would smash
76561198030168092,Recommended,254700,9322428,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,siredward3,"The game is simply amazing. A great port from console. The only problem that I have had so far has been trying to run the game and 60fps, the game nearly becomes unplayable with how slow and laggy it becomes. I fixed this by switching to 30fps. I do not think the game is optimized to run at 60fps at this time. My computer can easily handle newer games at max settings with no problems this game becomes so choppy at the first village swarm level that its nearly unplayable.I still recommand this game and I have hopes that Capcom would re-release the other Resident Evil games for PC as well! I would gladly buy them/ preorder them as soon as they got announced."
76561197961034415,Recommended,254700,9296124,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[LUE] Brunnen-G Warrior,"best game ever got better. higher resolution, higher framerate, higher antiailsing. no forced coop which ruined part 5. great bosses. great weapons. red9 4 life.game is g.o.a.t.Hasta luego!"
,Recommended,254700,9310773,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Я ничего не знаю ✔,Love the new Slow motion tech.
,Recommended,254700,13206780,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,good♥♥♥♥♥classic♥♥♥♥♥game to play on controller
,Recommended,254700,13044404,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,deathdogdinosaur,how could you not still love this timeless horror/action classic?
,Recommended,254700,9306126,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Riotmaker,"One of the greatest games ever made. I first bought it to my gamecube back in 2005. Then my PS2, then my Nintento Wii and now to the PC with HD textures and 60 FPS. The atmosphere and the game mechanics makes it one of my best game experiences of all time. I'm really happy with the PC version. I have non of the problems reported by people, such as missing textures and or slow-mo. It runs perfect and it looks really good. You need a controller to play this, and the control scheme will take some time to learn but once you do, its flawless. You won't be dissapointed, though, this games has it all.Replayed on 4 different systems. A masterpiece!"
76561198068450505,Recommended,254700,9947737,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,BigDaddyDoge,Great game. The HD textures redefines what a Survival/Horror game should be like.
,Recommended,254700,9288116,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Yozakura,"game runs on 60 FPS yeah!! it's excellent. worth for 19.99$ everything turns great no doubt. now hope that all movie cutscenes are working with real-time. and last hope there's ""Shut up Ashley"" option xD"
76561198067328257,Recommended,254700,17389464,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jonathan,"This game is crack, it's pure crack. You'll keep coming back to it over and over. I've owned this on every console but the wii and have put too many but also never enough hours in to this game. I don't need to tell you to buy it, you already own it."
,Recommended,254700,17349581,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,perfect3nemy_ZA,Honestly and truly one of the best games ever!I've owned this for the 4th time!
,Recommended,254700,18307764,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hirohamster,"Pros: It's one of the best games I've ever played.Cons: It's the only game in my Steam Library that is entirely in lower case.4.5/5, would recommend with capitalisation."
76561198018982805,Recommended,254700,18880098,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,eezduzit,Really Good!
76561197968103222,Recommended,254700,17000217,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sharpblue,"One of my favourite games of all time. Redefined survival horror into something I actually wanted to play. Always hated the static camera of the older games. Super atmospheric, interesting characters, creepy enemies, epic bosses and awesome weapons that feel so great to wield.I've had it on the Gamecube, Wii and now PC. Graphically speaking this is the best of the bunch. Otherwise playing on the Wii with the wiimote was the superior experience. It just fit so well. Mouse and keyboard does a decent job though. I've found it better than using a controller at least.All the issues they had at launch seem to be gone now. Game looks great and runs at a solid 60fps.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,254700,9445552,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,[gBgh]  DINGUSDULK ☚,RE4 is the best Resident Evil game period. The HD is a plus. Looks really good. I use a Xbox 360 controller. Feels better than keyboard and mouse.  Buy this game its great.
,Recommended,254700,9299072,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Polliwogz,"It's still the masterpiece that it always has been; now on Steam!This port of Resident Evil 4 is very well done, especially in comparison to the previous PC port that was released in 2007.  Visually, the game looks better than it ever has in its vanilla form. The atmosphere: one of the strongest aspects of the game in my opinion, is still as gripping as it has ever been. The various locations that the player must traverse through are all very memorable, especially the iconic village. Storywise, Resident Evil 4 excels. Every chapter ends in such a fashion that will make you want to keep playing; the pacing is very well done, making it very hard to put this game down. The controls are done very well in this port. Most gamepads work seamlessly with this game, and control in the same familier manner that they have in previous console versions of the game. Unlike the previous PC port, mouse + keyboard is a genuinely viable option here, and is actually my preferred control method despite playing with a gamepad for every previous version of RE4.I could go on and on. In conclusion, this is, in my opinion, the definitive version of Resident Evil 4, and is a must have for all fans of the game itself or the Resident Evil franchise who want the upmost experience this monumental classic can offer."
,Recommended,254700,9312022,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Shirt,"This game was great...on console.  This version really doesn't look any better than it did 10 years ago.  If you feel like purchasing it make sure you have a controller, because aiming with your A W S D keys, is not pleasant.  The story is still epic as all hell, I can't tell you how much of my life I wasted playing this on my Gamecube.  I still remember all of the secrets, and if Capcom had made it a coop game it might be tolerable to play again, but with the controls being mostly terrible and not having the ability to control the character with the mouse is rather infuriating.  However all told, this port is better than the previous one, so..."
76561198010440715,Recommended,254700,16564399,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Hellboy (Fabio),"If you are a true RESIDENT EVIL fan and worship the old classic games of the franchise. I tell you that RESIDENT EVIL 4 was not completely screwed up to this point. This game marks the end of an era in which capcom was still able to make good RE games. And After this title, all the sequels were nothing but recycled garbage. And even that they have improved the gameplay and the graphics a little, no RE game sounds as authentic as this one. Resident Evil 4 has a strong personality that conveys the feeling of all previous games respecting its universe.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Resident Evil foi revolucionário quando surgiu em 1996 como uma franquia de survivor horror no Playstation e Sega Saturn. Com a direção do criador da série Shinji Mikami, os títulos seguintes conseguiram se consolidar no mercado construindo uma personalidade forte no gênero tanto em termos de enredo, como jogabilidade e gráficos excelentes para a época.Quando a fórmula tornou-se no entanto um pouco desgastada, Shinji Mikami lançou Resident Evil 4 que surgiu com a árdua tarefa de renovar o estilo e trazer novas experiências para o gênero. Posso dizer que até aqui o game ainda mantinha muito da personalidade que fez do mesmo um grande sucesso, apesar de embarcar de vez em uma experiência mais ACTION e menos Survivor Horror.A história possui a maioria dos clichês dos blockbusters hollywoodianos e apesar de não ser extraordinária, ainda assim, quando inserida no contexto do game consegue trazer momentos emocionantes e de grande tensão, causando ao final do jogo a sensação de ter assistido a um grande filme de terror clássico americano. Resident Evil 4 mantem grande familiariedade com os lançamentos anteriores, pois muitos dos elementos antigos foram mantidos. Ainda é possivel usar a máquina de escrever para salvar os checkpoints, o baú de guardar itens para administrar munição e outros achados está presente, há ainda os puzzles e a possibilidade de investigar acontecimentos por meio de notas, agendas, fitas cassetes, vídeos e livros espalhados pelo mapa.  Além de tudo, RE4 expande o universo da saga para o enorme mundo 3d com muita qualidade e cuidado. E a maior parte dele se passa em ambientes escuros como mansões, calabouços, cavernas e fazendas afastadas da civilização, aumentando o clima de terror, mantendo os elementos de suspense e fazendo as pazes com os títulos antigos. Apesar da enorme mudança de ambientação e história, o ""Set"" é típico desse universo e consegue alcançar momentos épicos e cativantes a medida que o jogador progride na história.Os controles nesse novo game respondem bem e combinam com o estilo de jogabilidade. Parece que tudo se encaixa perfeitamente ao universo de Resident Evil e mesmo a movimentação do personagem sendo um pouco dura e sem agilidade, contribui para aumentar o nível de pânico e tensão durante os combates. Demora um pouco para conseguir se habituar, mas logo tudo flui intensamente.O jogo foi um divisor de águas no gênero survivor-horror e ação, trazendo consigo mecânicas de game inovadoras, como o campo de visão acima do ombro em terceira pessoa e os famosos ""Quick-events"". Durante a experiência de jogo, há a sensação de que o game não tentou forçar uma nova continuação, história e acontecimentos no universo de Resident Evil a fim de extrair novas continuações sem pé nem cabeça. E é exatamente por isso que o game consegue ser mais autêntico e agrada até mesmo os fans mais hardcore de longa data. Resident Evil 4 tem excelentes gráficos, aúdio de qualidade, bom nível de desafio e muita diversão. Pecando apenas no fato de não haver zumbis e na jogabilidade que com o uso do gamepad torna o game meio duro, pouco fluído e ágil na hora de movimentar o personagem.Sendo assim, RESIDENT EVIL 4 é um excelente título para colecionadores da saga e não deve em nada para outros games de survivor horror já lançados até hoje, tendo gráficos que ainda encantam e uma experiência única entre vários games do gênero, sendo por isso a edição mais premiada de toda a saga.9.5Nota Geral"
76561198049949381,Recommended,254700,23608842,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"Aside from the terrible play control this game has, it falls into the RE franchise quite well.The superficial aspect of the game is good (graphics, sounds, music, etc.).The game mechanics are simple, but what do you expect from a RE game?Right now, the game seems linear, a nice well made corridor to follow that you cannot leave. :/But what kills the game is the awful controls typical of a console game."
,Recommended,254700,12078975,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,"""new ***** name""",controls suck
,Recommended,254700,12083929,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,RichChigga,It's Resident Evil 4 in HD.
76561198064702741,Recommended,254700,10503393,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SweatyMussel,Best Resident Evil game ever made!
76561197993996652,Not Recommended,254700,9965766,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,donny_please,"Does not run well on my PC, for some reason the controlls are slow, he doesnt move quickly enough to make this playable, ive tried messing with the settings but nothing works, I have a high spec PC so it shoud run fine. Gamcube version is the only good version, buy yourslef a gamecube and play this game as it should be played, dont waste you money on this rubbish version!"
76561197986382315,Recommended,254700,30242776,Posted: 28 February,all,Eagle (ﾒ`ﾛ´)︻デ═一,Epic
,Recommended,254700,28435894,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ichigo75,"Bought it on the gamecube, ps2, wii, xbox 360, ps3, and now pc.I have beaten it over 10 times and each time is just as good as the last.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a good action third person shooter with a very small side of survival horror.  This game is great and hasan't aged much at all in the decade plus since its release.I will say though that there are some bugs in the game.  It did crash a few times, and sometimes when I would quit the game, it would not end properly and the screen would go completely black; not even bringing up task manager could bring back the screen.  I would then have to do a complete system reboot.  Not a huge, huge deal, but it is definitely something worth noting.Anyways, buy this game, and experience a masterpiece."
,Recommended,254700,28914061,Posted: 1 January,all,neorist,FOCKEN NOSTALGIA !!!GREAT CHARACTERGREAT PUZZLE9/10 WOULD BRING BACK YOUR CHILDHOOD
,Recommended,254700,28301390,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Crank,no way f a g
,Recommended,254700,9288261,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SkyNET [Philanthrophy],"A classic that EVERY gamer needs to play. Either the Original 2005 GameCube release or any other console or this new release. You MUST play it.It's, without a doubt, a cult classic.Despite the hate from some people, this is BY FAR the BEST version of them all. It has ALL the features from the GameCube version (This includes Shaders/BumpMaping) + All the exclusive PS2 Features + tweaks exclusive to the PC version, like: Higher Resolution, Higer fps Rate, Mouse and Keyboard support (Unlike the 2007 version, which only supported Keyboard or a PAD), better sound quality, faster loading times, cloud saving, an High Definition texture pack and I can go on and on.The controls can be argued as ""awkward"". They are ""tank like"" just like the preivous games. But, you'll eventually get used to them. The game is balanced around them, so, if Capcom changes them, they will have to re-balance the whole game. The idea here is that the player gets to play the original with a ""new face"".With this refresh, the game stills holds up pretty well. You have to remember, it was released in 2005 on a console that was in its EOL.I can't thank Capcom enough for Re-Releasing this game in a format that I can enjoy.I hope you guys release the rest of the Saga: 1, 2 and 3, Code Veronica X and RE 5 Gold. Because you know that people will buy it. I will for sure.Thank you, Capcom.Thank you, Steam user for reading this humble review."
,Recommended,254700,22103179,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,bottomless beep boop,"great game. challenging, with interesting plot and gameplay. graphics still hold up (kinda?) and as a newcomer to the series i can say you don't need to play the older games to understand and enjoy this one."
76561197979781376,Recommended,254700,13803292,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Marhulak^ hellcase.com,Maybe the best game I ever played.
,Recommended,254700,13378900,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BayoBANG,"Good port, solid game, great atmosphere. No regrets!!Keyboard and mouse are actually usable/10"
,Recommended,254700,11501099,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,It's Not Rape If She A Stripper,Better on PS2
76561198152690250,Recommended,254700,21847185,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,JustCobras,This game is MLG
76561198086342682,Recommended,254700,21601276,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Amelie,神げー
76561198088169359,Recommended,254700,21975348,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mezmatize | CSGOGEM.COM,its lit
76561198283447587,Recommended,254700,21944385,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Kyle13531,its good because i said so
,Recommended,254700,29022709,Posted: 4 January,all,"Drunk ""Mister"" Lahey","If you consider yourself a gamer and haven't played this game, then you are just a bad gamer"
,Recommended,254700,23590650,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,The American Pineapple,Capcom will stop at nothing to make RE4 available on every platform
76561198242197914,Recommended,254700,28435017,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jack,Pros- Revolutionary combat- Silly but great story- Fantastic enemy variety- The merchant (hello stranger he he he)Cons- Locked fps- Screen tearing if playing on high refresh rate monitor- Clunky keyboard and mouse controls- Easy bossesI see why this game gets so much praise this is resident evil in its prime if you love a good campy story and fantastic combat definetly give this a buy.
,Recommended,254700,9467593,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Wormac,"Just excellent, live again all the terror of this in HD and 60fps, just awesome."
76561198097069333,Recommended,254700,12265135,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,shoob goob,oh em g this gam is 2 pro it tok me liek 2 hrs to b33t it and i got le chigigo typritr and liek  i am teh b00st speed runr evrr lel. som prats in dis gam wre rely sp0oky and i almost cried becaus ashelys a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fat♥♥♥♥♥hoe who♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥folos yu evrywhere and yes she is so dumb not even letin u see her panties l0lllxdd. i r8 9/8 - LGN lellellelelelelelel
,Recommended,254700,9343010,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,nazee zamby patriarch,"finally, a version of RE4 on a system that I still own. it even has mouse aim! and there's some minor bugs but they didn't prevent me from acing everything across the board."
76561197994591810,Recommended,254700,11228944,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Fallen,"Bloody brilliant game, nice port (I had no problems at all, no crashes etc. , good controlls with mouse and keybord)"
76561198003766346,Recommended,254700,34354512,Posted: 19 August,all,WalkingTaco,"Resident Evil 4 will always have a special place in my heart.-Best inventory management game in existence.-Most replayed game in history.~24 times on the Playstation 2~3 times on the PC.Solid game. Would buy and play again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,254700,9301540,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,boom,"Being someone who's played the ps2 version way back in the early 2000's , i couldnt wait to get my hands on the HD Remake. I was a little worried that the controls wouldnt work out or that they'd be really unusual since im used to the ps2 controller but i gotta say the controls are perfect i think they did everything right with the control scheme. The game itself also looks gorgeous and it's nice to re-live some memories from my earlier years ,  with Resident evil 4. Absolutley recommend to anyone , especially if you've never played the game before. Do yourself a favor and buy this game. not a choice you will regret. 5/5"
,Recommended,254700,26224056,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hericide,Never have I cared about type writers so much untill now.
,Not Recommended,254700,30543073,Posted: 16 March,all,SuperSexyWobbuffet!,Great game If it were optimized for Windows10
,Recommended,254700,34441187,Posted: 23 August,all,ZEKESNAKE,"An old classic 3rd shoulder shooter horror game ever!To be honest tho, i'm glad they stop using QTE system for good. I tell you why QTE is really annoying~Well this game still recommend for few good reason and some head up on 'HD Edition' on what they mess up. I know this version has release long time now but i can't believe they didn't fix one of section of QTE in the game only because the 'HD Edition'. I'm really glad that i didn't waste my money on RE5 because it also have problem at Final part play as Sheva.If you have played this on ps2, no need to explain but if you new here, buy this than RE5. There nothing wrong in RE5 except the QTE. If you bought RE5, prepare for the rage on final part especially playing Sheva.Just like from ps2, it a 3rd shoulder view survival horror game in HD but quite the same graphic as original does. Guns are all amazing depend on what you prefer to use more than other.Anyway, on QTE issue, i don't know how much QTE error at Chapter 5 yet because the HD edition, but be warn that one of the section, Minecart, has a QTE error after successfully press QTE jump off of minecart. How to fix that problem accoding to other is to change FPS option 60fps into 30fps.That explain why i play RE5 on xbox(play long time ago at friend house) wasn't xbox fault because they  FPS...lol..."
,Recommended,254700,34411250,Posted: 22 August,all,$uicideGato$,"gud game, first time playing, wowzers."
,Recommended,254700,9445548,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,That Other Adam,"Resident Evil 4 has been showing its age for some time now, but Capcom has put a solid effort into making the Ultimate HD Edition a must-buy for fans of the genre, as well as those who are itching to return to it or anyone who missed it the first (second, third, fourth, fifth…) time around."
,Recommended,254700,12200423,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Oak SK135,This is the best game ever
76561198184941357,Recommended,254700,28114876,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WantTheSauceGaming,"im enjoying the hell out of this game. ive played other resident evil games like 2 on the N64 and the newer ones that are... ehhhh. some people complain about the tank controls... it totally adds to the scare factor that this game is achieving. nothing is worse than hearing the agro of an enemy to slowly turn and see 5 zombies running at you with knives, to shoot their heads off and only have it get worse. get used to the controls just like what i had to and PLAY THIS GAME. the hype is real on this game. next time there is a sale, this better be the first item in your cart."
76561198105806753,Recommended,254700,9296247,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jrj85vg,"ONE OF THE VERY BEST GAMES OF ALL TIME FINALLY GETS A GOOD (NOT GREAT) PC PORTIf you were already a serious gamer back in the mid-'00s, you probably consider RE4 as one of the most important games of all time. Just like Gears of War, RE4 helped redefine the action-adventure shooter genre; it was a wild 3rd-1st person shooter hybrid with SWEET sniper weapons and, while it wasn't a traditional '90s survival horror game, it featured many elements of previous RE games, and it was a scary, dark game (not as dark as RE2-3 though). Sadly, the original 2007 PC port suffered from average graphics/textures and a total lack of mouse support (making aiming a living hell, yet the game was playable once you LEARNED to aim with the A-W-S-D keys-EPIC!, lol). That means the GameCube / Wii versions were the ultimate ports of RE4...until now...NOW we have this RE4 HD revival, and FINALLY serious PC gamers have the opportunity to play this game with mouse support and good-to-great textures/graphics. BUT BEWARE!, this HD 2014 pc port suffers from two major (or minor, depending on how good your pc is) FLAWS:a) the game is playable, but needs a fix; I can play 2012-2013 games on high-to-ultra settings with no problems, but I HAVE to run RE4 HD without motion blur, anti-aliasing, and I'm forced to use 30 fps (not the 60 fps option), at least I can run it with the HD graphics, LOL!; but gamers with 2010-2011 computers will STRUGGLE to run this game even on low settings and without (!) the HD graphics---EDIT: GAME ALREADY FIXED AND WORKING LIKE A CHARM---b) the gameplay is EXACTLY the same as RE 5, that means you can't walk/run while aiming, and you can't really move with the mouse (too slow-awkward), so you'll have to stick with the A,W,S,D keys for movement. That kinda makes RE4 HD a bit old-school; those who were hoping for a Mass Effect 3/Resident Evil 6-like gameplay will be disappointed....final verdict: 8,5/10 (the original GameCube-Wii game remains a solid-historical 10/10)"
,Recommended,254700,22790674,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Eranoid,"If you want to give Resident Evil a try, this is in my opinion the game you should get: 3rd person shooter, yet still has a bit of the lone horror elements unlike the games after this oneJust make sure to keep those chainsaws at a distance, guh..."
76561198124997555,Recommended,254700,24036970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,A Human,Fun for the whole family.
76561198121214156,Recommended,254700,17879559,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lautric,very good game even though its kind of oldused to play it on ps2recommended :)
76561197997194718,Recommended,254700,13978369,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,cklambo \[T]/,"""Hayat Fiesta!"""
,Recommended,254700,16745803,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Miia 🎃,"My First Time Playing This Game Was This Year, When It Was On Sale For Capcom Weekend A Few Months Ago. Instantly One Of My Favorite Games Of ALL TIME. I Love It So Much. I Have 100%'d The Whole Game, And I Did A Let's Play On It, Definetly Recommended. Love This Game. There Are Some Framerate Issues, As The Game Has Animations And Particle Effects That Aren't Optimized For 60FPS. Hope They Fix Them Soon. Other Than That. One Of The Best Games I Have EVER Played."
,Recommended,254700,17328014,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Bigdad krazy,"this game was not working for me at first but then I figured what my problem was. I had to update my video cards drivers. if any one is woundering I have a amd graphics card. after I updated the drivers, the game ran smooth. Ive played older versions of this game and on different ports. this one is tricky but it works for me. I would recomend this game at a full price. see you around strangers."
,Recommended,254700,17678262,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,HazNut,"Got the game for the first time this year. Definitely one of the best games I've ever played. Well worth the £15 as the campaign lasts around 15 hours and there's lots of extra content. Great atmosphere and music, always keeping you on edge. Doesn't even need 'scary' enemies to keep the tension. Holds up very well considering it came out 10 years ago. Make sure you get the HD texture mod for the village section to make it look even better."
,Recommended,254700,18185772,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pablos De Taco,"OH PISSBALLS THIS IS AMAZING. Just sit there and awe in the amount of cpu you need to play this game. A GOD DAMN LOT!!! But once you have the right computer to play this on OH JEESUS CHRISTICLES THIS IS AMAZING. The story is while quite cliche has got some really good twists and turns. The gameplay is amazing with heart pounding sequences all around. The characters all are really memorable and the bosses OH THE BOSSES are either really fun and a good chalenge (eg Salazar and Saddler) but some are just frustratingly annoying (eg the double el gigante fight and vertigo). the games music is well... AMAZISAURUS REX. After you beat the great story mode you unlock fantastic other gamemodes that even show other sides of the story making for a completionists delight. this game is not only amazing with the epic and action packed sections but also sometimes scary as all hell making you jump out of your chair and scream louder than an airhorn. Anyway I have been a big fan or the resident evil series for a long time and now after replaying this it is definitely the best once.10/10 (seriously buy it, BUY IT WITH MONEY)"
,Not Recommended,254700,26328373,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rat,It's a good game but the slow downs after being in menus/inventory just makes it unplayable
,Recommended,254700,13933636,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lain,Leon didn't even get his♥♥♥♥♥♥wet.
76561198073797260,Recommended,254700,18752872,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Namjoo,"Haven't played since the Nintendo Gamecube...I remember putting countless hours into the game.It was one of my all time favorites on the Nintendo Gamecube...Fast forward to 2015...I purchased the PC version ofit...why?I love RE4...but I don't have a Gamecube now...it broke...so sad.I got lazy to purchase another...I don't even know if they sell those anymore.Anyway, planning on purchasing the whole RE collection on Steam."
76561198093245066,Recommended,254700,32559978,Posted: 19 June,all,Cyclone243,"The best Resident Evil title, a lot of replaybility!"
76561198062812300,Recommended,254700,25990206,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ℐℎℯ Dankest_Sandwich,This game is the best game of all time if you havent played it you better because i'll be really really angry with you grrr
76561198122430019,Recommended,254700,9910372,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,h i t m a n,Cool game!.Very coool!
,Recommended,254700,9292165,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jeremythellama1,"(If you don't want to read here's a video of the review, using this review as thescript.)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZGu5CsZDXw&feature=youtu.beI've always wanted RE4 for PC, especially on steam, and when I saw there would be a HD port of it I got excited.It's at an affordable, perfect price of 19.99 which is a first for capcom.Controls:The Good.Same as the PC port years ago, slight changes however when it comes to some things, and QTE.They work well, and have a few new buttons now.The Bad.The mouse controls from the original PC release were unusable, You HAD to use a controller to do♥♥♥♥♥♥In here, they've fixed it... But added something dumb... -.-If you turn your mouse and aim it'll do a small quick turn. THIS KILLS AIMING SO HARD.I understand Capcom, you're still learning how to do PC stuff, but here's a tip, NO ONE WANTS ANYTHING EXTRA TO THE MOUSE BUT MOVE MOUSE TO AIM.The new QTE is horrible in these controls for one fairly obvious reason.The first QTE you get is the boulder.Spam XMouse 1 + Mouse 2First off, you have to SPAM the X button, so I'm going to move my right hand to the X button, as I'm obviously not left handed, and even if I was, the problem would still exist.I have to move my right hand over to the mouse in 1 second otherwise I'm screwed, NEVER DO THIS AGAIN.How to fix it?Have the buttons be closer to each other.Spam XA + DOther than this, these are minor problems, not nitpicks, minor, problems.~~~~~~~~~~~~The Porting JobResident Evil 4The original PC port was horrible, I was only able to play it with a controller, and there would be very few, but still existant, FPS drops.Other than that it worked okay.Resident Evil 5You can't play this in DX11, You have to play it at DX9 other wise it crashes after 10 minutes. The controls were okay, and the FPS was moderate.It was a bad port because of Live, and because of minor problems.Resident Evil 6Resident Evil 6 proves that Capcom is learning their lesson in a couple of spots, one of them  is a shining example is the porting job.This was a near PERFECT port and really made me like Capcom a little more.The only problems I ever ran into was the saving not working, and having to do additonal work, sometimes even lose all my progress.Resident Evil 4 HDGreat port, so far it's working out with few problems.What's the few problems?No audio option in the options menu.Is this a joke? Or am I not looking hard enough, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing loud and I can't turn down the audio from within the game? Ugh.~~~~~~~~~~~Sound QualityI can never tell the difference between sound quality, so, it's good I guess.And finally~~~~~~~GraphicsI have alot to talk about here.The GoodIt looks like it was made in 2007 rather than 2005 I guess...The BadLooks next to nothing different from the orginal.There's a few texture buffs, and a few ""Upresed"" textures, but that's honestly it.Everything looks the same, now this wouldn't be a problem if the game wasn't called ""HD""The PC port was in 720 which is HD aswell. So it's not the resolution that's making it ""HD.""The only slightly noticable ""HD"" part of this is actually on some weapons, and if I wasn't paying attention to the SD vs HD updates, I wouldn't have even NOTICEDIf any, and I mean ANY ONE says that the game looks higher quality and that justifies HD, nothing in here is in HD in the first place, but.There's already been an HD mod for the original Port years ago.http://www.moddb.com/mods/resident-evil-4-hdWow, no seriously, wow, looking at this again, It shows Capcom's lazieness. This not only gave even HIGHER RES upgrades when compared to the ""HD"" port, but it also gave things a higher polygon count. The pistol has additional work put towards it. This was a FAN project years ago, and looks better than this ""HD"" port, and Capcom is getting PAID for this.No one can seriously stare at me for 10 seconds without laughing after they say: ...What is there to say, RE4HD is not in HD,There exist out of place textures, and floating blood on stuff that's not even from an enemy and was added by developers.http://steamcommunity.com/id/Jeremythellama1/screenshots/?appid=254700&sort=newestfirst&browsefilter=myfiles&view=imagewall#scrollTop=0(If this review is over a year old you might need to scroll down a bit)Final verdict.Considering I never cared about HD and only cared about Vsync and 60 FPS, this was perfect.The game is only 20 dollars (NEVER CHANGE THIS UNLESS TO MAKE IT CHEAPER)The only thing I asked for from this game is: 1080P, 60FPS, and a good port.I got all 3, while the ""HD"" Part is a full on lie and even false advertising due to not even 1 texture being in HD and only slightly upgraded SD, I can safely say you'll get your money's worth. The minor problems I bring up are just that.Minor, which for me at least, means can be ignored, and won't affect much.Final Review9.8/10Reasons:If the game was actual HD, and if the minor problems were fixed, this port would get a 10/10, here's hoping to updates!"
76561198280443800,Not Recommended,254700,31821216,Posted: 18 May,all,jfarleyee,"This game is nostalgic and wonderful, and at its time it was perfect in nearly every way. But the PC version of this game is full of bugs, specifically within inventory managment; The controls are broken. You can't even rotate items in your inventory.Maybe it was just me. I spent an hour trying to figure out how to flip a shotgun so I could fit it in my case. I looked up the controls online, and remapped the keys in game.Nothing.If you value your money and this game as it was, do not buy this. Wait for some sort of patch. Because This is ridiculous. I have an 17 7700k and a 1070ti with 16g of RAM and this game crashed more than an early access game."
76561198080971519,Recommended,254700,31954412,Posted: 25 May,all,TaeKwonDnt,"I remember in the dark ages that I would play this on the Gamecube when I was like 12. It was fun back then and it is still fun now. Controls are a bit antiquated compared to current games, but that adds to some of the game's complexity. I highly recommend using a controller.Combat is still fun, weapons are great....except for the punisher pistol. That thing just kinda sucks. The merchant, to me, is so memorable for some reason.Boss fights are fun, but they can be 1 shot with a rocket launcher, negating some fun. You get one launcher for free and the others cost 30K pesetas. If you manage your funs right, it's fairly easy to get one for every boss fight. However, boss mechanics are fun if you choose to play that way. Some of the mechanics are not obvious, but curiosity can be rewarded....or heavily punished.The game provides a nice challenge even on normal mode. It's fair challenges, too. Difficulty comes in perfect intervals and professional mode is always a good time, but can only be unlocked after beating the game once."
76561198000141117,Recommended,254700,12196554,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Andy,"Resident Evil 4 stands amongst the greatest games of its decade, and perhaps of all time. The game's rock solid gameplay is backed up by a story told in the manner of a deadpan comedy.Just play it."
76561198065190783,Recommended,254700,12478282,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,PiRaTo,a REALY  good game ;) one of the best resident evil games released ;)
,Recommended,254700,12323122,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Slump,LE BLAH BLEH BLOH.  dos cookies dos cookies dos cookies DOS COOKIES DOS COOKIES DOS COOKIES.
,Recommended,254700,12073558,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,vav,"This game is excellent, which I think is known...widely. The port is pretty good too, I was having minor frame rate problems but they vanished swiftly.The controls are actually great for PC and a controller is not needed. Still having a blast even though I've played this game lots of times, over many years."
,Recommended,254700,24939608,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Lilium'✞,Damn you spanish villagers! ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198066265564,Recommended,254700,20546030,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wonkel Brännerved,thirty lice
,Recommended,254700,21416693,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Malignant_Slurpee,"I'm pretty sure this is the only game where you can ask a girl to get in a dumpster and she'll be like: ""Actually, that's a fantastic idea.""LEON!!!/10"
76561198108148685,Recommended,254700,19716766,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,I've lost all control of my life,"This is a great port, and even if you don't like the 60fps lock, you can disable it.the only bad thing is that the audio is horribly out of sync with the cutscenes."
,Recommended,254700,19643617,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,paulo.serpa,"Its a amazing game, RE4 make great changes in RESIDENT universe. The theme is perfect and las plagas brings a new kind of game, without zombies BUT with enemies strong enough. Leon is a protagonist strong and funny with some jokes along the game. The track sound is cool. The suitcase system is better than the old weapon boxes in resident evil.Sure, the game have some problems, The QTE(Quick time events) are very easy, if you press the four buttons at the same time, you just pass, the ultimate boss is the easier one, just keep distance and shoot him. I finish without take one hit from him.I played the separete ways with the beauty Ada, is a plus in history, you gain more hours in game. Congrats CAPCOM."
,Recommended,254700,21309506,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SnowwAxius-Sama,"I truely, LOVED Resident Evil 4 on my Gamecube. So, I got it on PC. It's amazing, although it feels like a really bad console port as the controls are hard to get used to (Gamepad can remedy that) and sometimes fps drops below what I'm used to even on a GAMECUBE. Either way, Resident Evil 4.It has a amazing story, I loved it.It holds a lot of nostalgic value for me, being the first Resident Evil I ever played."
,Recommended,254700,21403057,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Opal,Leon is the funniest protagonist ever and I don't think that's intentional.
,Recommended,254700,24682058,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,100% completed 100% worth your money.
76561198079637278,Recommended,254700,10892273,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,android,here u play as leonordo dicarpo with gun and shoot women and centipede man
,Recommended,254700,9482280,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Tosteto Lightsky,"Resident Evil 4 took the franchise to a different level of survival horror and action. The campaign itself is relatively long and features Leon Scott Kennedy, a fan favorite character from Resident Evil 2. The gameplay itself was a drastic improvement from previous titles in the series, abandoning the fixed camera angles and switching to a 3rd person view. Another feature added into the mix was a grid based inventory system, which sometimes forced the player to make some decisions when it came down to being low on space. Aiming a weapon is easier than ever thanks to laser sights, and becomes more challenging as you progress farther into the story. Ammunition can be scarse during the beginning, but becomes more available later on. Your mission is to rescue the president's daughter from a mysterious group, and survive the nightmare that awaits you. Not only will you need to protect yourself, but also Ashley from the hordes of enemies you will face. Along the way you will collect gold which can be used in exchange for weapons and upgrades that will greatly help you get through the whole story. Resident Evil 4 is by far a masterpiece, and still shines after its original release on the Nintendo Gamecube. If your a fan of survival horror, and have yet to play Resident Evil 4, what are you waiting for? You know what your buying next, and certainly not at a high price, for $19.99, it's a wise chose."
76561198094412270,Not Recommended,254700,26321852,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,howingyui,"pro:1.good story, good mission, challenging side quest2.classic but good themecon:1.rubbish control brought from console platform make you frustration the whole game and can not be rebinded2.escort mission of moron AI ruin 2/3 of the game3.quick zoom makes you dizzycontrol ruin the game, leave you furious only instead of entertainment"
,Not Recommended,254700,26344122,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Willie,"Graphics update, Frames Per Second,  Nostalgia, all there.  It's not as polished as it could be.  Everything you hated and loved about the original is still here except for the Graphics and Frames being improved.  It needs a bit of touching up.  On GameCube it's still my favorite game of all time.  The PS2, Wii, PC, etc etc etc blah blah ports and remasters are okay.  These remasters and HD editions need to stop if they're not up to par."
76561198072369923,Recommended,254700,34903399,Posted: 12 September,all,Death to U Wira Thu,"Game time : 15-25hStory : 5/10(Horror)Atmosphere: 9/10Gameplay : First 20 minutes 1/10, after you get used to it : 7/10Fun: 10/10Although a lot of Resident Evil fans hate this game, because it contains infected humans rather than zombies, i personally enjoyed this game. The gameplay is like the old RE, that means very ""bad"" camera and perspectiv controll, but to be honest, that is what the RE-Genre made so scary to play. If you are open for new enemies but the same gameplay/story and love RE or generally Zombie/Horror games, then you have to play this. You get this game for a few $$$ on nearly every Steam sale."
76561197982962419,Recommended,254700,34347386,Posted: 19 August,all,Hard As A Rock,"buy it, play it, complete it, play it againgood game"
,Recommended,254700,27770763,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Neko 【≽ܫ≼】,"Best game. Definitely deserves the ""Test of Time"" award. A good classic."
,Recommended,254700,10842393,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],"Resident evil 4 is one of those games that I have fond memories of playing when I was younger. In my opinion, this is the best out of all the Resident Evil games. Maybe it's the nostalgia, but I just can't stop playing it.The first thing you need to realise, is that this game uses a 'tank' control scheme. What I mean by this is that you cant move while aiming your gun. You cannot side-strafe like in the 5th and 6th games, making it very awkward to play without a controller. That being said, the controls are as good as they can be on a keyboard and mouse, but I would still recommend using a gamepad.  I think these controls actual help the gameplay in several ways. First off, the game is in third person view, which obscures a lot of your view to begin with. Second, not being able to move or see at wide angles really helps the atmosphere. It makes you feel anxious in battles, especially when you know something is creeping up behind you.The gameplay is challenging and fun, but it may seem a bit repetitive at times. You will battle many bosses throughout the game, but they will all have a different style to them. Some bosses will have you running around enclosed spaces, trying to avoid their attacks, while some others will have a mostly stationary boss that sends in minions and hits you with powerful slow attacks. There are many weapons you can unlock and buy, including a rocket launcher (which can be used to cheat through some of the harder bosses.) The inventory system is one of my favorites in any game. You have to fit all of your guns, ammo, grenades, rocket launchers, and herbs into one tiny briefcase by roatating and organzing each and every item. Just picking up items is a puzzle!The graphics are nothing to write home about, and this particular port has bunch of framerate problems, but it isn't anything I would regret paying for. In the end, I would recommend this game over any other Resident evil game.And as a side note, the games' title is all lowercase letters in your steam library. This is a minor flaw, but when you have over 500 games like me, having only ONE lowercase steam title is irritating. Unfortunately, no amount of ♥♥♥♥♥ing will get this fixed, as it is a copyright problem."
76561198173425417,Recommended,254700,29754877,Posted: 6 February,all,Kim Jong Skill,"UN FORASTERO!!!In all seriousness RE4 was the last good RE game. 5,6, suck and 7 is outlast+pt but with RE elements."
,Recommended,254700,22786942,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,potato_fishy,"Largely an excellent port of the later editions of RE4, which does mean the Ada Wong missions are included.My biggest gripe is with those missions though. For some reason the cutscenes for Separate Ways are not HD and it is incredibly jarring. All other cutscenes in the main game as well as the cutscenese from the non-canon Ada Wong mission ""Assignment Ada"" are HD, so I just don't understand why they weren't re-rendedred.Setting that aside though, the main game of RE4 has been brilliant for over 10 years and still is."
76561198028905206,Recommended,254700,35168367,Posted: 23 September,all,TonyDanzaHotPocket,"""WHADDAYA BUYIN?!?!?""This game. 10/10, would be scared by a dude in an oven again. Stay crispy, my friends."
,Recommended,254700,10317154,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ThePaleWolf,"I would recommend this game if it was still the 30fps and gamecube graphics.There is a reason it has been ported to almost every system ever made.about 16+ hours for the first playthrough then so much more for all the extras.Every character in this game is likeable and unique.Alot of people see this game as the start to Resident Evil's Downfall but even they still acknowledge it is a great game.They did promise that we would be able to switch to ""HD"" or ""Original"" graphics ingame and that we would be able to switch from 30fps to 60fps in game and also the subtitles are only for other languages(You can switch them only from the main menu) and the special graphics option was also a disapointment beacuse it was just a color filter. They also say that only the Sepreate ways cutsecenes are not in HD(Another disappointment) however a few short cutscenes in the main game do not look HD. When they said there would be leaderboards  I thought it would be for mercenaries like many others, however it is only just for speed run times on the main game and other modes.If you have never played the game before now is a great time."
,Recommended,254700,9303354,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,UberNoodle,"A solid and quality rerelease of a classic action adventure game for current systems. If you like to play classic games, warts and all, and with all the old gameplay mechanics and controls intact, then this game is for you. Take a trip down memory lane by playing one of the greatest games ever made.PROS:* Just like the original Gamecube/Wii editions but enhanced (subtly)* Not the absolutely terrible SourceNEXT port of the Ps2 version* A port of the Xbox 360 'HD' version of the game* Xbox 360 gamepad integration and three control profiles* Three post processing effect profiles to try out* Original textures improved for clarity and compression but ... (see below)CONS:* Still missing the same Nintendo hardware specific 'tricks' which provided a few subtle texture effects* No overhauls of the controls for keyboard and mouse players* Still the same control system, which may bother some people* Textures are almost all still the same source as the original* Some systems will experience slow down due to the way in which the engine is forced to time itself"
,Recommended,254700,34378240,Posted: 20 August,all,is.hz,Classic
,Recommended,254700,34365834,Posted: 19 August,all,6 God,fun on the gamecube
,Recommended,254700,35231529,Posted: 26 September,all,PacoTaco03,CONTROLS. MY A$$.But I love the game goddammit
,Not Recommended,254700,34484327,Posted: 25 August,all,SonOfStainless [GB],"Too many bugs currently, fix one thing and something else pops up; it's either slow motion or stuttering audio. Considering it's happening to many people as well, it's just not acceptable to take a game and then make it worse for people. And those saying that it's all okay because it's a port, while that may be true there was already a Resident Evil 4 released on PC back in 2007; it looked basically as good and ran absolutely fine.I'm not just complaining and hating, I do love this game and the idea of a 'HD' remaster but it's still not very 'HD'. A few textures have been sharpened and cleaned up but that's about it; slap on some post-processing effects and some terrible motion blur and colour filters and it's apparently 'HD'. It's so terrible infact that it's made pointless.Solution:Buy/Download 2007 PC release of RE4 and use a fan-made HD mod which looks better than this current release anyhow; it'll look and run better.Edit: Is tolerable with much tinkering, but still can't bring myself to recommend this game in it's current state unfortunately."
,Recommended,254700,26281043,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ABXY,This is easily the best game ever madeI have finished it multiple times on different systemsIn Shinji Mikami we trust!
,Recommended,254700,26282876,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Matt,an old amazing game back to life
,Recommended,254700,32888992,Posted: 27 June,all,Sarkest,Still fun to play and also one of my favorite resident evil game!
76561198154995852,Recommended,254700,32954413,Posted: 28 June,all,Wraith,"I've played 2 resident evil games ever. This one on PS2 and the original RE on PC. Of all the RE games made, this is one of the games they did RIGHT!, so I bought it again on Steam. Great characters, great story, great gameplay....it's just so good. Inventory management system works, varying weapons and you actually need to manage your ammo..who would of fkin thought. More content even unlocks when you beat the game, what more could you want. One of the best RE games ever. RE5 and 6 are this games ♥♥♥♥♥es.10/10  Merchant is stil #1 MVP"
76561198040538972,Recommended,254700,34670552,Posted: 1 September,all,karhu,RE4 is basically Capcom's version of MGS 3 without the 5 minutes long ladder scene.
76561198079901523,Recommended,254700,30184111,Posted: 25 February,all,Philly Cheese Steak,"Its very fun, it has amazing graphics its even better from the old PS2 version"
,Recommended,254700,29473860,Posted: 24 January,all,BananaSplitz,"If you like the Survival Horror genre, this is a must have."
76561198189428717,Recommended,254700,29495978,Posted: 25 January,all,Ace,When RE was still scary. 10/10
76561198030115741,Recommended,254700,35322299,Posted: 29 September,all,Spooky,It's alright.
,Recommended,254700,34437974,Posted: 23 August,all,rizki.risk,Arguably the crowning jewel of innovation in the history of contemporary video games.
,Recommended,254700,9366449,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Goatastic,"I have beaten this game 14 times now, and every time I find something that I didn't know about before. Having the extra features from both the gamecube and PS2 versions in one game with updated graphics is like christmas all over again.I recommend very much. :D"
76561198117963897,Recommended,254700,22718189,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BigBlackDingus,"10/10 Highly recommended!I've purchased this game a total of 7 times across 5 different platforms(GameCube, PS2, Xbox360, Wii and PC).This game is amazing. I first played it back in 2005 on my brother's GameCube and I was hooked forever(even though I was stuck at the same part up until 2006).The primary reason this game get's a 10/10 from me is because it's a nostalga trip through and through.It is, without a doubt, my favorite game of all time. Nothing beats it.⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺Pros:+ Graphics have aged amazingly+ A near perfect inventory system(personal opinion)+ A lot of fun little puzzles+ Scary enemy introductions+ Lovable characters(that's including enemies)+ Cheesy story, but in a good way+ The Merchant(Buy weapons, health sprays, maps, armor, larger inventory cases, etc.)+ Stylish costumes(Especially the ""Special 2"" costume)+ The files, letters and notes are all good reads that explain everything going on in the game.+ Beautiful soundtrack(that I still listen to)+ Main campaign, Separate Ways(second campaign), Assignment Ada, Mercenaries.Pro/Con(some people will like, others will hate)(compared to the previous titles):+/- Over the shoulder camera instead of fixed camera+/- More action based+/- The game that changed the series+/- Unlimited saving(still uses a typewriter though)+/- The Merchant SystemCons:- Not nearly as scary as previous RE titles⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺*What you need to know about the controls*YOU NEED A CONTROLLER.Don't expect to enjoy this 2005 game with mouse & keyboard.First things first, this game uses tank controls:Up and down on the left analog stick(or 🠙, 🠛 on keyboard) moves your character forwards and backwards.Left and right on the left analog stick(or 🠘, 🠚 on keyboard) turns your character left and right.This game was originally made for the GameCube. Anyone who has ever used a GameCube controller knows the right analog stick was a tiny little knob that was difficult to use. Therefore, RE4 is best played when ignoring the right analog stick altogether.The right analog stick only moves the camera(not your character) for as long as you have it held in a direction. Meaning once you release the analog stick your camera will just rubberband back into place.⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺*UPDATE*After playing this game for a while I've ran into a few problems that I'd like to list below:1. Some A-series AMD CPUs aren't able run this game at all so make sure your PC meets minimum requirements.I suggest an A10-series AMD CPU minimum.If you are greeted with black screen when trying to play, chances are it's your CPU.2. There is a serious game-ruining bug in this game that causes your fps to drop anywhere from 10-20fps. On top of that it causes a slow motion effect that makes the game unplayable.*Do NOT do anything someone says in a Youtube video to fix this issue. Most of the videos claiming to fix this bug are scams that just break the game further.The only way I know to fix this is to open up whatever software your GPU runs with(ex. AMD has AMD Radeon settings). Find an option that allows you to force graphical settings onto certain games and make sure the target framerate is 60fps."
,Recommended,254700,33758602,Posted: 23 July,all,Crimson,"Hands down the greatest game I have ever played, and I have not had a single issue with the steam port of this game. 10/10 for sure."
,Recommended,254700,22414074,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tillburg,"It's been a minute since I've played this on the Gamecube. So how is it?.............................................+ gameplay is pretty tight. Sometimes I wish I could move the camera faster or turn faster, but aside from that it feels great to this day.+ This game works its tones well. On one side the cheesy dialogue and whacky characters are super fun like Salazar skimpering out of the spike room and on the other we have tense, eerie moments like being hunted by Verdugo.+ music is varied and lets me drink in each environment.+ good amount of challenge in this. You can't move and shoot, so taking careful aim and thinking about how to out pace the enemy is key.+ checkpoints are pretty generous. Save opportunites come often, but they still place checkpoints at the beginning of most rooms in case you goof..............................................~ for the most part the port is good. HD graphics are nice and this package gives you a lot of extra content; however, I did encounter a few odd hiccups. Notably the infamous minecart QTE  section that I had trouble passing because the graphics were set to fixed 60 fps. A more unfortunate one was a hard crash after a lengthy section of trenches and a helicopter..............................................- I'm always going to dock this for changing the direction of the game to action horror from survival horror. Don't get me wrong I love this game, but this could EASILY have not been a Resident Evil game and just swapped out Leon and Ada.- There are lots of things this game brought to the industry, but I can't remember QTEs being as popular after the release of RE4. QTEs can be fine, but instakill QTEs are just frustrating. Make QTEs like stairs: step correctly and keep going. Step incorrectly and slip a bit, not break your head open at the bottom of the stairwell..............................................Don't choose a side. Lots of people like to be on one side of the fence when it comes to RE games, but dare to stand in both. I personally love the survival horror ones, but these are still fun and worth your time."
,Recommended,254700,35021662,Posted: 17 September,all,Roos,"Originally played on the GameCube and it is still a great game, I used the 360 controller and tbh it felt a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but I did get used to it.Had fun.12 hours for me to complete.I recommend this game highly."
,Not Recommended,254700,34549096,Posted: 28 August,all,RJDC,Please fix the game crashes.
,Recommended,254700,10569284,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KamiX,"I love Resident Evil 4, i have completed the game like 12 times now. It never gets old or boring to me. 10000/10."
,Recommended,254700,10736426,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bob Ross,You get chased by a gigantic statue of a midget.
,Not Recommended,254700,18554351,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,HPmcDoogle,"While it was a great opportunity to jump back in time and play this wonderful game, the incessant problem with crash-to-dekstop are sucking all the fun out of playing the game. There NEEDs to be some sort of fix to this, it's currently unplayable for the time being, the game itself plays very smooth even on max graphics settings, but crashing every 5 to 10 minutes is driving me absolutely insane."
,Not Recommended,254700,28545882,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,1v0r,Game is completely broken. Everything ran in slow motion despite my computer's specs far exceeding the recommend ones.
,Not Recommended,254700,23801967,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kariix7,"Before you buy this game be sure your PC can be configured to 60hz, because the game won't open on my PC (65hz) and I can't change it :/I love the game but it's bull**** that Capcom doesn't fix this kind of issues :/Well, now I'm going to cry in the corner..."
76561198046088092,Not Recommended,254700,18833934,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rynjin,"Audio-desynch issues in cutscenes were unbearable, and none of the supposed fixes helped a whit. Avoid like the plague, at least on PC."
76561198076897083,Recommended,254700,12383517,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dark Knight,Best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,254700,9286037,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,GaZ WanTeD,Just buy it. Ok!
76561198068440057,Not Recommended,254700,24107785,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BITES THE DUST,"This game is great. It's WONDERFUL even. Just not on PC. It's bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥ has a capped framerate, and crashes frequently. For me, it crashes every 15 minutes on the dot, and I can't find any way to fix it. $20 wasted on a terrible port of an awesome game.Go pick this up on any other platform, if you have the chance."
76561198053482220,Not Recommended,254700,9504874,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,O.M.E.G.A,BUY THIS GAME IF YOUR A FAN OF CAPCOM AND THAT YOU JUST WANT TO SUPPORT ITCUZ THIS IS THE WORST RE4 IVE EVER SEEN !FIRST OFF DESYNCORNIZED VOICE AND VIDEOWHICH WILL MAKE THE QTE IMPOSSIBLE TO DO ON PRO DIFFICULTYSECOND IS THE CONTROLS(MAINLY MOUSE) WHICH AGAIN CANNOT REGISTER SMALL MOUSE MOVMENTS AND WILL MAKE IT REAL DAMN HARD TO ESCAPE WHEN GRABED !ALL AND ALL:THIS IS WORST THAN RE6 !
76561198123096943,Not Recommended,254700,9303775,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,mcbride-a,i just downloaded the game and right when i got into gameplay its running crappy and slow. i have an alienware 14 and i run re6 in perfectly clear hd why isnt this working help!!
,Not Recommended,254700,16558286,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SONG,"This game has badly ported to PC(SUCK Mouse aiming,slow motion)No English subtitle after being released a year....(just a easy patch can add sub)I dont think capcom really want to sell RE4 on STEAM........"
,Not Recommended,254700,11022804,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zetsubou_Theam,Don't buy & don't play it if you're playing with keyboard and mouse. Not well ported.
76561198095306584,Not Recommended,254700,33961029,Posted: 1 August,all,PenisSlayer,"I owned this game for Wii, Gamecube, PS3, and PS4 before deciding to get it for the PC. This game is always a fun time for me and is always a blast to replay. However, the PC port was poorly executed. I tried it first with a keyboard and mouse, and the aiming felt weird no matter how much I adjusted the sensitivity. But it was even worse with a controller, at least a PS4 one. Apparently the game wasn't ported with one in mind, so the buttons are all weird like triangle to shoot and R2 to aim. In addition, you use the right stick to aim when it's traditionally been left stick. And there's no way to change it, it's hard-wired into the game. I've since refunded it, and will be sticking to the PS4 version."
,Recommended,254700,11473756,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,If you run out of ammo at a boss. You're ♥♥♥♥ed and gotta start the game over. It's a big ♥♥♥♥ YOU to the custommer­. But this game is awesome. BUT ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME.
76561198137250985,Recommended,254700,23032500,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Austin93MX,Ive cleared this game countless times on ps2 and gamecube yet still love to play it. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9288977,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BIGGEST BALLER,I knew you'd be fine if you landed on your butt
,Not Recommended,254700,27707557,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Azar,My nostalgia was stronger than the PC controls.
76561198153407070,Recommended,254700,23084349,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dster2014,One of the best Resident Evils if not the best Resident Evil out there 10/10.
,Recommended,254700,9307560,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,your too fucking loud.,"Definatly one of my favorite games from my childhood, and i have to say, im so glad i bought this! :D not only is this one of the greatest games of all time in my opininiom. But it has great replay value! if you love survival horror games such as ""Dead Space"" you should really check this out!! 9/10 !!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,254700,9314246,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,NegroCaucasian,laggy as hell and i have a good PC i dont know what is wrong i was so excited for this. Hopefully i can find a way to fix it. If so i will remove this review
76561197987942713,Not Recommended,254700,9362130,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,CausticSalmon,"RE4 HD edition is a really weak port. It is better than the previous PC release, but it still sucks a fat one in many aspects. The performance is completely horrible for a game that is nearly a decade old. It has this bizarre framerate limiter that can either be set to 30 or 60. It isn't regular vsync. If the framerate drops below the specified range, the game goes into slow motion and the audio drops out of sync. This would be almost forgivable if there was a user definable frame limiter (supposing there was some kind of wonky engine limitations that make such a handicap necessary), but simply chosing between 30 and 60 is a slap in the face. The game is virtually unplayable when it is locked at 30fps, and to add insult to self inflicted, rage induced injury, the motion blur option doesn't smooth things over at all. In fact, it makes it looks literally nausia-inducingly bad.I would not recommend this to anyone with a vaguely mid range computer."
,Not Recommended,254700,28965876,Posted: 2 January,all,Agrias,Its slow and I see white boxes on the screen... Im going to get a P*****ed version ...I paid damn you!
,Not Recommended,254700,28582269,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,thoughts and prayers.,Slow Motion Simulator.
,Not Recommended,254700,16989468,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ƒoxtrot,"Of the GameCube original, or the PS2 port, this version is certainly the worst. Performance issues are almost constant, every cutscene has audio desync issues, and the game has a nasty habit to crash when opening doors seemingly at random. Inferior to the original in every way, not worth the stress at any price."
76561198095412919,Not Recommended,254700,10926217,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MiRacLe_Death,"compare to the ps2 version this one sucks, the ps2 is a fast paced horror action survial game but this version is a  slow motion game, do not buy it until capcom update and fix the problem"
,Not Recommended,254700,9438509,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,LoXodonte,"Loved this game on Gamecube but this PC versions is yet another lazy port. The ""Ultimate HD"" is hardly noticeable. Perhaps in another 10 years we can get an anniversary edition Super Turbo HD that's actually worthwhile D:"
,Recommended,254700,9288360,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,R4DFIELD,"Finally a RE4 version that I can enjoy without putting efort into modding, I can't stand playing at 30 FPS, I refuse to play games at that frame rate, so when Capcom gave us the wonderful news of 60 FPS on one of the most iconic RE games I was really happy. That alone is worth the preorder price, now with HD textures, KB+M support (I use Xbox controller though), Steamworks features, it doesn't get any better than this."
,Recommended,254700,9301117,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nathaniel (No PC),IF YOU NEVER PLAYED THIS GAMEIn my opinion this is the last good Biohazard game before everything turned into poop. The atmosphere and gameplay are just amazing. It is not the traditional Biohazard gameplay but it's still a pretty good game.IF YOU ALREADY OWN THIS GAMEIf you already own an HD remake don't bother with this. If not get it when it's on sale for super cheap.
,Recommended,254700,9422083,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Henry,"A great remake of the best selling title. Although the game isn't fully in high-defination, the game still looks phenomenal. The gameplay is all the same. My only concern is the mouse support. The mouse function isn't as great as I thought it would be. But regardless, still a good game to play. I definately recommend this game."
76561198120420734,Not Recommended,254700,30804417,Posted: 28 March,all,lt.colonelmoore,"always wanted to play this, unfortunatly the controls are so bad i found it unplayable. your view and movement controlls seem to fight each other,  all it needs is a patch to seperate the movement of the player and the camera"
,Recommended,254700,9749975,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hidden-Maverick,"If you're thinking about buying a resident evil game via steam, this one is worth it."
,Not Recommended,254700,33220318,Posted: 4 July,all,Robert E. O'Speedwagon,"I really wanted to play this one... but it crashes to desktop almost constantly, even after going through the recommended procedures from various forums to expand its memory allocation.  I'd say if you can get it running, definitely play it, but only if you're brave enough to crack into the game's files to get it running."
76561197996008413,Not Recommended,254700,26428062,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Cocacolby,Unplayable.  There is a huge lag in the video/audiosync and with the controller movement
,Not Recommended,254700,13781621,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,John Doe,"Great game. Still a bad port. QTE are agonized if you play at 60 FPS. You can check by yourself if you play the mine-cart sequence.For me this required to replay the whole mine stage at 30 FPS. The original game was released for PC in 2005, but this port has the big issues with perfomance with dual core AMD CPU, 4 Gb RAM, GTX750 build. Shame on you CAPCOM."
,Not Recommended,254700,31243741,Posted: 19 April,all,Zakumei,"CONSTANTLY AND RANDOMLY CRASHES.Its not the computer because i can flawlessly and without glitches run much larger games and much older games.This port is broken. needs a lot of patching.would not reccomend.Its an awesome game, dont get me wrong. Its just not a very well made port of the game, and the crashes make it unplayable.*UPDATE as of 4-27-2017Game actually caused OTHER directories to become corrupted in my filesystem and made me had to uninstall and reinstall. Seriously, i dont know what is up with this port but it ♥♥♥♥ed with my software. Its fixable but its a headache."
,Not Recommended,254700,26577556,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Shenanigans,Garbage on the pc port. Dont waste your money in this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198130908854,Not Recommended,254700,27758224,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GonzoNawak,"Sorry, I cant play with those controls... Great game though"
,Recommended,254700,9287872,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Draco,It's a wonderful port of a classic game.
,Recommended,254700,9288166,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,OvenRoll,"Hands down the definitive version of Resident Evil 4. Native HD, 60fps, 8x Antialiasing, Mouse aim, controller support, HD textures, motion blur, crystal clear audio. Still one of the last good horror games. Yes, Capcom likes to re-release things over and over. This time it's a good thing."
,Recommended,254700,9287918,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ale & Yorsh,"Finally a decent port to what I consider the best title on the series.If you haven't played RE4, I really wouldn't consider it a horror game but it's by far one of the most entertaining action games I've ever played. Combat is really solid, exploration and loot gathering encouraged, managing the inventory and upgrading weapons addictive as hell, plus it sports a really long campaign with some fantastic pacing making this a classic.Plus, the completely ridiculous story and hilarious characters do nothing but improve the experience.As far as the PC version goes, it looks and works great. I believe that the original RE4's graphics still hold up due to some great art and design, but the constant 60 FPS (which make a VERY noticeable difference), improved textures and the fact that cutscenes aren't pre-rendered anymore mean that this time it's actually enjoyable.If I were to complain about something, it would be that you can't customize the controls, just pick from a few presets, and having to shoot with X (on the Xbox pad) feels super weird."
,Recommended,254700,9288035,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MrRayhonda,For some reason I get a little bit of a slow down at most points in the game and also in cutscenes the audio is way off sync with the characters mouths. Other than this of course the game is amazing! I've bought every version that came out so far but i'm a little worried about the lag and desync because I want to do a let's play of this for my viewers.
76561198021757575,Recommended,254700,9312280,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Well What To Say About Resident Evil 4..ITS THE BEGINNING OF THE END!!JUST MISS THE OLD SCHOOL ZOMBIES BACK TO THERE..ROOTS NOT INFECTED PEOPLE!!Dont Get Me Wrong It Is A Fun Game..Resident Evil 0 up to 4 Still Had The Hard Puzzles To Figure Out..An Thats What I Like About RE Games Beside the Violence And Gore!!Still A Good Game An For Once AT A FAIR PRICE!!!!
76561198070336077,Recommended,254700,12968267,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mKOY,one of my favorite resident evil games. lol
76561198043575278,Not Recommended,254700,29449958,Posted: 23 January,all,Razka,"This port is GARBAGE.Audio desync issues, freezes your PC if you try to quit while fullscreen, no subtitles, horrible mouse integration, and, worst of all, doesn't even start if you don't run Steam as an admin. There are more guides on how to make the game playable instead of the actual game.And this is not your average 3 stars game, this is supposed to be RESIDENT EVIL 4, one of the greatest - if not the greatest - title of the franchise. You would think they'd put some effort in porting it.But no, it is a collection of embarassing bugs that they have the audacity of selling for 20 bucks.Embarassing."
,Not Recommended,254700,19049138,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Chocolate Starfish,"I love Resident Evil 4. It's one of my top 3 favorite games of all time. I bought it on GameCube, I bought it on PS2, I even bought it on Wii. So it pains me to say that I can't recommend the Ultimate HD Edition. Between the clunky controls, the ever-present slowdowns regardless of whether you're running on 30 FPS or 60 FPS and regardless of how good your computer may be, and the gamebreaking crashes on Windows 10 that make it literally impossible to continue through the game, it's just not worth your $20.If you're really looking to play RE4 again, or even for the first time, get it on the PlayStation Store. Get it on the Xbox Live store. Hell, find your old GameCube or PS2 or Wii and dust that off. But don't waste your time or your money on this poor excuse of a port."
76561198260750893,Not Recommended,254700,19111105,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,david.a.williamson1994,"When I was younger I remember shivering with anticipation at the mystery and atmosphere of Resident Evil 4. While flawed it was an engaging piece of entertainment, and I remember its nuances and creative design most favourably. This HD super-dooper remake, however, disappoints. My computer is not very powerful, but even with the overhead of an emulator can run the PS2 version well. This, however, runs like a rusty chainsaw even when lowered -below- PS2 version graphics specs. It lags horrifically seemingly at random, the performance is uneven, and the mouse support is poor. I am reminded of the catastrophe that was the original RE4 PC version. This would seem to be a reskinned version of that failure. For $30 I expected a proper remake, not more reskinned garbage like we've been seeing.I would appreciate, but do not expect, a refund and in future a new version of the program made available that is actually designed for PC and supports a mouse somewhat better."
76561197972399550,Not Recommended,254700,29069394,Posted: 6 January,all,Riley,such a fun game on gamecube turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥due to slow motion gameplay except aiming on lake monster i can't hit it at all due to delay but SUPER sensitive reactions when aiming harpoons. if you want to spend 8 hours getting to the lake alone (mostly waiting on loading screens) then go for it. im uninstalling. my computer isn't the best but high enough to raid in wow play diamond zerg in SC2 play minecraft unreal tournaments jesus anything.. but this game has destroyed all joy i had growing up playing game cube. save you money but most importantly your time and forget playing  this on PC
76561198355719021,Not Recommended,254700,28926213,Posted: 1 January,all,ABloodyMiracle,Everything ran far too slowly for me to even begin playing the game. Even from the first few seconds it simply ran too slowly for me to do anything. I exceed the recommended settings and still not playable.
76561197994748131,Not Recommended,254700,22515496,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Daijard,The movement of the character is very difficult. I tried with the gamepad and with the keyboard but its just too rigid. They should have change that in this remaster.
,Recommended,254700,28492030,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,minecraftgod13809636238197031276,Best Resident Evil game ever.
,Recommended,254700,9509174,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Kenshinfo,Great game! I'm glad they decided to remake my favorite RE game and make it HD
76561197968619136,Recommended,254700,9288443,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"One of the best games ever made in my opinion unlimited replayablity, on my well over 20th play through over the last 9 years never a dull moment."
76561197999382413,Recommended,254700,9288478,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ron,"Resident Evil 4 is definatly a good game, if you dont have it or want to upgrade from GameCube or PS2 version I'd say buy it. It is the same Resi 4 as before and it is still as good, if that is what you want then I recomend it.Mouse and keyboard is totaly playable, there is full mouse suport in the menus and gameplay but not in the save/load screen or the inventory. The inventory in this port is annoying overall; backspace to pick up items, page down to rotate, Tab does back out of some menus but not others.This is a much better PC port than the last one but there are some technical problems it has. The games run speed seems to be tied to the FPS, which defaults to 60. Any lower and the game runs noticably slower. FPS drops to about 40 during rainy/water filled areas.Having any kind of post prossesing or AA will drop your framerate by a small amount. The game will look much smoother if you turn these options off. I suggest you turn off AA anyway as it appears to put a grain filter over the whole game while its active.Overall I think if you want resi 4 again and can put up with the technical issues go ahead and buy it, if you cant overlook these problems or have a low end machine that will struggle to run it at full res 60 FPS then you should probably avoid this port."
76561198046999977,Recommended,254700,9288271,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Steph Nuggs,"Ahh this game. One of my all time favorites and is absolutely timeless. It is one of the most tense experiences EVER as far as video games go. Very dark and disturbing, Incredibly Immersive and amazing frantic survival horror/action gameplay. It is also considered by some to be the high point of this amazing series. You probably know all this already. What you may not know is how great this port is. looks down right GORGEOUS in 1080p at 60 frames a second with brand new HD textures. Also surprised at how well this plays on keyboard and mouse as well. Just... buy this game. If you have never played it, treat yourself to one of the greatest games in gaming history."
,Recommended,254700,25010412,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Fingerless,"A swole, bald bearded spaniard walks up to you with 2 goons. Do you:A: Use your ever so handy gun.B: Roundhouse Kick.C: Use your gun, then roundhouse kick.If you answered B or C this game is for you."
76561198018961058,Recommended,254700,30288124,Posted: 2 March,all,Cytri,FFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFSFFS
,Recommended,254700,18910324,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HeavyMetal Bolsonaro,"Sou fã da franquia desde os anos 90, quando eu ainda era bem novo, por isso meu rage quando Resident Evil 4 virou modinha foi grande... Enquanto os 3 primeiros jogos abusavam do terror e temática pesada, sendo survival horror puro até o talo, Resident Evil 4 chegou trazendo Leon de Resident Evil 2 mais eminho do que nunca para salvar Ashley, a filha do presidente dos Estados Unidos da América. Nada de mortos-vivos, nada de puzzles claustrofóbicos e tensos e o cúmulo da gurizada todynho e trakinas: Agora é possível comprar armas!♥♥♥♥♥! Survival Horror não pode ter sistema de juntar moedinha pra comprar arminha não... A franquia sempre deixou isso bem claro, pois armas vc encontra pelo cenário, e as mais fodonas ficam em lugares fodões, cheio de sangue e monstros! Agora vc pode até tacar ovo de galinha nos inimigos, haha... Absurdo... Em termos de gráficos e jogabilidade o jogo deu um avanço, mas em trama, conteúdo de survival horror e dificuldade caiu MUITO! Por isso até um tempo atrás eu detestava esse game... Comprei na promoção da Steam pra zerar de novo quando eu estiver entediado, mas de um tempo pra cá eu venho pensando que a Capcom só queria inovar em algo e presentear os fãs, mas o problema é que esses fãs ridiculos e todynhos, trakinas leite com pêra enchem o saco idolatrando frescurinhas e ahh...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..Prós:-Gráficos legais-Easter Eggs e modo Mercenários bem legais-Além da campanha de Leon, temos a campanha da Ada também depois de zerar o game-Roupas desbloqueáveis-Muitas armas-Cenários bem grandes e detalhados que de vez em quando conseguem passar um clima de terror-Inimigo de Moto-Serra que lembra o maníaco do machado em RE: Outbreak File #2-Os modos Easy e Normal são interessantes... O normal possúi coisas que o Easy não tem, como um labirinto de cachorros no castelo e um cenário onde duas senhoras de moto-serra aparecem para perseguirem o jogador.Contras:-Puzzles fáceis-Personagem coadjuvante chata-Clima de Survival Horror dos jogos anteriores quase totalmente descartado, tendo em exceção apenas alguns cenários assustadores e poucas situações-Personagem principal passou por uma situação tensa a 6 anos atrás em uma cidade tomada pelos zumbis onde era apenas um policial comum e iniciante que demonstrava medo, tensão, etc... e agora é considerado um super Badass pela gurizada por motivos de criancisse-Pouquíssimas opções de alterações gráficas nesse porte HD para PCNota 6/10Recomendo pra que curte um shooter bacana, mas pra quem quer conhecer a franquia, recomendo começar pelos primeiros!"
,Recommended,254700,23385159,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,aeonteamspuck,"RE4 was really a U turn to what RE games where up to then. RE4 became easier, with customisable weapons (fire power, rate of fire etc ...), you could improve your characters (give him items to have more health and more space in inventory). Yet nobody complained that much for the changes because the game was so good.It's really still one of the best TPS ever made to me. Your character reacts quickly, and when you master the game you can really do some neat actions in a blink of a eye.If you like challenges, the hardest difficulty and the additionals modes really add some.The story and narative parts away with the older entries, but the game is nice and feel overall really honest in term of story and characters background that you easily get over it even if you're an hardcore old RE fan.A bit pricy for an old game, but really worth it at around €10~15."
,Not Recommended,254700,23662200,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Aggressive Gynecologist,"This game frequently crashes to desktop with Windows 10, and none of the solutions online work. Although, even if there was a third party patch to fix the crashing, it would still warrant a bad review. It's not unreasonable to expect the game to at least be playable."
,Recommended,254700,9348122,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Joel,The Merchant15/10
76561198090044816,Not Recommended,254700,9334092,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,PerfectCovert,"If you want to waste your money on a game that does nothing but freeze after you make progress, then this is the right choice for you."
76561198001251133,Not Recommended,254700,12065465,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sledge Hammer!,"Keyboard / Mouse controls are awkward to the point of being unplayable. This is a console port that requires a gamepad, mouse users shouldn't waste their money."
,Recommended,254700,14514061,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,big ol doinks,Legit top 10
,Recommended,254700,9288290,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,RetroHellspawn,"Soooooo... I'm not sure if anyone else is noticing this... but... The sniper rifle is acting up. Everything except the sniper rifle has 60 fps animations. If you reload, you'll notice that Leon is strangely jittery while everyone and everything else is smooth, and it looks weird. Capcom, please patch this, it took me right out of the game as far as immersion goes. I love this game and own 4 versions of it (PC (original and rerelease), PS2, and Xbox 360) and would like this version to be my definitive version."
76561197975032660,Recommended,254700,9288260,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Wolfice,"Excellent. Not perfect, but excellent. Capcom delivers with this port. If you liked Resident Evil 5 or 6, this is a must buy.Some people may cite it lacking certain graphical elements, however in spite of this the game looks great. Arguably the effects will be missed, but going back to the Wii version won't feel the same without HD and 60fps.Ultimately, this PC port shows that Resident Evil 4 has aged remarkably well. Though it will never be a COD or a BF, we need to remember that it was never meant to be. One of the godfathers of ""over-the-shoulder"" 3rd person shooter, this port of RE4 brings the masterpiece to PC gamers and sharpens features that were sadly lacking in the PS3/360 HD ports."
76561198036538796,Recommended,254700,9288545,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kitty Hawk,"Well, it is my all time favorite game so yes I definitely recommend this on a nintendo console. I played the campaign 4 times in the Wii and now doing my 5th on PC.HOWEVER, as fun as the game is. This port is just terrible. KB&M controls are below average and sometimes right after I hold the aim button the screen just pans to the left, and I haven't even moved my mouse yet. The game goes all slow mo for me when I play it in 60 fps (well im palying it on my laptop). They say it's HD but it's not much of an HD... but that doesnt realy bother me too much. I really really really hope the devs will release a patch soon.. please.With that said, as horrible the controls may be.. I'm still gonna play it because it's Resident Evil 4."
76561198065471053,Recommended,254700,9288552,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ragnar,"If youre new to the RE/Biohazard Series, this is a great place to start"
76561198059178838,Recommended,254700,9288472,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,malaveyd,I have just started playing and the HD and high frame rate just looks awsome!!! I loved this game years ago on the ps2.Now I am playing it in HD!! I am lovin it!!!This game is my favorite next to RE2 and seeing it at 60FPS is just amazing!!!!Highly recommended if you liked the original!!!
,Recommended,254700,9288186,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,EngiPotato,"A little rough, don't you think?"
,Recommended,254700,9731652,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,stickler,"I played the original GC version, the PS2 version, the Wii version and the horrible original PC port of RE4. This one is by far the best. They really did a good job addressing fans request and redeemed themselves with this. It has everything you come to expect in a PC game. Multiple settings, keyboard and mouse support with ability to change keybindings. So far my only complaint is not being able to map my 360 controller to what I want instead of having to use the default. Granted, there are 3 types of controls for the pad to chose from but all are worthless besides the original. I'm not sure if you can even use another gamepad with this game as you can't rebind keys but I'm gonna hook up my original xbox huge controller to it and see if that works. I hope it does,I would prefer to use one of my other controllers than the 360, sometimes it feels kinda slow when you aim and I have not noticed a setting to adjust the sensitivity. I also noticed in the options menu things like locked FPS, subtitles and some other things are greyed out. It might be because you can only change those before you are in game. I will test that soon.It also takes a bit to get used to using the KB/M, sometimes it is jerky. The game looks fantastic and runs at a smooth 60fps - however that screws up some of the things in the game like enemies moving a bit faster sometimes and so on. I think they addressed this in a recent patch but I just locked my FPS to 30.It's only 20 bucks and you just can't go wrong with this if you are a fan of this game. I will update my review the more I play it and upload screenshots. My pc is sorta dated and I'm using a cheap Nvidia 430 GPU and it runs perfectly. I can't wait to get my new GPU so I can crank everything up even more. I highly recommend this game. Worth the money even if you already own it on consoles.[edit] I restarted the game and was enabled to get to the options you can't change during gameplay - except subtitles. It's still blacked out. I'm not sure if it's implemented yet. Hopefully that will be fixed soon or maybe I'm just doing something wrong. Anyways, good hunting!"
,Not Recommended,254700,12101002,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,The Night Fox,"The worst controls I've encountered in 28 years of gaming across over a dozen platforms. Some will call the controls ""old school"" which is a nostalgic way of saying outdated, or moreover, obsolete. If you've played any Dead Space games, this experience will be nothing short of infuriating while trying to use a keyboard and mouse. Do not buy this game unless you have a controller. The HD is not a big improvement. The atmosphere is unique and well done. Perhaps some day I'll come back to this if I have an Xbox controller handy. In the mean time, it's a complete waste. I should have gone with my gut and stayed clear of all things RE on PC. It's obvious the devs didn't have PC in mind. 3/10"
,Recommended,254700,14251153,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Stank pussy = Cool Ranch Doritos,I've 100% this game 6 times and counting. sooooooooooooo 0/10 too much water
,Recommended,254700,28479466,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dad Joke McStroke,The President's daughter has been equipped with state-of-the-art ballistic missles.She doesn't need my help. Leon also does not want to work overtime.
76561198014125193,Not Recommended,254700,10009416,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,kanesoban,"Even though i easily meet the recommended system requirements, the game slows down all the time making it almost unplayable.Only buy if you have a VERY strong gaming pc."
76561198322377700,Not Recommended,254700,24832308,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,scribblethebat,my game is in slow motion please fix this
,Recommended,254700,29531976,Posted: 27 January,all,lord quas,COME TO BRAZIL
76561198263688238,Recommended,254700,22395020,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Jack Dail,Resident Evil 4 is classic and will always have a place in my heart when it comes to my favorite video games! Easy and not to complicated to get the hang of. Highly recommend this game for anyone who is in for one of the best 3rd person shooter survival horror games out there! (:
,Not Recommended,254700,30826097,Posted: 29 March,all,Armin,"Sucks....I can't play a game without it crashes. The games runs fiine excpet after saving. Then quit the game it crashes my pc and I had to force my pc to restart. If i continue with this method one day my pc won't last long. Pleasee fixed this problem so I can play this game fairly without it crashes. My game is at full screen,"
76561198105847869,Not Recommended,254700,33445314,Posted: 10 July,all,Fuehrer,Crashes... appears to have incompatibility issues with Windows. Haven't even been able to boot the game. Temp negetive until further notice.
,Recommended,254700,23100206,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kim,This is a great game I played it when I was a kid on the gamecube but this version is just great I really recommend it too all horror game fans out there. I really like to plot of this game and the characters in the game. One bad thing about the game is that it is kinda slow in the beginning but after that its just awsome.
76561198109081071,Recommended,254700,15832794,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dr.Flaccid M.D,"It was a masterpiece when I first played it on the Gamecube, it was a masterpiece on the wii, and it was a masterpiece on the 360 and PS3. The PC version is no exception. Buy this classic if you haven't already. I played this game numerous times and I still had a blast playing it on my PC. So buy it now, stranger..."
,Not Recommended,254700,12068776,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,lordslug,I have never written a review for a game on steam before but felt i needed to with this particular title. The game could have been very good were it not for the terrible controls both using keyboard and mouse and also with a game pad. Even tried the patched version which is supposed to improve the controls but does not. Do yourself a favor and avoid this title unless you want to struggle not to punch your monitor due to terrible controls.
,Not Recommended,254700,26414856,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hiperyon,I tried everything I could find on internet but the game won't start :(*I own a high end pc.
76561197971615996,Not Recommended,254700,14102335,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JeezonTorst,"Well I know this was game of the year when it was released by I really dont like it at all. I can't control the camera properly, it's too close to your character, it all feels horribly clunky and restrictive... I guess that's probably part of the point of it, to keep up that feeling of terror... but yeah, I didn't like it at all. Makes me feel like throwing my PC through the window within 10 minutes of starting it. Hated it."
,Recommended,254700,12111463,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Cuca,I buy at higher price.
,Recommended,254700,29100066,Posted: 7 January,all,kysa,it's a good game
76561198097467777,Not Recommended,254700,22018253,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,heavy1eater,"I have played and beaten this game probably 4 or 5 times on the Gamecube and have logged in well over 60-70 hours on the Gamecube version. I got this on sale on Steam for 6.79 because I figured a 10 year old game is NOT worth the full price of 19.99, even if it is a ""remastered"" port. Let me tell you, I was right about that, but I was wrong about something else. Buying this port in the first place for any of my hard-earned money.This is a terrible port, it runs terribly on my computer, the graphics literally look terrible, and why does Leon look like a pale zombie figure? It was not this way on the Gamecube version? This PC version just looks terrible and plays terrible overall. If you are considering buying this because you played the original PS2 or Gamecube version, you are better off just buying an old Gamecube/PS2 off of eBay for 40 bucks and then getting this game and playing it on that. This is terrible and I have already requested my refund."
,Recommended,254700,15998586,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ScottOfCanes,Fantastic game. The only downside is that trying to perform some of the QTE's are impossible at 60fps.
,Recommended,254700,23469744,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,keV-o™,"This is one of my top 10 favorite games of all time since it was released on the GameCube, the remastered version makes it move up several positions because of the awesome increase in quality of the graphics. The campaing is not too long and bot too short with events through out it that trigger your wanting to figure out what is going to happen next."
76561198079563788,Recommended,254700,23459224,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lieutenant Joker,Its a pretty good game.I dont think that its as good as some people say but then again resident evil never was one of my fav franchises.Some people love it and say its the best game in the series.Some people hate it because of what came after it.I really liked how they jumped to over the shoulder yet still sustained that horror feel.I thought that maybe they should have lowered the weapons down a bit like remove the rocket launcher because it made it a bit too actiony sometimes.The story isnt really that memorable or great IMO but its OK.8/10
,Recommended,254700,23570640,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SMOKE SIGNAL ME YOUR NUDES,"I used to love playing this game back when I had it on Gamecube. I didn't make it too far though cause I sucked at games back then. It was refreshing to visit this game now that I have gotten better at gaming. One major gripe I have with this PC port is the controls. Maybe it's just me but it takes a fortnight just to turn around and I tried playing it with my not Xbox controller for windows and it is ABYSMAL! So I played with just my keyboard and mouse and it was less trash, but still kind of trash. But in the end the controls didn't hinder the gameplay too much and I was still able to relive the glory days before I hated my life. So yeah definitely recommend! Just don't use a USB controller."
,Recommended,254700,10993984,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shao,"RE4 has been there in the most depressed times of my life, for every times i hear it's few OST's it reminds me of my young drama and there is not a single time i did not regret played it. Even if it's the one hundred walkthrough, it never gets old. For me, it has that special feel of chaos and mistakes done at every gunfires. Without a doubt, RE4 got reworked everywhere and i've got every single version of it. Seeing it evolve from assignment ada, to separate ways. It was like DLC's, but console in consoles till i get this reworked PC version. Should you get it? Of course, if you don't you'll probably be missing one of the greatest games from the 6th generation of gaming consoles. Whatever the graphics, modeling and animations. These Ganados are always fun to kill, making it tru the game again and again is not so bad and personally, if you get bored of it. Mercenaries mode is there to satisfy your needs of killing some more!"
,Recommended,254700,9289532,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,JABBA69R,"I do recommend this game but the Devs have lied about it being HD it's the same textures as the gamecube verson only some tiny changes where made to key ingame textures thats it, and the controls are rubbish, keyboard and mouse keys are a mess and will get you killed most of the time and using a 360 controller takes a while to get used to,I give this game a rating of 5/10 is a great game but both PC ports ""Steam and Retail"" are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥would recommend the gamecube or PS2 verson of the game!!!"
76561198096202444,Recommended,254700,28477606,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Max0o3,"Loved it when i was young, still love it now. A great game."
,Recommended,254700,28479408,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kuu~Kuu~Harajuku,Easily my favorite game I've ever played.
,Recommended,254700,22362447,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ali G | SOA Scotland President,"♥♥♥♥ THOSE CHAINSAW PEOPLEanyway i finally finished it, another game that gives me memories of back when me and my dad used to play this on ps2, good times, i beat the game on here in 21 hrs and made over 100 saves lol, for the most part you play as a cop called ""Leon S Kennedy"" the long lost bro of JFK, maybe you never know, you rescue the president daughter whilst surviving through crazy villigers, satanists and Leatherface chainsaw mofos and when you beat the game (If your lucky) you get some extras like merceneries, Ada missions and cutscenes from the game...this and Dead Island, two of the best games i played on console then on PC For the memories, i will defo play this more = 1000000/10"
,Recommended,254700,34088167,Posted: 7 August,all,BrotherLewis,gg but tbh you'd be better off just playing it on a console
,Recommended,254700,32742912,Posted: 24 June,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,"""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ BACK"""
,Not Recommended,254700,29059582,Posted: 6 January,all,Five Suns,Poorly optimized. Achievement hunters stay away from this because 2 of them are impossible
,Recommended,254700,11980382,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,The Moody Welshman,"Shot a cow in the head 16 times and the f***er just went moo. Awesome.Anyway, this is a nice re-do of RE4 aaaand so far the only complaint I have is it randomly slows down immensely at random points.Reading other reviews, this isn't the most uncommon problem and hopefully there's a way to fix it. I'd hate to imagine fighting Krauser with lag like that."
,Not Recommended,254700,22658676,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,vidakanto,"My game is crashed, i cant go further!"
,Recommended,254700,29480590,Posted: 25 January,all,< blank >,HeHeHeHe Thank You
76561198119690505,Recommended,254700,23839888,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BestBuy™,"""THE ONLY RESIDENT EVIL THAT IS NOT A REGRET"""
76561198065937850,Not Recommended,254700,35434007,Posted: 2 October,all,Swordsmage,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I've had it on PS2, Wii, Xbox360, and now on PC and beaten all modes on all systems. So far the mouse aiming has been the best way to play this game, but Capcom has made it impossible if your monitor or laptop runs above 60hz. If you have no way of lowering your refreshrate, you can not play this game, and it's clear Capcom has no intent to fix this. This means as technology moves more towards higher refresh rates, this game will progressively become harder to play unless you want to go out of your way and use a 60 hz moniter or TV to play it."
76561198052368485,Not Recommended,254700,35004232,Posted: 16 September,all,davidmvp010,Three crashes in 30 min...ugh...
,Recommended,254700,9405322,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,KnightArmada,"""The Ultimate HD edition"" it lives up to it's name. This game works perfectly with both controller and mouse and keyboard.A survivial horror game that delivers on the survival. The vast need for ammo and save points keeps you going and when you find one, you'll be the happiest person alive.The rush of Resident Evil 4 is like nothing I have ever experienced. With a story that may seem cliche', 'Save the presidents daughter' but you start to feel for both the main characters, Leon and Ashley as they go through the game trying to get off the island that is overrun with a destrucrive and infected cult.Not interested yet? How about some quick time events, gorgeous cutscenes, an atmosphere that will leave your spine tingling.And what about the sound of a chainsaw from the distant knowing the person holding it, is out to cut your head off?I recommend Resident Evil 4 to anyone and everyone. It's known as the 'last true Resident Evil' and believe me, it's one of the best.Just play it."
76561198074109224,Recommended,254700,9411193,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,BLS,Great!
76561198088243647,Recommended,254700,9449592,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Battledoge,"just as amazing as when I first played it on PS2. controlls are fluid and just as terrifying as when I played it when I was 14, just wish the graphics were better. The HD is ok not a very big difference from the original in my opinion."
,Recommended,254700,9484538,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Frickboi,Just as good as the original :D
76561198093017618,Recommended,254700,9401255,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Captain-Falcon,Masterpiece!
,Recommended,254700,9420438,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,kill me,"The game is of course amazing but i only had one negative side.... The cutscenes of the seprate ways... ""You'll Know What Im Talking About"" -Merchant"
76561197970866245,Recommended,254700,9437649,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kickass Anime,"i must admit i can into this game with open eyes not knowing what to expect from it, the game control using the keyboard is clumsy until you get used to it, the xbox controller support is a little better, the graphics are ok by todays standards but having a hint of green through the stages is kind of off putting, gameplay overall and length of game including all extras is definetly worth the £14.99 tag."
,Recommended,254700,9541021,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,mjsime,"Possibly one of the worst PC ports ever. No audio function, mouse support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""HD"" my♥♥♥♥♥- looks like aids, capped at 30/60 fps because, yeah...Possibly the best horror game ever and easily the best Resident Evil game ever - Who needs an exit button when the game is that great (literally I can't find one)! Buy."
,Recommended,254700,9555791,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Neowyrm,"This recommendation is a HIGHLY tentative one; this is indeed the ultimate collection of Resident Evil 4 content. It is, unfortunately, presented in a terribly optimized, poorly-put-together package. I don't have the best card in the world--Nvidia GeForce GTX 650--but I still get audio/video desync in cutscenes and major slowdowns during gameplay--even on low resolutions! I think that this COULD be the ultimate RE4 experience but it needs some help. Buy at your own risk!"
76561198014443385,Recommended,254700,9449494,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Muammar Gaddafi,Awesome game go buy it now
76561198067781083,Recommended,254700,9407918,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,LeonarDoh92,WAY BETTER THAN RE5+6+REVALATIONS COMBINED!!!!!!
,Recommended,254700,9416295,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Culinarystud,Almost ten years after it was first released Resident Evil 4 still holds up to today's gaming standards. My personal favorite game of the past decade.
,Recommended,254700,9422515,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,[NERV] Sasha Greyfox,"Still the Great RE4 we've all come to love, there has been small missteps in this release but nothing that should hold anyone back from wanting to RE-experience (get it?) re4.  I went through most of the game pain free but i do have 2 complaints.  The game will randomly ""chug"" after exiting the inventory screen sometimes but it's easily fixed by going right back in and out of the menu.  The mouse controls are not the most refined, it's not like re5's.  Played the whole thing with a controller and it was fine.  There is some terrible gamma problems too but it only was blarringly obvious like 3 times throughout the whole game.  Still a great game for the noslagia kids out there, i was for the msot part always at 60 frames with minimal graphical errors.  Get it!"
,Recommended,254700,9299080,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Foolery,It's RE4.It's a good port.What more do you need?
76561197992433400,Recommended,254700,9301114,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,juku699,"Controls great, graffics great now footstep sound no reload sound super quiet when not fighting sound needs a patch ill pick back up playing when the sound isnt buggy but good work"
,Recommended,254700,9315781,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Viet-Lao anh em,Legend is back. Thanks CAPCOM for remake this game
76561198034111862,Recommended,254700,9299948,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,HustleBerry (Minecraft Alt),This game is amazing it looks so much better then how it was and its allot better on PC okay??? so anywho if your a true resident evil fan you should already have this game !!! story line is good is hasnt broke...so far...i highly recomend this game !! i give this game ...eehhhh 10/10 probably because its the best resident evil i ever played :) i dont rate all games 10/10 soap better like this
,Recommended,254700,18336759,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,grindle91,What ya selling?  Hehehehe I'll buy it at a high price!
,Recommended,254700,14511584,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,nice  remanking! better than 5
76561198038291837,Recommended,254700,9300533,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MonstrousGirlie,"I already own this game on Xbox, Gamecube, and Wii.10/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,28262347,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Killing Flores,It keeps crashing all the time. Can`t even play the game
76561197970509236,Not Recommended,254700,10005705,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,wheeljack12,"don't buy this crap! I thought with the HD remake that you could control the gun with the mouse instead of what capcom/UBISOFT did in the original boxed pc version of the game where there was no mouse control and all was controlled by the keyboard. All they did was allow you to do with the mouse is move the camera around (not a head or gun camera like re5 and re6, more like a free floating camera) which screws you up if you are used to the mouse being head/gun control like re5 and re6."
,Recommended,254700,9416649,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,kernalkrackerz,"Resident Evil 4 is a great example of a survival horror game, mainly because it takes a slow and steady approach to combat instead of throwing waves of zombies and mutants at you.  the pacing of this game is excellent, as soon as you feel like you have a good thing going,♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan, and you find yourself low on herbs (health packs) and ammo.the backpack where you store you weapons and ammo feels like tetris; it has limited space so you'll always need to be switching stuff around to get the max carrying capacity.this game relies heavily on ammo conservation, you cannot buy bullets, so you should really limit yourself to one bullet per enemy. shoot them in the face, roundhouse kick, then knife em while they are down.this game won game of the year, and i consider it a must play. bosses are too easy though.FLASH GRENADES ARE YOUR BEST FRIEND!!!!! no really they make any enemy stumble, so you can get some cheap shots in."
,Recommended,254700,9435003,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Kryllo,"One of my all time favorite games. I used to play this game when I was a kid all the time. I've beaten this game around 13 times, and I still love playing the game. The game has a great story, and an amazing Resident Evil addition back in 2006. This is my favorite Resident Evil of all time.The game is worth getting and playing."
76561198038685064,Recommended,254700,9570663,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,RESIDENT EVIL 4(AFOWP),best game ever
,Recommended,254700,9407293,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,mrwetzel42,"This is one of the best games ever in the history of ever. The Steam version is the 5th time I've bought the game, and I've played through its various incarnations 20-30 times."
,Recommended,254700,9511470,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Mac,Very nice port. Was one of my favourite games so was a pleasure to play through again. Would like to see them do this with Resident Evil 2 and the outbreak games though.During points this game had massive slow down and unsynced cut scenes... I'm running on a amd radeon hd 7970 so doubt it was a hardware issue and more a software one. Would like to see this ironed out but overal was a very good release of RES4.
76561198028000278,Recommended,254700,9538203,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,CardiacShotgun,Resident Evil 4 is without a doubt one of the finest survival horror experiences ever crafted. I fell in love with this game when i first played it 5 years ago and I could not be more satisfied with this new edition. I can't recommend this enough to everyone I know. This is truly a piece of videogaming history and should always be remembered by the community. This game is truly priceless.
,Recommended,254700,9576792,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,NickNack,"There's always that one game you pretty much know inside out, for me it's Resident Evil 4.That being said, I am by no means a professional player here. I'm still scared of levels, I still dread encounters I know are coming, and I still end up missing a great deal of my targets - but it's fun.INSANE fun. Try using one gun, or only eggs, or using no health or upgrades and just running away.This may have lead to the decline of the series but at least it set a noteable benchmark.Monsters, Guns, Upgrading, Headshots, Horror, Cults, Inventories, Attractive Girls and plenty of Gore.I think that equals a well earned: Heck Yes!"
76561198021264750,Recommended,254700,29891042,Posted: 12 February,all,Kamilza12,"So I just got through my first run of the game, I got interested in the franchise of Resident Evil a while back cause the YouTube channel Game Grumps played the REmaster so I watched it and decided to get this game as it was on sale, I just got around spending the past 2 days dedicating all my time to it and I've got to say although I dont feel as if this game is a masterpiece, the gameplay is extremely solid and fun, I've heard in the Resident Evil community that this either comes along to most as the best RE game or the worst because it took a turn for the franchise, I can't say since I dont have too much experience with any of them except watching the REmaster of the first and beating the fourth myself. As a casual gamer I considered this to be a 9/10, im really getting into the franchise because of this game now and look forward to beating the rest this following year, possible cons I might list that might bother people but not really meBad voice acting (in some scenearios) and just weird dialouge in generalNot too much context or story as I would've wanted, but then again that helped with keeping the game fun soo personal prefrence.Just not enough explanation is my complaint really, I mean im not a reviewer per say, but I really did have fun with the game, the best way to describe what I consider a 10/10 game to be, would be that it would contain such fun and diverse gameplay and can really drive my emotion and connect with the characters which I felt this game lacked but dont think they were aiming for in the first place to begin with.Just buy the game if its on sale, even if its not the regular cost is already a bit cheap, you wont regret it :)"
,Recommended,254700,9406088,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kealmcking,"This game is probably the best game i've ever played. I don't know why, but other games i'll only play through once or twice. This one though, i've beat it at least 10 times on PS2, Gamecube, and 360 each, and I hope to continue that with the PC version. The story is fantastic, the gameplay is amazingly fun, it is just an all around fantastic game. I really would reccommend it to anyone. It truly has the most replayability that i've ever seen in a game. I know I have alot of games I say are my favorites (Assassins Creed II, Kingdom Hearts, Deus Ex, and more) this is the only one I can play over and over without getting bored of it.It also has a good amount of unlockable content, such as; costumes,weapons, modes(mercenaries, Assignment Ada, Seperate Ways, etc.). The game is reasonably challenging on the normal difficulty, but it really kicks it up a notch with PROFESSIONAL difficulty. Thankfully, the game allows you to start every game with your old weapons, so it's still fun.My only complaint is that EVERY boss can be one shotted with a rocket launcher. It just seems dumb to me. But, it doesnt detract from the game, so who cares.Overall i would give this game an 11/10. Easily the best game I've ever played. Now, if only they would put all the other older ones on here."
,Recommended,254700,9448098,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kenomica,"Although not my favourite Resident Evil title, I have been thoroughly looking forward to this release; especially since switching to PC gaming has sadly caused me to miss out on classics such as Metal Gear Solid, Resident Evil etc.The store page on Steam states that resident Evil 4 features the following:-Stunning HD running at a smooth 60 frames per second for the first time.-A complete visual overhaul has been performed to bring this revered title to the highest graphical quality ever.-Fully optimized for the wide screen, texts have been sharpened and textures have been upgraded on characters, backgrounds and in-game objects.-Steam platform support with Steam Achievements, Steam Cloud, Steam Trading Cards, global leaderboards, and full game controller support.-Native keyboard and mouse support with customizable key binding, mouse sensitivity, and mouse acceleration settings.- This new PC version will include everything from the prior iterations including subtitle support in English, French, Italian, German, and Spanish as well as previously released bonus content such as the Separate Ways epilogue.Now, I personally would not call it “stunning” – the new textures are okay but nothing to write home about. Yes, they are an upgrade from the original’s blurry, illegible textures (some of which still remain) but they still look dated and fairly low resolution; not to mention some of the old broken-down and dirty textures have been replaced with much cleaner, out of place textures. Luckily, for some users, Capcom offers a choice between original and “HD” textures. On the positive side, the user interface and text do look much sharper and easier on the eyes – far superior in quality to the original game.This isn’t helped by the “Motion Blur” setting. Usually I am a fan of such an option, but I know many people love it or hate it. Sadly in RE4 it’s a very low quality blur, almost giving the impression of a lower frame rate. Luckily this option is completely optional, as Resident Evil 4 does a good job of allowing users to change texture quality, shadows, anti aliasing etc.A comparison between the “HD” and “SD” textures can be found[HERE]It is far from a “complete visual overhaul” – especially when compared to games such as Final Fantasy X | X-2 HD Remaster, which not only reworked textures, they improved pre-rendered backgrounds, completely replaced low poly LOD meshes with higher polygon versions and even went the extra mile to completely re-arrange the old MIDI tracks with a full orchestral sound track.On to the “Native keyboard and mouse support” - Sadly this is where things get more disappointing. Although Capcom have added the ability to turn mouse acceleration on or off, it’s rather moot as the mouse aiming feels like it’s just emulating  XINPUT commands, causing floaty, clunky aiming that feels far from “native.”The most irritating issue regarding controls is that mouse support is completely absent from menu screens, such as the inventory management. Instead, you must use WASD to move the cursor around the grid based attaché case, press E to select it, Page Up and Page Down to rotate and E again to place back down. This is vastly disappointing, I would have expected to simply have a drag and drop system where I can freely move objects with the mouse.The game is fully compatible with an Xbox 360 controller, so at least that’s an option if the mouse issues are too much, and unlike the original PC port – This version correctly displays newly textured prompts to correspond with using a controller. No more “Press Button 8 to dodge”.I must admit, however, even on controller, the control-scheme has not aged well. Like most people, I’ve been spoiled by modern systems, fluid 360-degree motion and 3D camera systems as opposed to Resident Evil 4′s tank controls. I don’t remember the original being so clunky but I’m quite certain that’s due to the system being fairly good for it’s time back then. I wouldn’t class this as a negative, however. It uses the same controls as the original, and if I enjoyed it so much back then I’m sure I just need to get back to grips with an older style of play.Complaints aside, running Resident Evil 4 at native 1080p at 60fps is a great thing. I cannot imagine myself going back to the 30fps version, and I would go as far as saying, despite its flaws, this is the definitive version of Resident Evil 4. Especially when compared to the original PC port."
,Recommended,254700,9484463,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,AncorA,"Keyboard + mouse is terrible, especially for those accustomed to aiming with the keyboard."
,Not Recommended,254700,26291385,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,the vikro,"this is very cool horror game,but if you want to play it don't buy this game from here.if you buy it,the game graphics are on slow-motion,this is f*****g weird.capcom must be shaming for the no-fix of this problem.there is a link to buy the game,,http://guide4games.net/resident-evil-4-hdbiohazard-4-pc-tweaks-slow-motion-issue-black-screen-config-controller-fixes/"""
,Recommended,254700,11397630,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dankzilla :^),"This game is amazing, The controls might be wonky on keyboard, I wouldn't know because I use controller.*The guns feel nice*The game looks ok, the fire is really good*Pretty cheese characters.*Feels fair, The game doesn't really screw you overSome issues with it though- The cheesy characters, if you don't like dumb comments every convercation.- Ashley has a tendency to get kidnapped, and transported to another realm + you might shoot her in the face while trying to save her, this is a bad thing FYI- And the game gets all slow motion for no reason, which can be annoying- And it has crashed on me on doors, causing me to lose 20 min of progress.Still pretty good, don't let the big cheese scare you. He is not really cheese, if that helps you face him.9/10 would buy for full price (even at full price!)"
76561198035415547,Recommended,254700,9308785,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,McMuppinator,"forgot how good this game was, forgive the clunky controls and enjoy."
76561198061020409,Recommended,254700,9497664,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Gumbi001,"I spent hours on this game as a child, and I'm doing it again!! I LOVE THIS GAME!!10/10 buy this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,26082200,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,K0sMIC,Does anybody know how to contact steams customer service. I have tried playing this on 2 computers both my recently owned laptop and my new current pc. Both specs were more then good enough to run this game but EVERYTIME i try changing an option like the resolution or anti-aliasing the screen would go blank for well over a minute especially on the laptop to the point where I either had to wait 4-5 minutes for the setting to not even be changed or be forced to do a hard reset on my computer rendering the game only playable on it's default settings which defeats the purpose of me even buying the game on my pc in the first place. I'm not looking for a refund or anything but I would at least like some sort of solution. I just want to play the game!! :( lol
76561197997230733,Recommended,254700,30798693,Posted: 28 March,all,Skeletonponcho,Been enforcing the steroetype that blonde bimbos are useless since 2005.
76561198077628825,Not Recommended,254700,24138188,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Motor-Runner,"The best Resident Evil , but this version crashes all the time and have a lot of slow downs even on above recomendation pc's"
76561198004230403,Recommended,254700,9405080,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,"lightdeed75,aka The GAMESAGE",great game...!!!!!!
76561198008359350,Not Recommended,254700,9318648,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Forgotten~r,Bad support
,Not Recommended,254700,13732659,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AIK-QNEXTGEN,Please Help me I enable Invert aim but doesn't work
76561197963762164,Not Recommended,254700,9390497,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,/\/yarlothotep,Pros: Interesting Boss fights. Bizarre locale. A giant alligator.Cons: HD graphics are HD graphics of the early 2000s and not modern HD. Textures are terrible up close. Huge crash issue fora lot of people. Can't pass chapter 3 simply because it freezes. Controls are awkward and take a lot to get used to.Overall: An unpolished game that might be worth 5$ if it didn't freeze all the time. As is - do not buy.
,Recommended,254700,18967560,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,neverlina,"My 3rd playthrough finally happened in HD version. The game still looks cool, fun and enjoyable. Well, thats old Capcom in a nutshell. Monsters are really creepy even if u seen them many times. Gameplay is intense coz of ""stay and shoot"" mechanic and lack of ammos. Honestly, this game is about gameplay and impression in first place. Plot is not high tier even for horror games, and definitely loosing even to Silent Hill 4.And a big spoon of tar in honey barrel: awful HD PC release. Yes, it got high resolution textures, but PC release is not only about graphics. Game struggling of bad optimisation level coz of HD textures. It crushed 5 times coz i used not SD pack. Wierd, but i couldnt change sound volume inside the game. And it got half-made english subtitles: only in codec (damn son). My main language not english, so i was forced to use non-official translation. And seems like Capcom dont care about it. Well played!Still, its rly cool game and i definitely recomend it, coz it gives you such great experience. And its pretty good game for people who dont familiar to Capcom games, but want to start up. Peace!"
76561198027553251,Recommended,254700,9307793,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,alucard,good hd quality but during cutscenes and areas where there is alot of movment my computer lags a bit
,Recommended,254700,14802024,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Runi,"couldn't find the ""exit to main menu"" button until i beat the entire game"
76561198081633090,Recommended,254700,16224309,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AwenMilano,"My opinion Re4 better than Re Revelation, becoz zombies head can blow up.Something cant happen at Re Revelation"
,Recommended,254700,23450930,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Shanks,"pasti ada alasan kenapa banyak gamer, termasuk gue, menamatkan game ini 5, 6, 7, bahkan 12 kali.pasti ada alasan juga kenapa Capcom merilis game ini ke semua platform gaming modern yang pernah ada mulai dari gamecube, ps2, Wii, xbox 360, ps3, ps4, Xbox One, dan tentu saja pc. Dirilis tahun 2014, 10 tahun sejak pertama kali kemunculannya, Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition masih begitu menyenangkan untuk dimainkan. Sangat pantas jika game ini berada dalam daftar teratas game-game terbaik sepanjang masa versi hampir semua situs game."
76561198068027580,Recommended,254700,23637004,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ShoeLoser,"i suplexed a spanish monk off some steps.Ladies and gentalmen, here is your winner and the new world heavyweight champion, Leon.S.Kennedy.10/10"
76561197998825270,Recommended,254700,9310667,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Dorf,"In order to help commemorate the release of the “Ultimate HD Edition” of Resident Evil 4 on Steam this week, I figured I’d post about how awesome this game is. It's actually difficult for me to put my finger on why I like this game so much. On paper, it seems like a game I would absolutely hate. The story is pretty much ridiculous. The puzzles feel tacked on and unnecessary. There's instant death quick time events in cutscenes. All things I hate. Plus it's a shooter, and I'm not usually enthralled with action/shooters. But somehow this game really won me over and became one of my favorites.Resident Evil 4 marked a huge shift in the franchise's gameplay. RE 1-3 were really more pure survival horror games. Ammo was scarce. Enemies were scarce, which made it more intense when you encountered one. Aiming was kind of awkward which gave a real sense of vulnerability. The emphasis was on atmosphere and trying to creep the player out. I liked these games, especially the first Resident Evil. RE4 is a very different kind of game. There's enemies all over the place, the controls are tight, and the emphasis is on the shooting and action. It's a different kind of fun. It still does atmosphere sort of well through the first half of the game, but kind of abandons it through the second half in my opinion.What I think this game does very well is variety. Variety in enemies, variety in weapons, variety in locations and so on. While I think RE4 does some sections of the game better than others, at least you never get the sense that you're doing the same thing over and over which I frequently get while playing shooters. There's the atmospheric lonely feeling of the village in the beginning of the game, the creepy cultists in the castle, the unnerving bizarre science experiments in the laboratory and the over the top action sequences near the end of the game.There are lots of unique and memorable experiences in RE4. There's everything from being trapped in a cabin with legions of zombies trying to break in to running from an invisible monster through dimly lit sewers. There's even epic gigantic boss fights and a few vehicle sections as well. It's not as nerve-wrackingly scary as the first RE games, but there are a few jump scares scattered throughout RE4. There's a sort of fun metagame of deciding which weapons and items you'll take with you with limited inventory space. And deciding which guns to upgrade and which upgrades to purchase is fun too.It's just good old zombie killing fun. Check it outFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561197998761193,Recommended,254700,9312130,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,W.Sc®| link3rd,"Great game since i first played back in the PS2 days. I've been modding the living hell out of the PC version to get it to look good, but keep everything original. This is done very well. It looks amazing!I have collected 8Gb worth of patches over a month of searching for the original PC version. When I say this game looks great, then take it from me. It looks great! PLUS, it has all the extras from the original version: Seperate Ways, Assignment Ada and The Mercenaries mode!CONS:Mouse controls are painful. Took a while getting used to it, but sometimes, the mouse goes crazy, especially while trying to move the camera and aim.The quicktime events are a PAIN on keyboard. ""X+C"" is a nightmare! This cannot be remapped!Slow Mo after coming out of the inventory or from pause menu sometimes. This is disappointing.(I really hope a patch fixes all these)"
76561198071032142,Recommended,254700,9298157,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Potato,Still stands up to its reputation. Still keeps the classic survial horror people love.
76561198120453849,Recommended,254700,9299373,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,J-wade316,"Just like I remembered, playing as the badass Leon Kennedy searching for the president's daughter and blowing off some Ganados heads!  Glad tp be playing RE4 again!  This will forever remain the best RE game today, besides the classic ones."
,Recommended,254700,16901928,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,The Train Snake,"This is the version of RE4 that we've been waiting for on the PC. the graphics are better than the port (although i still think it looked better on the GC, maybe just nostalgia) The controls are awesome, i can finally play it mouse and keyboard and enjoy it, and it has all the story comonents from all the versions. If you're like me and think this game was genre defining, pick it up, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,254700,9311306,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Vue19EC|<,"What can I say....I remember buying this game on gamecube and beating it the first. When it came to graphics, for what it was on gamecube it was really good. Although at the time it was exclusive for gamecube only.. it was release on PS2 also which had the addon for Ada's misson, the typewriter and the laser gun! I beat it on ps2 also and I beat it on PS3 when it was release!!! What can I say... the story is pretty much a get from point A to B gameplay. I like it thats why I brought it on 3 different type of plat form. However, I got the PC version too and i'm still not bored of RE4. A really fun game to play.I have to say the HD touch is really nice. The controls are easy to use although i perfer a controller.Get this game if you played the past and recent RE games... SKIP RE6. Waste of time."
,Recommended,254700,9298433,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,directed by david lynch,The same game you bought four times... AGAIN!
76561197998534205,Recommended,254700,9300257,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,farns,leonidas kennedy eats lots of eggs in this action packed spanish adventuredon't miss out on the reconquista part deux as leona commits genocide
,Recommended,254700,9306850,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,twm,It's basically a higher resolution port of the xbox360 version which I have already completed.Minor cons:- Forget playing with a mouse or keyboard- It's 16:9 only
,Recommended,254700,9310422,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Deep Subduction,Still really good to this day. There are some random glitches where parts are still not in HD. But overall fantasic and worth buying.
76561198085435240,Recommended,254700,9315742,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Doge,"Honestly its nostalgic to play RE4 again.remember playing on gamecube, Classics man keep them.Ps: ♥♥♥♥ing chainsaw sister's!!!PPs: Regenerator... nuff said..."
,Recommended,254700,9296898,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Juanny,"Its Resident Evil 4, Enough Said"
76561198083168110,Recommended,254700,9297488,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Big72Red,This was the first Resident Evil game i ever played (back in 2005 on the gamecube) and even to this day i enjoy playing it and the new graphics are amazing. It is 100% worth the price and dont wory if you never played the other resident evil games it talks very little about the previous games if you are worried about spoilers.
76561198059036225,Recommended,254700,9298441,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,dont blink 182,overall not a bad port.Little to no difference from any of the other versions so if you are expecting something new you should probably pass if you loved the game back on GC youll love it now. (if you are having frame rate issues there is a quick fixhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/254700/discussions/0/558749190670860732/)
,Recommended,254700,9299178,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Brynw,"One of my favourite games from childhood, I was very happy to see a HD rework available on the PC. Despite playing it through around 3 times on the Gamecube I am excited to play it again :)"
,Recommended,254700,9299239,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tang,¡Un forastero!
,Recommended,254700,9299560,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,GRIFFITHSU,of course this game bringing back memories and it has graphic options something the last port to pc lackedsure it has that slow motion glitch thing but still is pretty cool i actually wish they add a option to have the controls from the pc port before because the mouse isnt doing it for me otherwise great game
,Recommended,254700,9299901,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ytrain,where r my digital extras wen i prepurchsed it???
,Recommended,254700,9302302,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lezlie,"A solid game that stray away from the original formula that was used in previous Resident Evil games and that we knew and loved. The third person mechanic works well to still provide that horror game feel while being a little more action based. The HD update looks very nice in comparison to the original game and allows you to immerse yourself more into the game. While it doesn't contain any zombies, it is still a very solid game that you should definitely play (or even re-play). 8.5/10"
,Recommended,254700,9310986,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"GOOD:1. Good ol' gameplay of a classic RE that is far from what it has become, now on PC Steam.2. Better texture (though mostly unnoticeable.3. M&K support w/ flawless switch between M&K and controller interface.4. Everything included.BAD:1. Depending on your gfx card and settings, you may experience slow-motion like effects in areas where gfx become intense (i.e. explosion, fire and dust effects).2. Does not look like Cashcom actually optimized it for PC the way it should be.3. Option menu lacks serious depth. It's on PC, could've given us more options for mouse and gfx.4. (Not for everyone but for those who like achievements) The game could benefit from having a few more.5. Mouse and Keyboard to move and aim feels a bit clunky."
76561198100184274,Recommended,254700,9311005,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Richiemylove,my game is in slow motion.....does anyone know how to fix this? please help i love this game and want to play T-T
,Recommended,254700,9311111,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fric Eavinger,Still as good as when I first played it on Gamecube.
,Recommended,254700,9300306,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Herb Grizzle,"One of my favorite games ever so I had to buy it, everything looks wonderful in HD at 60fps. It would be nice if it had more modernized controls for the PC, the mouse is very clunky when trying to move the camera around, especially with the knife out which makes ammo conservation that much more difficult. I suppose with a little practice it will seem natrual, but a patch to smooth the controls would be delightful."
,Not Recommended,254700,12112499,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Holly,"Unplayable, looked like it was playing at a consistent 10 frames/second. The audio plays at normal rate, leaving the cutscenes out of sync. Buttons registered about 50% of the time. Playing on an AMD, not sure if that may be the reason for the very poor optimization."
76561198043586185,Not Recommended,254700,12127615,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Perfect Dragon Star Fish,"Capcom need to patch this because they have butchered this game, Outta Sync cut-scenes, laggy gameplay. I meet the recommented system requirements and even with all the settings down on the lowest, I can't actually play this game properly....Dont get me wrong Resident Evil 4 is a really good game and worth the £15 I paid for it, but yet again Capcom manage to muck up another port to pc. Dead Rising 2/Off The Record and now Resident Evil 4 gets poorly ported."
76561198025458817,Not Recommended,254700,12131080,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,The Sea Turtle?,"I expected that since I played this game on the gamecube what feels like a decade ago, it would run on my 2012 Dell Inspiron 17 with i5 processor and 8GB ram without much difficulty. This was not the case. Even on lowest settings with lowest FPS it is completely unplayable due to sluggish performance and inaccurate mouse/keyboard input.The actual game, as I played it on the gamecube, is excellent. It has very high replay value and I consider it the best of the resident evil series in terms of controls, story, environment, battle; pretty much every metric worth mentioning. If you are confident your computer can run this port well, you may be satisfied."
,Recommended,254700,23784092,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dugar (NS642),awesome game!
76561197970823749,Not Recommended,254700,22308994,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Sickbag,"one of the worst control systems I have ever used,unplayableand the slo mo is also a game killer"
,Recommended,254700,22370579,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,AllOutReaper,Can't say how many times i've beaten this game and on how many platforms.
76561198297519419,Recommended,254700,24224292,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BlackSmith,GOOD
76561198046652061,Recommended,254700,22096186,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Deez Nutz 69,I played this along time ago when i was yound and it made me scared even thinking about it but now i beat the game. There was only one thing that made me frustrated was a puzzle you will know what im talking about.
76561198130265524,Recommended,254700,20837419,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Lion-o Richie,one of the greatest resident evil's to date!
,Recommended,254700,16165842,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,IT’S HIGH NOON,"Best singleplayer Resident Evil in a series! And overall, great singleplayer horror game!"
,Recommended,254700,9293686,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mario Ad Noman,Yeah we have graphics but the aim issues if you don't own a Controller are hardIf they don't fix this i will be ♥♥♥♥ed because is too slowImprove that and this game will be the bomb!
,Recommended,254700,20796882,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,XXXtentacion,The best game i have ever played. iv beaten this on ps2 and xbox 20 times at least. this game will make you want to beat it 10 times and the music is perfect like re1 was. the only thing is idk which one is better re4 or re2..
,Not Recommended,254700,15421427,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,RavenousDash,"Resident Evil 4 is a great game, a total classic that redefined the survival horror genre for better or for worse. I mean, without RE 4 to pave the way we wouldn't have the RE 5 and 6 we have today, right? Hmm, okay I do have some problems with it and I do think it's overrated, but I still like it and can recommend it to anyone who hasn't played it yet.But my God, this is one awful, awful, awful, AWFUL port!It's beyond inconceivable that this game that looks the way it does has such high system requirements. GTX 560? 4GB of RAM? What? Why? How? It barely looks any better than the Gamecube version I played back in 2005! The steam store page promises upgraded textures on characters, backgrounds and objects. Yeah, on SOME of them. Most textures haven't been touched at all and stand out even more when next to their more defined counterparts. Let's see what other lies the store page has for us.""A complete visual overhaul has been performed to bring this revered title to the highest graphical quality ever.""What the ♥♥♥♥ are they talking about? There's no overhaul, and definitely not a ""complete"" one. This is just a now 10 year old game that's outfitted in 1080p with some very selective high-res textures (not even all that high-res either). There's also AA now, thank ♥♥♥♥. Doesn't make the game look any more dated. There's also a ""motion blur"" option. Ever wanted a game to make you feel like you're♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk? There ya go. Seriously, that is NOT motion blur! They added some filters too that look awful, but I guess it's harmless after all. And subtitles that don't work. Yeah, really! The subtitles option doesn't work. It's greyed out in the menu. You can only turn them on from the config files. Fantastic.Don't get me wrong, my problem isn't that the game looks old, that's okay with me. I do have a problem with the fact that it looks old yet still has such high requirements (again, GTX 560, what the hell) coupled with an engine that absolutely can't handle frame drops. One thing you're going along with constant 60fps, next thing you know you're in a room with a bit more effects going on and suddenly it's slow-mo city. Thinking about lowering the frame tresshold for such on occasion? Nope, can't do it during gameplay, only from the main menu! You can lower the resolution and hope that does the trick.Here's a pet peeve of mine. Obnoxious and ugly film grain effect that you can't turn off unless you mod it out. Stop doing that! I hate film grain, give me the option to turn it off!So it's a 10 year old game with very minimal updates that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you have the high requirements that it needs for some reason I can't even fathom. Face it, this game has no business being on pc with it's horribly un-optimised engine. You may say it's better than nothing, I say get any other version than this one. The Wii version has the same content, and though it doesn't run at 60 fps you won't have to worry about it going all matrix on you. Or you could just set it to 30fps, but what kind of scrub would do that, huh?"
,Recommended,254700,14482650,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Gamer strelok,I Love it <3!
,Recommended,254700,18659144,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Evanlift,"Whenever Capcom™ messes up they re-release this game.Jokes aside, fantastic game.P.S. LLLLLEEEEEEEEOOOOOOONNNNNN"
76561198060770339,Recommended,254700,18639383,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,PSYCHOROID,this is a game every player should have played at least once in his life
76561198083082892,Recommended,254700,19065853,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mr Positivity,Its alright
76561198004228218,Recommended,254700,10630667,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,WobbaWobba,ten outta ten JUST for the reloading animations. one of my favolrite games ever!
,Recommended,254700,10681517,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Legendjerry,One of the best games of All time.I recommend anyone who has not played this game to buy now and play it.
,Recommended,254700,10539307,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Omni628,Great game.  One of the best games from it's generation.
76561198340586280,Recommended,254700,29520058,Posted: 27 January,all,Dexie7,it wont work why is that?
,Recommended,254700,29328027,Posted: 17 January,all,xeatmytoastx,amazing game
,Recommended,254700,26211263,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chance,"bought this cause i borrowed a gamecube back in the day to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, I paid for this experience. the pc version here kinda sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you can uuse a controller somehow. I also think it looks a lot worse than it used to. ♥♥♥♥ nostalgia"
76561198305355134,Recommended,254700,28712844,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tindall,Love it
76561198119974771,Recommended,254700,31068639,Posted: 10 April,all,Stranger,GG
76561198012650669,Recommended,254700,26368746,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Schmenzel,Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up Ashley
76561198036595583,Recommended,254700,9384203,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SirNashor,a good port but not as good as the wii port but still worth it
,Recommended,254700,9378620,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Полсом,"Best version of this game to date, i highly doubt that resident evil 4 will ever get better. Even if you have played it before it makes the whole experience even better."
,Recommended,254700,20602611,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Scruffy,~_~
76561198056205823,Recommended,254700,15605434,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,origin_alpha,Come watch us play Resident Evil 4! Nostalgia!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvK-OfJKjIw5C8UcFPfNREXM9L44PT3u9
76561198207521564,Not Recommended,254700,25803893,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,hondatandat,This game brokened at Salasar's statue bridge!!! I has tryed so many times 😠😠😠😠😠😠 somebody help me!
,Not Recommended,254700,22213733,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,JuanDeage | CSGOKingdom.com,♥♥♥♥♥ON 3-3 LVL ITS CRASHED
76561197984369484,Recommended,254700,21225541,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Cinn,"“Insect lives don’t compare to human lives!”OK, first thing to get out of the way is the fact that the dialogue is atrociously camp and the characters are mere caricatures (not to mention oddly sexist, especially for 2005) – as if the whole thing was written by a teenage boy – but, like Star Wars’ wilful ignorance of science, politics, or military ranks, these things have become a hallmark of the series, and it wouldn’t feel like Resident Evil without them.Taking that into account, I really loved this game.  It gets everything right that, oddly, the more recent game, The Evil Within, by the same designer gets wrong.  The two games have plenty in common, but RE4 gets the balance right every time where TEW fails to do so.  They both have wonky controls, but they are just responsive enough in RE4 so that it doesn’t feel like the game is actively fighting you.  They both have challenging boss fights, but where in TEW you have to use the One Solution and can be one-shotted by almost every boss the moment you make a mistake, in RE4 you have options -- and because a boss has to hit you a few times to kill you, you can actually learn from your mistakes, backing off a bit to heal and/or switch weapons.  I find it much more dramatic to figure out how to defeat an enemy while fighting it than sitting on the load screen (or tabbing out to the internet) because my character was killed instantly for putting one foot in the wrong place.A related area where RE4 shines is its autosave points.  Unlike TEW, where defeat often meant having to replay whole sections of the game just to get back to the fiendishly difficult point, RE4 saves before every boss fight, as well as at other key points.  Not to mention the manual save points, which are spread out just enough to make you value them.  The pacing is also excellent, alternating betwen tense, life-threatening situations and calmer moments when you have a chance to explore the area.There is plenty of content in this game, ranging over a variety of settings.  Several times when I thought it was about to end, I was pleasantly surprised to find there was another chapter to follow – yet it never wears out its welcome.  This is partly to do with an expertly-designed progression of power.  The chances to improve Leon’s abilities and weapons are doled out at just the right pace, not giving you too much at once and forcing you to make choices, but not being miserly about it either.  Enemy difficulty ramps up at an appropriate pace as well, and although there were a few instances where it seemed to be unfairly challenging, after succeeding on a second attempt it all felt right – I never had that “how was I supposed to know to do that?” feeling.I could mention some minor niggles, like there being no hint anywhere that you have to aim to reload your weapon (why??), the inexplicable (though appreciated) dropping of ammo by foes with no firearms, or the fact that their houses are full of it, or the strange, persistent presence of a mysterious arms dealer who seems to be ignorant of all that’s going on around him (and who has plenty of weapons but not a single bullet for sale) – but those don’t hinder the gameplay at all.  My strongest complaint about the game is probably Leon’s ridiculous hairstyle, but if that makes it to the top of a problem list, you know the game itself has to be really good.The add-on missions that are unlocked when you first complete the game don't quite measure up to the main story: there's hardly any power progression and very little to buy with collected treasures, and there are one or two times where the game forces the character to take actions that make no sense, but none of that takes away from the main game.RECOMMENDATION: if you use kb & mouse and remap the keys to anything other than the default, I strongly recommend you edit the ini file(http://steamcommunity.com/app/254700/discussions/0/627456486960742247/)to change the QTE keys to something more convenient.  I use the arrow keys for movement, and I was able to change KEY_1 and KEY_2 to Left and Right so I didn’t even have to move my left hand."
,Recommended,254700,22155939,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Simban,"Shot snake, get chicken egg."
,Recommended,254700,22508912,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Goat,cool
76561198118271745,Recommended,254700,22444828,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags,Leonnnnnnn!!!! Helpppppp!!!
,Recommended,254700,22456001,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Goodfellas26,its a good game
,Recommended,254700,22486683,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Kangerkoo Jack,"Well, it looks HD..."
76561198081873782,Not Recommended,254700,20052225,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pure & Fur,Consistently crashes on Windows 10.
,Recommended,254700,31587467,Posted: 6 May,all,DJ Windows 98,"There's a reason Yahtzee Croshaw refers to this game as Resident Evil 4: The Only Good One. This game's damn good in its combination of survival horror, third person shooting, and hilariously campy story that seems to understand that Resident Evil's lore is as brainless and bloated as it is. I highly recommend you play this and then never consider playing another Resident Evil game (with possible exception to Resi 7 but that's hardly Resident Evil)."
76561198102939800,Recommended,254700,28923140,Posted: 1 January,all,RicinMuffins,The 100 ammo clip on the striker is a life saver at the end of the game.
76561198065098115,Recommended,254700,23807565,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xX_HELLISH_Xx,"Alright folks, I know that RE4 is the the best classic game of all time, butt [pun intended] the game is still the same looking. I just hope a remastered version like their doing with FF7 could make this game shine like the first time you played it a decade ago. Capcom needs to quickly learn that fans want remakes from them. i personally want a new Devil May Cry with the classic dante and not that thing that calls himself dante. Back to RE4, yeah u should buy it twice, thats how good it is. My rating 10/10 would bang.... i mean play again."
76561198165172404,Recommended,254700,25004318,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,biggie biggs,I can actually play this because I won't be distracted by jills♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,254700,23803945,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Potato Salad,good game is good
,Recommended,254700,25010319,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Draugen,best of the ''new'' resident evil games a must play if you havent!
,Recommended,254700,24965263,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,justsaydoh,"I like how Capcom didn't bother making cutscenes from Ada's Separate Ways missions HD.Other parts are fine, but not making completely HD is kinda annoying.Recommend to get in Sales Price."
76561198011415932,Recommended,254700,25004035,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Broseph Stalin,"I dont know why i bought it, i told myself i've beaten this game enough, i told myself my copy on the PS2 still works fine and probably contols better, i told myself i have tons of other games to play and am tired of zombie games, and yet i bought it"
76561198119924766,Not Recommended,254700,9367577,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kafir,"In a word:  Disappointing.While the storyline is good, the controls are absolute junk.  While it uses the WASD keys for movement the mouse only pans and requires entirely too much movement even when the sensitivity is cranked up.  There is no side-to-side movement, only rotation which makes trying to look in one direction while moving in another quite awkward.  “A” and “D” keys will rotate the player but nothing to sidestep.Aiming is done over the shoulder style with a laser sight, instead of through the sights as is standard on first person shooters.Moreover, you can not simultaneously move and shoot (or use knife).  You must aim, shoot, come off the sights, then move only to stop moving again in order to aim and shoot.  And just because you are looking straight at your enemy doesn’t mean your point of aim will be there when you do prepare to fire.  Expect to have to furiously pan around at times to figure out where your view rotated to.For those that have previously played the game on consoles and are looking forward to awkward controls, movement, and aiming, you may enjoy it.For someone who is used to more traditional controls and movement found in first person shooters, pass on this.  The unintuitive controls truly make for a miserable gameplay experience.  Instead of fighting enemies you spend your time fighting the controls.So as a result, the game has an entertaining storyline, but it is lost to the cumbersome controls that should have been updated to reflect the standard keyboard and mouse setup of a PC."
76561198098031369,Recommended,254700,22759758,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ILikeToBeTobe,10/10 SCARED OF SPAINS AGAIN
,Recommended,254700,22780984,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,𝕎𝕠𝕝𝕗𝕚𝕖,"it's still the best game of my whole life that i haven't played any game so cool like that yet.masterpiece from legendery shinji mikami that no one would forget it's revolutionary gameplay and it's lovelycharacters.i ain't gonna review the original game cause it's obviously known as the best survival horror game of all time.it's remastered well but you'll need at least 2015 medium system to play it at 60fps ,that's why there're so many negative reviews(so many complaints just for low performance)the game still looks charming in 30fps and there's nothing to prevent you from enjoying the moments.don't hesitate for buying it if you liked the game.the remaster is well made and it hopefully runs like a charmin both frame rates (60fps for mentioned systems)i hope this was helpful."
,Recommended,254700,22862727,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Headywon | Pineapple Pizza,"Works great on PC, highly recommended, only flaws seem to be lack of options from porting."
76561198138955613,Recommended,254700,22854797,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TonyTetris,One of my favorite games of all time.Played and beat on all these consoles listed:-Ps2-Ps3-PC-WiiA must play if you haven't already.
,Recommended,254700,22898622,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Johnsia,"Completed this on 4 different platforms, probably the best of RE series. I'd say this game deserves it10/10"
,Recommended,254700,22890336,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Zephyranthes,"Loved this game back in the day. First had it on PS2, then WII. Decided to buy it on PC not too long ago. This is one of those games that is just too much of a classic to not keep around.The controls feel really weird at first. I'm still trying to get used to them. Haven't clocked in too much time yet since I am playing a few other games right now. But this is everything I remember it to be but better."
,Recommended,254700,23807383,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Silencedsocom,Its Resident Evil 4. Its as awesome as ever.
,Recommended,254700,21130666,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,"A dumb and fun action game that has been able to hold up for being over 10 years, Resident Evil 4 was quite the player in creating a solid controling 3rd person shooter, as there are many weapons to use from the more expensive magnums to rocker launchers to a burst fire pistol after finishing the game and more. While its game play handles slow enough to feel like you know what you are doing wrong.Once you do understand when you should relocate, reload and switch weapons makes it seem like you can get around most of the obstacles that are thrown your way.   As for how the game looks visually should not be seen as much as a set back as most textures have not been replaceable and is a product of its time.The amount of time you could spend in a single playthrough could take more then 16 hours with how you see more after the main game, it gives to you also side missions and a game mode called mercenaries that adds a survival mode to offer content after finishing the main game.Visuals: 4 out of 5Gameplay: 4 out of 5Length: 5 out of 5"
76561198254315062,Recommended,254700,32833610,Posted: 26 June,all,"OwO""",E M I L Y  I S  A N N O Y I N G .
,Not Recommended,254700,15145371,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ninjagamer9257,I can't get past chapter 1-2. The game shows major drops in fps and the screen goes to white static with the battle music. Then it goes to the merchant's screen after I exit that it goes back to the white static and battle music.
,Not Recommended,254700,24595926,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,『sumgai』,"This game marked my childhood. I bought it again for nostalgic purposes. However just 10-15 minutes into the game, a little after the first village, the game would always crash. I have tried many ways to try and fix it, but they were always to no avail. I love this game to death and it pains me to give it a bad review, but a patch for this, even if it is relatively old, would be very, very appreciated."
,Not Recommended,254700,24603490,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[NudistBeach]xAquacomand3r_xXx,"Great, AMAZING game! Dont get me wrong! Still love it! Only problem is that this is the ""Ultimate HD Remake"" But I cant even play it with HD graphics without getting horrible screan tearing... Still the proud owner of the GC version..."
,Recommended,254700,9294337,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,"this game is gud, you get to fight hispanic dota 2 players"
,Recommended,254700,11280350,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Anterk,"Resident Evil 4 is one of my favorite games of all time, and the PC controls make a good game better. Playing with a mouse is a great improvement over a thumbstick.The QTEs (Quick Time Events) have been made easier. In previous versions, the QTEs would involve a random set of buttons each time you faced a QTE event. This meant that, if you missed one input while running from a boulder and were then curshed by the boulder, you would have no idea what buttons you would need upon respawn to succeed, and might die agian to the same QTE. For RE4 on Steam, however, the QTEs have been adjusted to be the same for each singular instance. There is no way to eliminate the QTEs from the game, however.The RE4 options menu is surprisngly basic, but if you have a low-end machine you should be able to manage 30fps with ""classic"" textures (the same way the game ran on the Gamecube).Gameplay:http://youtu.be/lfs85XRMC6Y"
,Recommended,254700,33015358,Posted: 29 June,all,HOOBASTANK,nostalgia
76561198109444012,Recommended,254700,27718368,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Danielka❤❤❤,Very good game! One of the best horror games I played!
,Recommended,254700,27734736,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lifelesslump,"""Ah! I'll buy it at a high price!""I wonder how many copies I own of this game... Anywho one of my favorite games of all time.Ever."
,Recommended,254700,27743494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Der Führer,"I have owned this game on PS2, Gamecube, Wii, and PC and it's fun everytime I play it."
,Recommended,254700,27758593,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Doctor Salvador,"It's good, play it."
76561198314617603,Recommended,254700,28193143,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Ronin,I simply love this game ive had it since i was young on every platform available from the game cube to my pc now. this game has amazing replay value and never gets old. It is a must buy for any resident evil fan or horror fan in general.
76561198128626010,Recommended,254700,28210526,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,some random asshole,Leon help!
76561198070406577,Recommended,254700,9320237,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,PBGAM3R14,"This game is extremely fun, I had to beat it around 75 times on the PS2. The game is not beautiful by any means. But the combat is fun. It is sad that some cut scenes look like copy and paste from the orignal game from 2005. Overall the game is no different than any other versions, but it is still fun to go for speed runs of the game. Overall I would give this port a 8/10."
,Recommended,254700,23639278,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Splartski,I've played this game through on 4 different systems now including computer. I enjoyed the pc version and I played this through using an Xbox 360 controller so I cannot comment on the keyboard/mouse controls but if you're an avid fan of the game like I am and have a contoller or are willing to try the keyboard/mouse  then pick this gem up and play it through again!PS: I had no issues with any crashes or glitches the game ran flawlessly.
,Recommended,254700,24921510,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jetti,version 6
,Not Recommended,254700,12100684,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,sektor adrianus exterminatus,lags like hell
76561198079353081,Recommended,254700,20677397,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sideburns,Game runs good just how I remember it from GameCube. I would recommend using a xbox 360 controller rather than mouse and keyboard. Because the mouse and keyboard don't control you lik you think they should. Original gets 10/10 this remake gets a 9/10
76561198154793876,Recommended,254700,23995374,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,pizzawars97,"Resident Evil 4 is one of my favorite games of all time, I've put in countless playthroughs and have purchased it on nearly every platform excluding Wii. This is the definitive version in my opinion. The remaster made what was originally a pretty abysmal port into the best way to play it. The ""modern"" control setting is greatly appreciated and makes aiming with a mouse very enjoyable. The only flaw I could find happens during the fight with Del Lago. The aiming reticle is so sensitive that it's nearly unplayable. Turning the aiming mode back to classic and turning the sensitivity all the way down did nothing to help. I've played nearly every version of the game and have never encountered this problem. Other than that, the game runs wonderfully and has never looked better."
76561198120661062,Recommended,254700,24029718,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vildrath,This is the only game in which i would keep going back to i have completed it so many times since its realese in 2004 i have lost count. i have played this game that much that i know where every little tresure and little secret is even with not playing for years i could come back and still be able to find every little secret. i would definitely give it a 10/10 as i love the resident evil series on a whole except from resident evil 6 that was the most downhill it had ever been.
,Recommended,254700,24031157,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rokku,"This game is available for pretty much every device these days, so you might already have played it. But for me, the main reason for getting the Steam version was that it runs at 60 fps. Seriously, I have played this game on three different consoles during the past 10 years and now that I finally got to play it in 60 fps, it felt great. Framerates do make a difference, people!IF you are one of those who never played RE4, well it's one of the most influental games of its generation and you can still see the effect it's had on 3rd person shooters today. It's not as impressive today as it was when it was first released on the GameCube, but it's still a great game that everyone who likes action/horror should get."
76561198039363045,Recommended,254700,23977565,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hisoka,This is the Big Cheese of resident evil.
76561198086236425,Recommended,254700,24001985,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tomizaky,"After all these years, it is still an enjoyable experience to play this game."
76561198092437151,Recommended,254700,24031091,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Preacher,"its a classic, simple as that"
76561198119937289,Recommended,254700,23892520,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Angry Roof Rat,2016 First time I have played this game. Enjoyed it. Big game. As others have said once you get used to the controls the game plays well. Graphics are still good and I encounted no glitches etc. Just over 45 hours of game play for me first time through. Awsome game.
,Recommended,254700,23926318,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HolySorrow,"Clearly one of the best PS2 games ever released, and we got the chance to play it in PC.. Yes, the controller is a bit different and takes time to get used to, but the game experience is equally satisfying. A huge game with massive replay value, 3 different difficulties, 3 side missions, unlockable weapons and costumes. One of my all time favorite games and a classic in PS2 material."
,Recommended,254700,23942216,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Huell Babineaux,"RE4 contains some wonderful memories of me playing it in PS2. 10/10 would buy. much wow, so nostalgic."
76561198155965732,Recommended,254700,23973528,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,拖延症克星,操作太魔性了，一旦适应了根本停不下来
,Recommended,254700,23975276,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Derp,"Ah! The choice of an avid game collector.It's a 𝘯𝘪𝘤𝘦 game, stranger."
76561198075465231,Recommended,254700,23752768,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ElderCaster,Essential Resident Evil Purchase right here.
,Not Recommended,254700,23912199,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Quotation-Dono,------------Disclaimer----------if you own a gaming pc or laptop capable of running this 60fps and don't mind being anchored to xbox 360 controllers and mouse and keyboard then this game is for you----------------------------------OK now thats out the way......The Good-60fps (only if you can handle it)-re4 proper port for keyboard and mouse users and xbox 360 controllersThe Bad-HD right.... Dolphin emulation is more HD than this-xbox lacks customizable controls-god who ever 'updated' this must hate DinputThe Ugly-Still terribly optimized (seriously I much rather pull out my wii copy and emulate it on dolphin bad)-Ubisoft port team did'nt port it drunk and decide to screw Dinput users (the Ubisoft port gives you standard re4 aiming controls on Dinput I.E. Left stick aims not right stick) seriously capcom WTF....THIS IS YOUR GAME
,Recommended,254700,23946454,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Paul,"One of the best games of all time, hands down, no questions asked. If you find this game for less than 10 bucks then there's no reason you shouldn't buy it. Hell, if you don't own it, just buy it, it's that good. Seriously, I've played through this game 20+ times and I'll still come back to it in the future for another run through of this action packed, spine-chiliing, pickle-tickling, Los Illuminados-slaying,♥♥♥♥♥♥throbbing, ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece of a videogame. Games like this are the reason why God put us on this planet; to quote the Lord himself on the subject: Genesis 1:28 ""God blessed them and said to them 'be fruitful and make Resident Evil 4' "" and so man created Resident Evil 4, the most ♥♥♥♥ing cash money game of all time. This game holds a special place in my heart, just as it should in your heart as well. So do yourself a favour and buy this game, you won't be disapointed."
,Recommended,254700,25515323,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,"This game is actual, literal perfection. The port is a bit more intensive than it should be though, so if you have a potato then that's why it acts funny.You're small time."
76561197970320868,Not Recommended,254700,14272032,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,sizer99,"If you love Resident Evil and loved playing this years ago, then this will be some nice nostalgia.If you've never played, then this is a really bad game in 2015.  The controls are horrible, everything is brown and grey, the plot is complete gibberish, the dialogue and voice acting are rubbish, and the astounding number of instant-death quicktime events is infuriating.If you've never played this before, don't bother now. Its time has passed."
76561198068055935,Not Recommended,254700,26483483,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,explosivegoh,"great game, but a bad port for a 9 years old game"
76561198162820360,Recommended,254700,26013636,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,First in Charge,So much nostalgy.
,Recommended,254700,31479485,Posted: 30 April,all,PoTaTo,"Recommended only if you did not play the previous versions, because it does not change much, except for the textures in HD (which are not very HD) and the 60 frames, which is buggy!if you want to play the game and have a true HD experience, test the this project here (http://www.re4hd.com)It is showing very promise."
,Recommended,254700,31501455,Posted: 2 May,all,Sk83rBoi87,"gud game, much buy"
,Recommended,254700,31450824,Posted: 29 April,all,Superpan21,"This PC version is even better than the original Gamecube version, and it's a huge step up over the 2007 PC release.Bottom line: There is no denying that this game is the best Resident Evil game yet, and a historically significant game in general. It was excellent back then, and it still holds up. It's one of the shining gems the Gamecube has to offer."
,Recommended,254700,31438458,Posted: 29 April,all,DON AXOLOTL,"Port is not perfect but still playable, playing using an XBOX controller is recommended. Logitech works too but will leave you frustrated during the QTEs because instead of using the buttons' corresponding logo (A, B, X, Y, RT/LT, RB/LB) they use goddamn numbers.This might seem like a minor annoyance at first but it can and will cost you a lot of deaths.A giant monster is pummeling me and you expect me to remember which buttons are numpad 6 and 8?Also I don't know which is weaker, Steam's VAC or this game's voice acting.Still, those who were born just in time to play this gem in the original version 10 years ago will appreciate the nostalgia, and those born too late will appreciate how they make games in those good old days."
76561198077835416,Recommended,254700,33888639,Posted: 29 July,all,CoolRambo,Awesome game. Still playing it in 2017 and probably will play it again in the future. Really good game in the Resident Evil univers.
,Recommended,254700,16785167,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Amaterasu,"If you listen closely, everytime you use a green herb, you can hear snoop dogg saying ""Smoke Weed Everyday""......."
,Recommended,254700,28509652,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,InfamousDagger,"If you're looking for a scary game that will freak you out untill you crap yourself. This game is for you. I'm serious, I played this game for a long time. On my PS2 I beat it like 5 times, and I could play it again. It's a lot better than Resident evil 5 and 6.  And it's only for 7 bucks. Thats a fine price stranger."
76561198049464804,Not Recommended,254700,30215221,Posted: 27 February,all,Säkura Republic❁❥,"Awesome game on console, but not for PC.Do not recommend to play this on steam.if you really wanna enjoy BIOHAZARD series, go to buy PS3 or 4."
76561198000855652,Recommended,254700,29268703,Posted: 15 January,all,(hk)Rendar,"One of the best resident evil games ever made, I played it originally on the gamcube when it first came out so I guess I'm biased....."
,Recommended,254700,33108613,Posted: 1 July,all,sSpirit,"A fantastic PC port. The new HD textures aren't really that great but a mod (RE4 HD Project) remedies that.The keyboard and mouse controls are extremely fluent, the mouse aim being even better than the Wii version."
76561198001712663,Not Recommended,254700,15237746,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,zako,"Great game, horrible remake. If you like errors, and terrible framerate issues. This is the game for you!"
76561198085369008,Recommended,254700,29081593,Posted: 7 January,all,illectric,"""Come back anytime.Hehehehe,thank you."""
,Recommended,254700,22914420,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Spurs. #2 Kawhi Leonard,Always been a classic ever since first playing the game on Nintendo Gamecube when I was a kid except for the extra content and the HD Graphics which is a big plus. 10/10
76561198203864773,Not Recommended,254700,24809725,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,snale_whale_666,The game kept crashing at the end of the first chapter. I tried to get a refund from Steam after going through all the troubleshooting and they didn't want to give me one.
76561198143530384,Recommended,254700,27154813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Simplejack,"Best of the best, anywhere anytime10/10 will go one-man army again"
76561198153318344,Recommended,254700,27167645,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirRandomSnake,Controller is a must-have for this game.8.5/10
76561198084370009,Recommended,254700,34024069,Posted: 4 August,all,Nox Dominus,"Warning before getting this game:  slow motionGood thing is there are ways to fix it in the Discussions section.This is by far the best Resident Evil game that has a good blend of horror as well as action.  If you're into Lovecraft I an horror,  then good news,  the infected here are similar to the slimy eldritch horrors.  Those who are younger should really really play this so you can see resident evil is more than unnecessary QTEs of Re6 and the ridiculousness of Chris punching boulders."
,Recommended,254700,24681363,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sam Slimy,this game's story is a load of sh*t
,Recommended,254700,24699952,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bluetorch41,im not sure whats with mine its probalby just my computer but when ever i play it the game is agonizingly slow to turn or move the mouse even when i set the sensatvity to all the way up to 30 and even if im using a controller i try to set the button configuration on how i like it but when ever i hit enter to change it it does nothing
76561198007105351,Recommended,254700,24680749,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SanchezBeDirty,best game in the series i have played this on every platform and still love it 10/10
,Recommended,254700,23958531,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr.Flux,"Resident Evil 4 was an instant classic when it came out, and I have to say, it still holds that title to this day. You could really tell the developers cared about making this game and did their best to make it as best as they could.This game is jampacked with memorable moments, characters, and hilariously intentional cheesy one liners from our main character, Leon. This game's story captivates all the cheesy cliches from any hollywood action movie, and uses them to their advantage by its self-awarness and overall goofy tone.At moments, it can be serious, but it will then flip on a dime and become goofy again, which is one of its best qualities."
,Recommended,254700,21843828,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Dr. Grym,I used my Chicago Typewriter to write this review. It took severally tries to speel everythink corectly.
,Not Recommended,254700,34434537,Posted: 23 August,all,Sakata_Gintoki,"There Plus and Minus,+ Still Nice Gameplay+ Better Graphic+ Still Nice Mechanism+ Still Nice Sound Design- There a Lot Bug- There a Lot Crash- Need Third Party Setting/App for remove the Crashes"
76561198070746112,Not Recommended,254700,34538604,Posted: 27 August,all,Ludibriado,crash simulator
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,254700,18822660,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,"Before saying anything else, Resident Evil 1,2, and 3 are some of my favorite games of all time.  I've played them countless times over the years.  I even bought the Game Cube years ago to play the RE1 remaster, which made a cool game nearly perfect.Then you have Resident Evil 4.....I first played it on the Game Cube, liking the story but hating the controls.  2 years later it came out on PC - I hated the controls even more because the port was absolute crap.  This HD version looks better but still handles like crap.  I can't stand the controls at all. Leon seems to be right in the way of seeing much of the enemies onscreen.  Naysayers will argue this adds to the tension, but when I have to take a few shots, walk away, turn around, and then aim again that sucks in every way possible.  And speaking of aiming, having to aim first before reloading is just plain stupid.My greatest complaint about this game, however, is that it is the ""crossover"" game from the older style RE games where there was heavy puzzle solving into a straight up action game.  There are barely any puzzle solving elements in this game to be had.  This was also the start of the absolutely dreaful and game-breaking QTEs, and I will curse the inventor of that game play element for the rest of my life.  I also felt the story line started going way over the top in this game and realism was basically thrown out the window which kind of killed the experience.  Defending Ashely is a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and she completely sucks as a companion, being a completely helpless little yuppie dork princess that she is.On the bright side....The atmosphere is very good, especially with the cult in the old castle, and it definitely has some intense moments.  The campaign is simply huge and you will get your money's worth there.  I also always liked Leon's character from RE2 where he was just a rookie, and you see him here tougher and more experienced.It's  not my favorite RE by any means, and looking back I don't understand how it was viewed as being the greatest game of the year when it came out in 2005 but I can't say that I didn't enjoy it enough to replay it a few times.  I'll recommend it based on the scope of what it tries to achieve and the creepiness of the cult in the game, but be prepared for some horrid controls."
76561197998141910,Recommended,254700,12472332,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CertainMystique,"The sound has been desyncing every time a metallic sound plays like the knights moving around. The game goes in to slow motion every time I close the inventory, even after turning aliasing off completely and lowering the details to medium or low. The game crashed on me after the 25 minute Kruaser/Helicopter part as I tried to enter the building leaving that area. Not worth the money, go buy this for 5 dollars at game stop on x-box 360 and call it a day. I know its not my PC because its brand new not even a month old. Built for gaming. The crash only happened the one time and I made it through the game so I will change to a recommend because its a great fun game, not really scary though. Also the sound problem may have been fixed by something I had to download for the voice acting to work on the evil within I'll find out next time I play through on pro I guess. Don't buy the evil within on PC, good game bad PC version"
76561198115497313,Recommended,254700,13482652,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Funhouse,"A classic with all the extras! 5/5 game. The graphics still look new and the audio is great. This is the best version of the game. This is the best resident evil and overall a good game. This really feels like a standalone resident evil, you dont need to know anything to play this game! Lots of free roam options and customizing. This game still feels brand new. I suggest you buy it, it is very scary and has so many different themes and location settings.5/5.Some say they hate the controls but I dont understand, the controls are perfect. maybe they are used to first person shooters. After 5 minutes of playing your not even gonna think about them."
76561197993587514,Recommended,254700,23389641,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sausagemaker,Turns around for 5 seconds to fend off Gandos...LEON HEEEEEELPPPPP!!!!
,Recommended,254700,23391737,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,R3DMEMO,One of the best games ever made. thumbs up?? for you 2. if i had em lol
76561197976321589,Recommended,254700,9779319,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,element,One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,254700,34342969,Posted: 18 August,all,♥ Seiko-Chan ♥,"My childhood days are back, thank you for the sale for me to get this... It's been a while since the ps2 era :D"
76561198056516209,Recommended,254700,18909376,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Eskillz,"Wow. Just, wow. This has to be one of the best games that i have ever played.Pros:+ Delicious gunplay+ Fantastic pacing+ Memorable boss fights and encounters+ Great graphics (for the time)+ Really long for an action game (12-15 hours)+ Great mix of horror and action+ The merchant (yes, the merchant truly deserves his own pro)+ Juicy headshotsCons:- The Ashley A.I. can be annoying at times. Plus the fact that she's helpless doesn't help either- Extremely inflated system requirements. Seriously, a game that's almost 11 years old should run on a potato. A few updates models and textures here and there shouldn't ♥♥♥♥in' require a mid-high spec PC.- Even though it's marketed as a fully 60FPS running game, a few animations are still locked to 30FPS. To name a few, the sniper reload animation, a few enemy movements and most fire/explosions effects. Not a huge problem, but slightly annoying and comes across as a bit lazy.- The quick time events, good god the quicktime events. They're everywhere and you can never sit back to watch a cutscene. If you don't have the capability of pressing the x button atleast 10 times per second, you're screwed.- It's locked to 60FPS. Just a reminder for people with 120/144hz monitors. I tried to lift the cap in the game files, but the game becomes ridiculously unstable.An absolute must-play. Any problems listed are only small gripes. 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,19432237,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Len cs.money,"The game is crashing alot. other than that it runs well and looks better than the gamecube version (lol, obviously) but it sucks because its basically unplayable. Please make an update that way ill write a positive please i love this game. Sometimes the game freezes my computer and its getting pretty annoying at this point."
,Recommended,254700,34552755,Posted: 28 August,all,Stink,Love this game xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,254700,22731457,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Atheos,"One of the best games of all time, updated for todays technology, would recommend to any one who plays game on PC!"
,Recommended,254700,22716812,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,FinnMcWinkle,no zombies...-0/0F-
76561198296266063,Recommended,254700,22736170,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Long Louis,Great game. I remember playing this on the Nintendo Wii way back. Brings back nostalgia just playing it :)!!!!
,Recommended,254700,29930052,Posted: 14 February,all,Shadoware,Best Resident Evil so far
,Recommended,254700,18646907,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Dr. Badnews,The horrible controls made this game one of the best games ever lol
76561198348666533,Not Recommended,254700,35118613,Posted: 21 September,all,m.gáifeach,"Do not buy this game. It just won't stop crashing. I tried the steps recommended below but it didn't solve anything. It's BS that steam hasn't fixed this.The following is the advise given to stop the crash which did not work for me:WBacon [capcom]  [developer]	12 Apr, 2014 @ 12:44pmPotential crash solutionHi there -Just creating a separate, sticky thread for higher visibility regarding crashes.Through our official beta patch threads, we've been advising users to temporarily turn off the anti-virus software if they experience consistent crashes in sections such as the Ch. 3-1 castle water room and Ch. 1-3 swamp area.Here's a recent example from a user who use BitDefender:Originally posted by DarkRoad09:Problem fixed. no crash in the castle so far. I went to bitdefender--->settings/antivirus/ set ""on access scanning"" to off, and set ""active virus control"" to off. now game is working fine.And here's a snip from the official beta thread:Reproducible CrashesIf you are experiencing crashes repeatedly in the same area (such as the swamp area), there is a chance that your anti-virus software may be deleting important game files or simply preventing the game from accessing certain files. If so, please try the following steps in order to isolate the issue:1) Disable or temporarily shut down the anti-virus software2) Open Steam client, right-click on Resident Evil 4 from Library, and select Properties3) Click Local Files tab and select 'Verify integrity of game cache...""4) Once the verification process completes, launch the game and verify if the crash still occurs (make sure to keep the anti-virus software turned off during this test)Please also check the following two Steam Support articles which covers crashes as it relates to anti-virus software and other 'hidden' Windows processes that may interfere with the game and/or Steam client.1. Programs Which May Interfere with Steam2. Antivirus software reports Steam games are maliciousPlease let us know if this solved your problem. Thanks!"
76561198281122336,Recommended,254700,28732440,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Chavlosk,Very fun and soothing
,Recommended,254700,28768881,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kcr,EXCELENTE JUEGO!
,Recommended,254700,28731589,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪ISAACB890,This is by far one of the best Resident Evil games i have ever played. If you are thinking of getting it i would highly recommend it.
,Recommended,254700,28765751,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lyntorredez992,Good Game..
,Recommended,254700,16538273,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BluntMan,very good game no bugs at all recommended brings back old memories of the old resident evil franchise LOVE IT!
76561198398529480,Recommended,254700,34413388,Posted: 22 August,all,Endertheii5,"This review is for the developers,i like this game,im being honest but somehow in a limited time when i play the game for some minutes it then crashes,please fix this but i still like this game,Toodles"
,Recommended,254700,19957553,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,keksz #ripchester,the last true masterpiece in the RE series. great game!!
76561197991174151,Recommended,254700,20021367,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,hbug,lovin it!!!
,Recommended,254700,20019722,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gorgeous Impact,pull the trigger kill the spaniards
76561198096878440,Recommended,254700,20014080,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KrypT,Best Game ever.
,Recommended,254700,29107667,Posted: 7 January,all,Lake333GLD,"I think this is the BEST game in a RE universe ever created! RE5 and Revealations are good too, but they do not have such a great atmosphere and gameplay."
,Recommended,254700,10250435,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RoseWolfzPrime,TO PEOPLE WHO ARE DEALING WITH INSTANT CRASH ON WINDOWS 10 THIS IS HOW YOU FIX!Go toC:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Resident Evil 4\Bin32Right click bio4 Run as windows 8 and disable fullscreen optimizations (DONT RUN AS ADMIN YOU WILL GET A ERROR SAYING *STEAM NEEDS TO BE RUNNING*
,Not Recommended,254700,35209965,Posted: 25 September,all,Zoly,Love the game but the PC version is plagued with constant crashing.
76561198157156910,Recommended,254700,16549751,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chinesebandit,great clasic
76561198240894442,Recommended,254700,22140065,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sinister_Ways,"Very fun game with good replay value for a singleplayer only game because unlocking guns and different story missions after completing the main one gives players a reason to do multiple playthroughs. Being able to play as a different character is a great implementation in a game because it gives players multiple perspectives of different scences in the story. Gunplay and gun upgrades feel very satisfying by giving players a choice to use the same weapon and upgrade it or sell it to use a different one.  Not being able to run and shoot mixed in with horror has made the resident series stand out from other ones (exluding Resident Evil 6) because it forces players to be accurate when shooting their weapon. The gameplay builds off of that aspect by making weakspots on enemies rewarding by staggering them when shot in thier weakspot a number of times. I have personaly bought this game numerous times first time on ps3, second time when they released an HD version on ps4, and third time on the PC. This game is a personal favorite of mine that i love to play and continue to play every so often because its just damn fun! I recommend this game even at full price because its a damn good game that is fun to play and has plenty of content to keep people occupied making this game a real gem in my steam library so far."
76561198183906667,Not Recommended,254700,21352981,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,cjudge1966,The controls are about as good as QWOP. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,254700,17098384,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Dippin Dots,"As a huge fan of this game on other platforms, I was really disappointed by how badly this was ported over. Audio kept de-syncing, the lag was unbearable (even on lowest graphic settings and windowed), and the controls were awful.0/10 while I would recommend this game to friends, I would suggest they play one of the console versions rather than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port."
76561198025467542,Not Recommended,254700,17098890,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Dave Christian,"xbox controller movement is a nightmare, makes the game unplayable 3/10"
76561198234680728,Not Recommended,254700,17107041,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,jakehud333,the fps are horrable!!!
76561198217503931,Not Recommended,254700,20982368,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,sethammerer,cool bought he game and it only runs 15 minutes at a time WOOO. 0/10hands down my favorite game. this really is a bummer...
,Not Recommended,254700,21045962,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sixxs,Game constantly crashes every 5-15 minutes on most Windows 10 configurations with no solid community or developer fix available. Highly recommend avoiding the game until a proper fix is found.Months on - the crash issues are still occuring. Truly a shame considering the game itself is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,254700,35241582,Posted: 27 September,all,omaribdah,cdf
,Recommended,254700,14120453,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Prospero666,One of the ten best games ever made.The best survival horror game ever made.Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,254700,32944122,Posted: 28 June,all,HeilFalcon,Best game ever I've played in my whole life.
76561198396883581,Recommended,254700,32972422,Posted: 28 June,all,JohnSanta,Its Good Game
76561198202064357,Recommended,254700,32980329,Posted: 29 June,all,Tsu-,ntap soul !
76561198047685041,Recommended,254700,23726543,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Boosted,Good survival action zombie game. Rating: 9/10.I gave it a 9 because of Ada Wong.  ^___^
,Recommended,254700,34628020,Posted: 31 August,all,Sin,I don't know why I keep coming back to this game
,Not Recommended,254700,34343245,Posted: 18 August,all,Catmints,my stance on resi 4 is its a great game that everyone should play how ever the steam version is poorly optimized and riddled with bugs that has caused me to have to restart the game multiple times if you happen to have a ps2 id suggest you just get the original the hd quality is not worth it
,Recommended,254700,23822849,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,HCoward,10 out of 10Absolutely biased. Yeah I love this game.
,Recommended,254700,23826252,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dragon_blade,What can i say about this game... first of allw hat i played.Played on easy mode started on normal may do professional haven't decided yet..All blue coins collected most of the treasure collected i missed like 1 or 2 things due to the fact that i didn't know areas became inacesseble after a certain plot point..Played some of the extra missions with ada (she is bad a** btw)Scare factor in this game is next to minimal it has a few jump scares but thats about it ... im looking at you guy in the furnace. :/  It is still worth playing though the only parts i wasn't fond of was with ashley  the fact that you can shoot her and kill her your self nakes things hard.She sometimes gets in your way and you just end up wanting to kill her anyways. ;)  Thankfully the parts without her make up fo that.Exploration is key in this game explore evry part of the map there could be treasure worth a lot of money and or much needed ammo. Speaking of ammo if you can avoid a lot of the stuff or knife things down you will want that ammo during boss fights and other stronger enemies. try not to use healing herbs and or sprays much you can pick up chicken eggs and stuff like that to help you heal.I have not played a resident evil game since nemesis (a long time ago)  I have fond memories of that game being scary. I was expecting to get scared around almost every corner of this game but sadly it did not happen as i said already it only has a few jump scares and when you know they re there it becomes not scary anymore. So the scare factor to this game runs off quick.It was still a decent game though so if you haven't played one of these in awhile it is worth picking up. Lot's of replay value as well.
,Recommended,254700,28660598,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[Intrapulation],It's Resident Evil 4. Buy it.
,Recommended,254700,28657004,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Slavic Psycho,love it
,Recommended,254700,35046803,Posted: 18 September,all,Dixeyboy96,great game....loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,254700,9285608,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Solaire the Streetwise,"The good ol' Resident Evil 4 in 1080p60, with somewhat improved textures, and several screen FX for additional RE5/RE6 style feels. The only thing i wanted is 60 legit FPS, and that alone is enough to make me happy.Delightful."
76561198017018233,Not Recommended,254700,9288150,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,gorby.birch,"i really wanted to like this game but the controls just don't quite cut it.  using A and D to turn feels very un-intuitive, and for my keyboard, i can't even turn right while running (shift+W+D doesn't register as a command or something).  plays fine on a controller except for the fact that you can't change the stick sensitivity.  i know it just came out, but it's kind of disappointing that they took the time to add in HD textures and improve the frame rate (both things that didn't have much bearing on the game experience in the first place) but not update the controls to be more in tune with other PC games.  i don't doubt that this can be fixed in a future patch or update, but for the time being this is not a great port of the game.  :("
,Recommended,254700,14364789,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shibohabengudendarf,LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! LEON! HELP ME LEON! ASHLEY WAIT!!! MR. KENNEDY!!!.....Oh Leon
76561198042683823,Not Recommended,254700,9288369,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MannyFresh,"I would recommend this game to you guys, but not for the PC. The controls for this game new a lot of work. Also the game does not feel like it runs smoothly. Whenever I run, it feels like I'm walking. Whever I walk, it feels like I barely move. It rarely has a point where it actually feels like it is not lagging. This game is wonderful but until the controls and gameplay gets fixed, i'll stick to the PS2 version."
,Recommended,254700,26118478,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"Away with the irrational fan-love. Bring the real love which is more productive even if they don't listen.When Resident Evil had a real name, the fourth installment made it clear to gaming that survival can only be made with a good map, some life organizer inventory, ultra-violence and tension leaving you scared sh*tless and a interesting plot to back it all up. On PS2 glory days, graphics were already good but with those HI-Res textures, RE4 just got some rightful restorative treatment. It isn't a revival or something, the zombies were only sent to some nice relaxing spa. They still angry though, the feeling to have many half-smart zombies (which is scarier than the full ret@rded ones) coming so slowly close to you, the darkness all around... it all still leaves a heavily armed ex-cop feeling like a girlie about to get r@ped in the woods - its all stills there. It's still hard, it still mature. Stills ultra-violent.For my incredible surprise, it is still scary enough too. The plot was simple at first, but complex through it and full of interesting turning-points like every Biohazard before that. Never played it? Don't think twice.You will have some problems with the joystick on the gameplay, but they implemented some variations on the options. You just need to explore that until you feel confortable with it and start tweaking from there.This is the last great Resident Evil and I used to be a fan.But if Capcom now thinks that I'm going to love anything thrown at my face just because it bares ""Resident"" on its title, they must think I'm a b*tch and I'm not. Specially when they spell it wrong. Resident Evil Revelaitions anyone? That's sad."
,Recommended,254700,9286272,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,NastyBoi,"Having owned this game on every console it was available on, watching the visuals get progressively better, I decided to see how much Capcom could improve from the HD versions on the PS3 & 360 on my new System. First of all I can run it at maximum settings on my temporary GTX 760, so at a guess even lower end systems should be able to run it no problem. Obviously this is a game that was made for older platforms but with the new high quality textures & the smoother 60fps it just looks absolutely amazing. If you are a massive of Resident Evil 4 like me & have been wanting a proper PC version of the game, this is definitely for you!10/10"
76561198066553474,Not Recommended,254700,12223104,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Trustno1,"Resident evil 4 is an AWESOME game on the PS2.......ON THE PS2!!!!on PC however it is a mess.Now im no tec, but i know HD when i see it, and Res 4 HD for PC is a lie!!as for game play, well where to start. IF your playing with contoller (which is best) i suggest you stick to it but no matter, this game will betray you with slow rotation. If you go with keyboard the game will fail you with handling.whatever you go for your game will betray you when you you reach level 4-3 when you jump out the mines and your player refuses to respond to either and thus leaves you to die...FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER...that is unless you find a cheat to skip the level.... good luck."
,Not Recommended,254700,9288625,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Reznik,buy at your own risk some users are suffering slow downs that make the game unplayable. Checked to see if it is fixed otherwise avoid.
,Not Recommended,254700,34375571,Posted: 20 August,all,Rick,Frames per second was terrible for me regardless of video options. I couldn't even play it.
76561198160966603,Not Recommended,254700,29974912,Posted: 16 February,all,nesslucas101,"I was having great fun with the game, but I've hit a brick wall because of the terrible port. The game crashes every 3 minutes. I wasn't having any issues until now, and I'm too far in to request a refund. I've tried everything that people recommend online, and nothing has helped. It's not worth the hassle - just don't bother."
,Not Recommended,254700,9772541,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,ChaseFace,"Great game, but seriously Capcom, get on those patches.I've had 45 minutes of straight gameplay where I suffered massive framerate issues and it was literally like playing in Matrix Bullet Time mode. Enemies also occasionally lay on the ground when dead instead of disintegrating like they did in earlier versions, so that gets kind of confusing, too.Fantastic port in every way, great controls, great graphics, intuitive key commands (Q is about-face, E is interact, R is reload, etc.) but the framerate issue is a huge problem and considering there have been about six patches since it came out in late February, it's kind of embarassing that an almost 10-year-old game is having so many issues from a simple port."
76561198064136868,Not Recommended,254700,28652219,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dc040583,"Don't even bother buying this unless you want to buy an Xbox controller too. This game was obviously never intended for PC; the keyboard/mouse controls are clumsy as a three-legged dog who thinks its tail is a paw. The port was poorly done, and leaves me wondering if you could actually fight in this game even when you play it on the right console."
,Not Recommended,254700,13797277,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Malicex,Great game. Terrible port.
76561197999230867,Not Recommended,254700,10847430,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,zera,"Unless your PC has the technical prowess of the Monolith, do not buy this abysmal port that makes Dark Souls look fantastic. Great game though"
,Not Recommended,254700,26720280,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jonas,"As much as I love Resi 4, I can't stress enough how bad this port is. It runs ""fine"" around 60% of the time, if not, the slowdown is almost unbearable. No framdrops, the game just literally slows down as if it's Max Payne's bullettime. Get this game on console, the convenience of Steam just cannot save this game this time."
,Not Recommended,254700,29689116,Posted: 4 February,all,ッッッッッッ,Resi 4 goodResi 4 port bad
76561197973240427,Not Recommended,254700,12160160,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,DEFRAG,the controls are terrible
76561198110835655,Not Recommended,254700,9997498,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,enewman2000,Very akward to control. I fight the controls more than the enemies.
,Not Recommended,254700,11067745,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Stolf,"Don't know if it's a problem with me or the game itself, but no matter how low the resolution or the video settings, this game just will not run right. I meet all the minimums but the audio is still horrificly off. Stuttering, lagging, missings sounds entirely. It runs fine in every other aspect but having the audio so choppy has rendered this version of the game unplayable for me. Waste of money"
,Not Recommended,254700,12111819,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,*f@CE,The cutscenes don't work correctly. The animations and sounds are completley off. The Gameplay is sluggish. The movement does not feel right. This game has some serious issues. Very Dissappointed. I dunno how steam could release this . It's not even playable. My pc is fine. I run RE6 RE revelations on high settings. For some reason.... I can't even run RE4 old azz game on 30 fps low settings. SAVE YOUR MONEY!
76561198151851825,Recommended,254700,22869644,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Heavens,Who else remembers this from ps2?
,Recommended,254700,23592122,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chilroy,"Resident Evil 4 was originally launched over a decade ago in 2005, it's still mostly good as new and definitely worth playing.Pros:+ Graphics look almost modern+ Large variety of interesting weapons+ Very intelligent AI+ Fantastic boss battles+ Amazing atmosphere+ Detailed and interesting environments+ Excellent soundtrack+ Lengthy singleplayer (took me 15 hours)+ Ridiculous amounts of extra content+ Very replayableCons:- Controls are very awkward and take time getting used to- ""HD textures"" included in Steam edition are total trash, disable them in the options- Enabling 60fps causes several problems involving enemy AI and quicktime events"
,Not Recommended,254700,13597797,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,matthew_mulkey98,"Very poorly optimized.  I am running Windows 7, 8 GB of DD3, Intel Core Duo at 3.24 Ghz, an Nvdia GeForce with 1.72 Ghz clock and 2 GB of DD5 and I still can't get a solid 30 fps with the resolution at 800x600 and all the settings turned down.  This game should run on anything with a screen.  Unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,254700,31667641,Posted: 10 May,all,Leon,its a classic game but HD reproduct edition running not fluent.
,Not Recommended,254700,10254224,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,reddogsapper,For PC version this game sucks! i cant even get steam to contact me about a refund 2 mins in play i feel like the slow motion effect is killing my life. DONT EVER BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,254700,9330654,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,YesManD,I want my 20 bucks back!That's all!
,Recommended,254700,9373218,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Marvel - Game Over -,"Resident Evil 4 returns after 9-10 years of it being almost forgotten! Thank goodness capcom thought of remaking and reviving the old, loved games as their next move to have time to create a GREAT sequel that brings back the traditional, and classic resident evil style of play. This is an amazing game, and for 20 bucks? It's perfect... yeah sure not all the game is redefined with next-gen graphics but some of the textures are improved with HD-styles... and as I said; we used to get this game for what? 40-60 bucks back in its old days? Now, with atleast a little bit of improvement and for 20 bucks?That's what I call, a bargain!Thank you Capcom for bringing this back...To capcom:I also recommend to you guys that you bring back the classic resident evils... (Resident evil 1, 2 and 3, and also Code Veronica and Code Veronica X) with next-gen graphics... you can also add to the story in an APPROPRIATE way but NOT TAKE AWAY ANYTHING from the old days. If you do this, you will regain your loyalty from your fans that you lost after abandoning them... including myself (Bringing re4 back made me appreciate u lads again :D)I hope you like this review, and I highly suggest capcom does what I said to them, and what the rest of the community says, as well as me suggesting you guys (the dudes reading this) to buy this game! :D"
,Recommended,254700,23567891,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,best game ive ever played in my life
76561198015258593,Not Recommended,254700,20722330,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fehu,"Resident Evil 4 is by far the best game of the franchise and I played it tons of hours on my ps2 years ago, yet I can't recommend this game to anyone playing with a keyboard and mouse. Taking up aim to shoot someone or something is a very very slow process where you really have to stay calm and try to give your best to continue the game.Furthermore the movement and ingame progress is ridiculously slow.Playing this masterpiece with a 360 controller would solve the problems, yet who want's to play with a controller after there was a promised new pc port.One of those games just slowly dying due to a lack of proper support and maintenance."
76561198113992174,Not Recommended,254700,9316807,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dudegamer8,"The control feels just like Dead Space 1... I was expecting this to be like Resident evil 5, what a disappointment.."
,Recommended,254700,9302570,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,$AgentK$/Pirate,"TL;DR - You wont regret buying it 10/10Resident Evil 4 is a Classic. One of the best Resident Evil's in the series that was released. Its always fun to go back to this game and replay it over and over. It really never gets boring. As soon as this got released i played for a good 12 hours. If you are new to the resident evil series, you'll love this one. Resident Evil 1,2 and 3 was around horror and not exactly action, and 5 and 6 were based mostly on action, and 4 is inbetween horror and action, giving a brilliant combo. You mainly have to try to conserve your ammo (depending on your difficulty) and survive. Giving it a nice survival aspect. Secret treasures and areas that reward you if you keep an eye out and the game never lets you down when you go the wrong way, instead, you get rewarded with other items, such as herbs (which can heal you, increase your maximum health depending on the herb), ammunition etc. etc. I've played this game on and off ever since its release, and its still fun to this day. Good storyline, Good Fun. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,254700,9415656,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,da_bocx,"One of the worst ports of a game I have seen in a long time, horrible controls for M+KB and the game seems to be underwater. The ""HD"" retexturing seems to be spotty at best with only part of the game looking retextured the rest looks horrible in comparision. Random slowdowns even with my overkill pc *780ti*. Not worth 10 dollars much less 20."
,Recommended,254700,22097028,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,L8start,ok
76561198047597791,Not Recommended,254700,22313716,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Mr. ButtButt,THis game is part of what contributes to the cancer of steam.Pros: The game turns on? If you can call it that..Cons: THE GAME RUNS/ IS LESS OPTIMIZED THAT ♥♥♥♥ING DAYZGET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER CAPTAIN♥♥♥♥♥FACE.thank you
,Recommended,254700,9488024,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Westword,This is a game.
76561198353498809,Not Recommended,254700,33470015,Posted: 11 July,all,Playfaze,"Fix this game, it doesnt work right on windows 10, slow motion fps, off script, crap! I can play resident evil 5 at 30 fps. Fix the game, its broken, doesnt make sense,"
76561198095914481,Recommended,254700,12381898,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,FuriousFreemλn,I use to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game but i beat it and it was fun and hard great game for being 9 years old 10\10
,Not Recommended,254700,19861464,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mercury,"I love this game, but I've played it twice. Once with a controller, and once with the vastly superior Wiimote version. I was excited to take the precision of my controls even further, and play this game with the comfort of a mouse.The controls are worse than when I played it with a controller. The mouse is hobbled to a degree that has to be played to be believed. It's extremely unpleasant, and there's absolutely no reason for me to play this game for a third time if it has the worst controls of any platform.It's too bad. I was really looking forward to this.You may want to consider this game if you've never played it before, but play it with a controller. You will have a much better experience. The tank controls are endearing, at least to me, but playing it with WASD limits your turning speed to jerky twists that you have to tap-feather. It feels really bad, especially if you played the game before with a controller.Also, do not buy this if you want to combine your mouse input with analog joystick input. It will not work. (Like the Steam controller. It simulates a mouse and an analog joystick to give you maximum precision.) The game developers saw fit to arbitrarily turn off input from the controller the moment you touch the mouse, so you will not be able to move and aim at the same time."
76561198056563515,Not Recommended,254700,26303494,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Deurman,"I really like Resident Evil 4 from what I've played so far, too bad that the PC port is kinda... How do put this?♥♥♥♥♥♥ Crashing every 10 minutes...  *sigh*... Refund. Would I recommend this game in general? I would say that I have not played enough of the game to give an opinion on that. Would I recommend the PC port? no, 'nuff said."
,Recommended,254700,9301105,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Techbane,"First, the game: if you haven't played RE4, it's the game that reinvented the series and set it on its tracks to mindless action shooter series, but for the case of this one game they really got it right, between the enemies, weapons, atmosphere, and controls. It's so campy and the combat is so visceral that it rarely feels like a horror game, but there's just enough challenge to keep a tense atmosphere. Almost a decade later, this still holds up quite well.Now, the port: It's passable. It's a pretty no-frills drag-and-drop job of I guess the already-HD 360 rerelease from a while ago, ostensibly with a new 60 FPS option... but in practice you may well end up having to turn down your graphics settings including framerate because either the port is HORRIBLY optimized or there's some major issue somewhere cropping up for a lot of people that's causing catastrophic slowdown. After cranking it down I was able to get a couple chapters in mostly without issue. Controls work fine despite what all the gripers are saying, gamepad works exactly as it was originally designed and M+KB works akin to the Wii port, minus the tacked-on crosshair.Presently I'd wait to see if they can hammer out the slowdown issue, but otherwise recommended."
,Recommended,254700,9287924,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Leproxy,"Rate: 8/10This game is my favorite game of all time and if you're like me, you're going to but it regardless.But seriously, the ""postprecess"" option is a joke and a punch in the face to the people who bought this game on Steam. It's just filters, not actual post-processing. The aiming with the mouse feels really blocky and I do not like it at all. I will be using a controller for this game, but I was hoping to be able to use keyboard and mouse. Other than that, everything in this version is really awesome in my opinion. Graphics DO look a lot better than the other versions."
76561198079237125,Recommended,254700,9287960,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,steventaylor189,best game ever to hit the pc :)
,Recommended,254700,9288055,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,thewonderwaffle1,"It is good game, too bad my PC is too slow to run it or maybe it is to epic for my PC to handle. I have many versions of this game, 1 (2 disc set) on Gamecube, 1 on Wii , and 1 on playstaion 2.My rating will have to be 7/10In this game you play as Leanardo Dicarpo on mission to rescue the president's daughter (sorry wrong guy).(correct guy this time)In this game you play as Leon Scott Kennedy on a mission to rescue the president's daughter."
,Recommended,254700,9287927,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SenpaiJesus,Hey guys im running into some issues that my the cut scene audio is fater that the video and out of no where the audio stops playing. Also my game feels really weird because when i walk and aim it does it everything in slow motion. I dont know is because the game just came out. But if you know how to fix it let me know ok thank you =)
,Recommended,254700,23402625,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Weebi,"For sure my favorite of the Resident Evil series. PC controls are a little awkward to begin with, but after a couple hours they make more sense.If you're debating on buying a Resident Evil game, I would strongly reccommend this one, or if you have someone you want to play co-op with, buy Resident Evil 6. Both are really good :)"
,Recommended,254700,23496342,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Yamato「ダークナイト」,One of the best games ever made. Seriously. Would recommend 50 times if I could.  20/10
,Not Recommended,254700,18030529,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Engel M.,"Lagged like trash on my shitbox.Make sure your specs are good before you play this. (And even if your specs are good, make sure they're better. My specs were good enough to run this and it still lagged.)"
,Not Recommended,254700,35211453,Posted: 25 September,all,Zed Clampet,"It's a great game, but just a warning that it won't work on every Win 10 computer. I've tried every available fix on the Internet for my second computer and all I can get is a black screen. Others are having this problem as well. So if you buy it, try it out immediately so you can return it if necessary."
76561198151689124,Not Recommended,254700,29073186,Posted: 6 January,all,wesker's nut,"Fantastic game, garbage port.  Some people have had problems with slowdown, but I've never experienced that.  What I have experienced is the game crashing every 15-30 minutes with no explanation.  After trying everything, I've come to the conclusion that it must not be a very good port.  From researching other users with the same problems as me, some say it's an issue with Windows 10, but idk.  Save your money, or better yet, get this game for ps2, gamecube, ps4, wii, or even emulate the damn thing.  Just don't get this port."
,Not Recommended,254700,27564881,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arazien,"It's a great game, sure, but the PC port has crashed more than any other game I've played. Get Resident Evil 4 HD on a console of choice instead."
,Recommended,254700,9561797,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Plastic Fork,"Some things to point out to those who are still thinking about buying or not. Without considering my pros/cons, RE4 is still a great game.Pros:$201080@60FPSThe updated textures look greatMuch better than the first RE4 PC portNo drops in FPS during gameplayCons:Several mouse issuesMost of the game's textures have not been updated (example - when merchant first shows Leon his merchandise, you can see how none of those textures were updated)Cannot change the layout of all the keys used in the game (for example - dodging in events with X+C)Strange behavior zombie behavior/bugs, not seen in previous versions"
,Recommended,254700,23929244,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Professional Walrus,so good that it makes you wonder why you waited so long to play it
76561198067958729,Not Recommended,254700,10857436,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,sweƃ the pleƃ,Bad PC controls
,Not Recommended,254700,11335593,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mr. Hemmingway,"This game hasn't aged well at all, as for 'HD' update you wouldn't know, the textures are just terrible, poor controls, poor graphics, typical resident evil 'writing' as far as dialogue goes, in no way a classic, avoid."
76561198118857036,Not Recommended,254700,10507809,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Party_Solija,extremely slow and i know its not my computer. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
76561198155122303,Not Recommended,254700,14534304,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,litdre2008,how do i get a refund when the games does not work for me
,Not Recommended,254700,29660439,Posted: 2 February,all,Ehxon,"terrible kb +m controls. (had to get a mod along with a .rar opener to use the mouse) - cant turn with the mouseif you dont own a controller dont buy this game.terrible 21:9 resolution stretching. (cant even see the top and bottom of the screen such as ammo subtitles, etc.)most of the time you are unable to minimize the game without causing your whole pc to crashterrible porti only played it for about an hour but the game cube version trumps this by far"
76561198039384061,Not Recommended,254700,13732127,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GuardianZealot,"On a console this is one of my favorite games, but on pc it gives me horrible motion sickness.There is no way to alter the FoV either....So, either get a controller with a long cord or just don't buy it."
76561198072110558,Not Recommended,254700,9656716,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,CGN OK_ONE_K,Dont buy wotse port than Dark Souls was whole game is essencly in slow motion aiming i had to turn sensivity up to max for it to feel somewhat comfortable all in all took a great game an made it♥♥♥♥♥♥even with a controler it contorls are so srewd up they dont work to much effort to rember what you have to do.
76561198105529248,Not Recommended,254700,9298841,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,markssvtcobra,"Disapointed ,this game doesnt look anything like the pictures and movie tralers here advertised. I love the game even on the game cube but this looks horrible i could only stomach a few minutes of this bad port of a game."
,Recommended,254700,9301873,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,B I Z KAZOOYA,Best game evah. 10/10
76561198077587208,Recommended,254700,9311999,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,rpelech,The HD 60 FPS does make this game look amazing. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,18859362,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Cloud3y,bargain
,Not Recommended,254700,14097672,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Edkuh Br,how can i get  my money back??
,Recommended,254700,28523302,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MAJESTIC,This game bring back my old memories
76561198074034864,Recommended,254700,9378295,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Hodley,"Such an improvement from all the other Resi 4 versions on ps2,xbox,pc etc. Worth the money for the resolution and 60 frames as the story and game in general is sooooo good :D"
76561198070070659,Not Recommended,254700,20599866,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Daddy,"Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City, RE6, and Chronicles are the only good games in the series. And Ashley's boobs are too small."
,Recommended,254700,28489959,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Syncist,Go buy this game right now if you have windows 10 and it crashes herehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA_jy7CexrsNdCo0Cbcdiaw
,Recommended,254700,22016793,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Icyphoenix,I have 3 versions of the game.
,Not Recommended,254700,19511500,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,flashdraco555,I had to request a refund even with all graphical settings on low my GT 730 GPU or 12GB or ram couldnt run it past like 35fps or lower.A well build gaming rig might run this better but for $20 I expected much better than the old terrible PC port remade in HD.1/10 the title screen was sweet still.I will have to emulate the PS2 or Gamecube version
76661198028581503,Recommended,254700,9305441,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/hittlebittle,The mouse controls are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I would say everything else is fine.
76561198053207106,Not Recommended,254700,28562945,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KingsWM,I can't start the game. Everytime I click run it just shuts down straight away
,Not Recommended,254700,10495648,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,DragonsGaming,"This was one of the best games to come out on the PS2. However, the Steam version is EXTREMELY bad. The keyboard/mouse controls are a NIGHTMARE and using a controller is even worse. This should have NEVER been released on Steam being this bad and this messed up. Unless they come out with a patch (which I highly doubt) DO NOT waste you money on this game."
,Recommended,254700,34564045,Posted: 28 August,all,Kronic_Anxiety,so you'r running around mass murdering spaniards to save a white girl?
,Not Recommended,254700,34418755,Posted: 22 August,all,The Türtleman,"I really wanted to play this game but the controls did not age well. I can barely move around, which makes combat excrutiating,"
76561198104630498,Not Recommended,254700,30847268,Posted: 30 March,all,aishuangfeng,我用win10玩老是一会就强行退出游戏，英文还没有字幕，绝对要给差评。
76561198009612814,Recommended,254700,23455945,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,real meal for 5 bucks,BALLISTICS
76561198158018196,Recommended,254700,19754872,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,"Dan ""Get In the Van"" Schneider","While the game hasn't aged well, and isn't nearly as good as the first couple installments in the Resident Evil series, this is still a fun game in and of itself and definitely worth the price."
76561198028143930,Not Recommended,254700,24419253,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,BenStillerFaggot69@verizon.net,Crashes every 30 minutes.  Be sure to save often.
,Recommended,254700,34895854,Posted: 11 September,all,BoukenJavelin,"Same good as the ps2 version, or maybe better XD"
,Not Recommended,254700,9327253,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,任剣堂,"An utter failure, stopped playing after only a few minutes, the game features lowdown, causing constantly out-of sync audio in cutscenes, clunky controls which feel much stiffer than those of the original (which is saying something), I suspect that the controller support transfers controller inputs to the same library that handles keyboard, so there is no real analogue feeling to them whatsoever. Green flickers before transferring into new cuscenes further breaks immersion, and makes this seem like the cash-in port that it probably is.If you want to play Resident Evil 4, buy the Gamecube version, or hell, even the PS2 version would be far superior to this. They'll be second hand, so you're further making sure that this horrible company doesn't recieve another cent of your money.Don't buy if you were a fan of the original, this version ruins the experience, and the HD graphics do not add anything to the experience that isn't completely overtaken by the experience breaking technical issues I've described. I feel like a complete dupe for buying this game, let alone pre-ordering it as I did, and this will be the last time I knowingly give my money to Capcom for further ruining one of their best IPs."
,Recommended,254700,16014582,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,sosig,cogedlo cogedlo cogedlo
76561198000046273,Not Recommended,254700,12129487,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ntwebster,As of right now the game is unable to save starting in chapter 3.  I will switch my reccomendation to a positive when I find a way to fix it (and will include my solution here for posterity.
,Not Recommended,254700,12139177,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Gretch_n,The controls are so clumsy that this game is unplayable. I am dissappoint.
76561197997840319,Not Recommended,254700,12194997,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,shadow125,"While so far I do only have a limited amount of time in the game, it has one glaring flaw that makes this game nigh unplayable for me. The slow sluggish and baffling controls of Leon. walking feels like he is a zombie with a camera that is fixed directly behind him with very little lattiude given to the right stick to make adjustments. in order to use a weapon or engage in combat of any sort you must pull out your weapon and be unable to move while you aim with a speed that feels abit like an old skill crane machine that hasnt been lubed properly. I have heard that this was to alow for ""persision"" aiming and atmospheare which I call B.S. on both things. A many other games have had more responsive aiming that required persision at the time, such as metal gear solid 2 and 3. and B if you have to handycap your gameplay in order to create atmosphear then frankly IMHO you dont know how to properly do atmosphear. Yes I know RE1 and silent hill used its tech limitations to acomplish that goal but in that case it was honist tech limitations that they had to work around. This is just forced. I will retry with kb/m and see if that improves things for me, but failing that and or a mod that alows for more sensitve movements and free camera I do not think I will be compleating this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,24603669,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,skullcat,"Crippling loading bug makes the game crash after a loading door very early into the game. If you're lucky and this bug doesn't affect you, you can easily put 200 hours into this game. But I'm gonna have to thumbs down this port because of the bug."
76561198083526608,Not Recommended,254700,24641785,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,߷ The Gu ߷,"A very broken port. It really hurts that I had to return this, I'd love to have my one of my all time favorite games on Steam but this is just unacceptable. My advice, if possible get the original GameCube version or the Wii port (just not the PS2 version it was kinda crappy)."
76561198272983916,Recommended,254700,23974783,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Prof. Rowan,"if you call youself a pc master race gamer and dont have RE4 then your not a true gamer.this game is the most under rated game of all time. the story is perfect.in my own opinion RE4 is the best story based game of all time (all thr RE games 1-4 are)wanna know why this game is gold? because when you pay for this game , you get what you pay for.you get the full game and a ton of other side games that link to the main gametheres no DLC pay to play bullcrap.they could sell this game for 60 dollars and ill still pay for it. twice.so much things to do after completing the main game, so much unlockables.this game is the true test of your gaming skillsi played this game over 20 times its so damn fun"
,Not Recommended,254700,26463212,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Surou,"Way too laggy, man."
,Recommended,254700,9312968,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Saint Satan,"One of the best games of all time but this is not the best port in the world.  The FOV is absolutely horrid and the worst I've ever seen.  The PC controls are very poor also, it's best played with a controller."
,Recommended,254700,22414255,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,happycarrot50,A classic 12/15
76561198070267492,Recommended,254700,15835128,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,8-Bit Sunset,"Best game ever made, just got better!"
76561198066453565,Recommended,254700,24032871,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,King Jorg,Played it on Wii.Played it on PS2.Played it on PS3.Never gets boring.
,Recommended,254700,28505503,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Cukornyuszi (>•.•<),"Yesterday I bought this game, and on the options menu I can't on the subtitles! Why? :O"
76561198182677333,Not Recommended,254700,24526062,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,crocoboyo,"♥♥♥♥ this port, I can't even play it without crashing"
,Recommended,254700,19983049,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Jessica Nøødles,"obviously the best game in ever, so buy it"
,Recommended,254700,22229158,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jouhou,"10/10 you can suplex evil cultists to death.Also the port actually works now, unlike the old PC port."
76561197979093208,Recommended,254700,11406644,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,LEONHEEEEEEEEELP
,Not Recommended,254700,29724908,Posted: 5 February,all,GreenProtagonist,"Like others are saying, something is wrong with this port..I could play this game on hard when I played it on gamecube and Wii, but this time around I couldn't get past the village without raging quiting due to the controls being to friggin disorienting. I know resident evil controls are different than normal fps titles, but this game is rediculously uncomfortable to play with a mouse. I've no doubts someone has come up with a way to get around whatever this port has done, but I don't want to go hunting for a fix when it should just work out of the box.Also, could not start task manager without the game disabling my graphics card? It happened twice. My screens were still on, sounds still playing, keyboard still responding, but had to reboot to be able to see anything.Was very excited to play again, but this port makes me wish i had tried to play it sooner instead of let it sit in my library because now I can't refund it."
,Not Recommended,254700,26546613,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Deepfreeze32,"I've heard great things about this game, and I'd like to tell you enjoyed it. I'd like to, but I can't because this PC port just doesn't bleeding run. Yes, this ""not recommended"" is because of the port job, not the game itself.Whenever I tried to quit the game, my entire computer would get stuck on a black screen that requires a hard reboot to fix. Oh, but this can be fixed...if you run the game in Windowed mode. Some people suggested the Borderless Fullscreen program, but that doesn't work properly either. I shouldn't have to play my games in Windowed mode to ensure that they don't crash my entire computer!Random slowdowns are also a huge issue. If there's more than three enemies on the screen, your game can go so slow it makes bullet time in Max Payne look fast. These seem intermittent and random from my experience, but they are incredibly distracting nonetheless. Really ruins the atmosphere this game was going for. Some people claim you can remove this by opening the map, but it did not work for me.The last nail in the coffin for me was the QTEs. I already think QTEs are an abomination and should be destroyed, but this PC port has the balls to make them nigh-impossible if you play at 60 FPS! Whichever boneheaded engineer at Capcom that decided that QTE speed should be tied to the framerate can go burn in the same hell as the person who decided weapon deterioration in vanilla Dark Souls 2 should be tied to framerate (albeit more indirectly in that case). Sure, I could play this at 30 FPS, but when you combine the narrow (And not adjustable!) FOV with a lower framerate, I get motion sickness.I didn't even get to really play this game because how distracting these problems were. So I got a refund. If you want to play RE4, just get it on a console and stay away from this unstable PC port. It's not like it's hard to find a console port, it runs on almost anything later than a Nintendo 64/PS1.Here are the specs I was running with. If you have a similar configuration, you might want to consider staying away:CPU: AMD FX-8350GPU: AMD Radeon R9 290 Sapphire Tri-X OC EditionMemory: 16 GB DDR3 1600MHzOS: Windows 10 Anniversary Edition"
76561198289316346,Recommended,254700,34333919,Posted: 18 August,all,Ibon Unggoy,MANTAP DJIWA
,Recommended,254700,23733129,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,XNyst,Good game
76561198123772615,Not Recommended,254700,30501193,Posted: 13 March,all,Leo The Great White Dog,"Capcom did an awful job porting this game to PC. i have a gtx 1060 and have tried to play it on windows 10 and the game does not launch at all. What a joke. I have tried to fix the problem but nothing works. i used to play the game on a windows 8 computer with really low specs and it worked fine on that. On high setting the game would just go into slow mo. Is the game itself good? its a must play for everyone, but anyone that has a gtx 1060, they should pass as they game wont run on thier computers as the game will never even launch."
,Not Recommended,254700,34377468,Posted: 20 August,all,Mertia,"This is my favorite game from a play station 2 era. The level is fun and has a good balance between enemy and the amount of ammo you have. However, the control is bad for me. I have a lot of trouble moving arond. The control made it impossible to make a sharp turn or fluid movement. I hate to say this but I have a hard time plaing this PC edition. The balance between keyboard and mouse (camera angle) movement is not good. The mouse can be adjusted to moved faster but the keyboard that control Leon's movement can't be adjusted. That's the big issue that I have so far.for the bright side, I notice that the graphic is improved - Only the texture of course. What's was a low-polygon stay a low-polygon."
76561198237832082,Not Recommended,254700,20042068,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DemigraDarkness,i boght the game and it isnt working what do i do cuz its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
76561198271927816,Not Recommended,254700,20057387,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,edward.perez570,Can anybody help I'm playing around 10-12 minutes and then it justs say resident evil 4 has stoppingPLEASE HELP MEMy specsamd a10-7300 radeon r6 10 compute cores 4c+6gBut I have on the lowest specs
,Not Recommended,254700,23288467,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The original slothy bastard,"I had this game for the GameCube. This game is a freakin legend in the gaming community for a good reason... But the HD edition on the PC has its problems. I want to be clear that this might be an isolated incident and for you to try anyways. I could not progress further than the first el gigante boss fight (not a spoiler he has zero story importance aside from 'that's one big man baby!') the game would crash every single time he hit me and if he grabbed me the game would glitch out and would not progress or do anything, just sit there awkwardly while el gigante shook me around like a dog toy for all eternity. Cutscenes went out of sync with their audio and the game has forced frame rate caps. Who does that?! Seriously capcapom? Instead get this on the wii, or a console where hardware won't play a part in this because like I said I think this might be an isolated incident."
,Not Recommended,254700,17224255,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Alice Greyheart,"broken. does not run properly, yet another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc port."
,Not Recommended,254700,20762242,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Phishfood,"Great game, bad port.If there is any other platform you can play Resident Evil 4 on then play it on that."
76561198137422069,Not Recommended,254700,20888045,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LeafieGreens,Wish the controls were better...
76561198280177842,Not Recommended,254700,30142919,Posted: 24 February,all,lynch,游戏运行失败，体验差
76561198283979845,Not Recommended,254700,23624623,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SaintInTheWaste,While the game itself deserves 5 stars everything else deserves 0. I played this game on gamecube and it was my favourite Resident Evil game. This game caused a revolution in gaming history. They were first to make a successful 3rd person shoulder shooter. Without them Gears of War would be first person. But the pc version is terrible its a time and money waster. 50.0% of the pc versions dont work even if you beat the recommended specs 10 times over. The reason that the recommended rating is so high is because capcom deletes many of negative review/comments on the game. To top it off they refuse to fix the problem even if you pay top dollar for the game. They also refuse to reply to emails. If they dont reply within the 15 days allowed for returns on steam they get your money and your stuck with nothing. So altogether i recommend this for consoles only.
76561198057066454,Not Recommended,254700,29655178,Posted: 2 February,all,WallStreetJesus,"Controls dont work. Seriously, you move with WASD but you also turn around and look around with WASD, not the mouse. An easy fix for the developers, or any modders if the source code was released but NOOOOOO, Capcom couldnt be bothered.Play it with a handheld controller."
76561197964395479,Not Recommended,254700,32308843,Posted: 9 June,all,MajikTrunks,"Very dissapointed in the 21:9 support, just zooms in so lots of critical information is missing, using a mouse and keyboard seems akward, i had played an beaten the game many times on the wii version, this one, though much more visually pleasing, seems clunky and rough, never have been a fan of analog stick for aiming, wish there was a wiimote support.... may have been able to get away with an emulated wii version and been better off :("
,Recommended,254700,9327886,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,neko nyaa~ nyaa~,amazing
,Recommended,254700,33773150,Posted: 24 July,all,Soviet Penguin,"TL;DRGet it.RE4 is a great action-adventure game with a horror theme. Overall gameplay is excellent, and reasonably challenging, even on normal difficulty. I wouldhighlyrecommend playing with a controller, however, as the mouse and keyboard controls are terrible. Story is great, with an exceptional cast of characters and top-tier one-liners.It's the iconic Resident Evil game. Highly recommended.The Actual ReviewRE4 was one of those games that I never played but was always interested in. So I went and bought a controller on the cheap and gave it a shot. Despite being tagged as 'survival horror', it really fits the profile of an action-adventure title with a horror theme. It's the first RE to move away from survival horror and adopt the hollywood qualities that RE5 and 6 were criticized for. The difference lies in pacing. Where 5 and 6 are non-stop hollywood action movies, RE4 still feels loyal to its survival horror roots. There are crazy action sequences, but they're spread out between quiet exploration and tense horror sections. RE4 nails pacing, and does very well in almost every other aspect of the game.StoryYou're playing as Leon Kennedy, an all-American hero with a spiffing haircut and a large portfolio of one-liners. You've been sent to save the president's daughter from a shadowy group in rural Spain. The story's premise is a solid setup for a horror title, but it quickly becomes an action-adventure. Honestly, there isn't much to say about the story, at least not without spoiling anything. It wasn't deep or profound, but I still enjoyed the hell out of it, the same way you enjoy an Indiana Jones or James Bond movie. The villains, in particular, were very unique and enjoyable. The writing isn't perfect - there are some cringeworthy lines of dialogue - but as a whole the story delivers.GameplayLike the story, gameplay is rough in some areas but excellent as a whole. The game is challenging and you're often taxed on ammo, encouraging accuracy and risky melee attacks. Successful kicks and suplexes are immensely satisfying and effective, but there's no good way of executing downed enemies quickly, forcing you to stand ther poking away with your knife, which gets old quickly. Guns are satisfying, especially shotguns and rifle headshots. Weapon progression and upgrades are enjoyable, but it felt like the game gives you the best weapons extremely early. The variety of enemies is also excellent, especially when the game forces you to change your tactics in order to beat a new kind of opponent.But I can't say it's perfect. The first tag I see for RE4 is 'inventory management' - a painfully accurate label. The inventory system in RE4 is functional, but not ideal. I often found myself spending more time than necessary rooting through the inventory and reorganizing the location of items. There's also enough room to carry every type of weapon in the game plus attachments, ammo, grenades, and healing, so there's no real decisions to make about what to take with you. That's the overall downside of RE4's progression. It's fun, but not very deep. Ammo can sometimes be scarce, but there's usually a convenient pickup in the next room, or on the body of an enemy. It's overly forgiving and doesn't encourage any kind of strategic thinking about what to carry and what to leave behind.There are other smaller issues with the game. PC controls are, in my opinion, almost unplayable without a controller. The last third of the game is also weaker than the first. It introduces a new faction of enemies who are ultimately the same as the previous faction with some tougher sub-bosses. And then there's the escourt mission. A very large portion of the game involves escourting the president's daughter, and although there are mechanics to make the job easier, it's still an escourt mission. Thankfully, the game gives you some breaks on this front and there are lots of times where you'll be separated, but it's still a pain.That being said, there's a certain charm to the rough spots of this game. Sure, some things are irritating, but it doesn't detract from the overall experience. Despite certain aspects of the game feeling dated, they don't break the game or ruin the flow. It was still a lot of fun to play and presented a decent challenge.Visuals and PerformanceThe visuals and performance have aged well, thanks to the inclusion of a high-res texture pack and 60fps for the PC. It's a very polished game; I only found a few bugs or glitches and only crashed once. There is a strange bug that slows the game as if you're playing Max Payne, but entering the inventory fixes it, and it actually came in handy once or twice. Other than that, no real performance problems.The soundtrack is atmospheric and fits the game well, but I haven't had the desire to listen to any of the tracks outside of the game. Sound design in general is great, as is voice acting. Honestly, there's nothing to complain about here.Final VerdictIt's a damn fine game and a ton of fun to play. In my opinion, it's worth $20 considering the quality, and it's absolutely worth the buy on sale. Great gameplay, solid story, and a decent amount of replayability through bonus content and higher difficulty. Resident Evil 4 lives up to its reputation."
76561197972200574,Recommended,254700,33778102,Posted: 24 July,all,KevlarZombie,I play this game every year or so. I recently finished like my 20th play through and for me its still just as fun now as it was when i played it the first time. If you havent yet had the pleasure of playing this game you owe it to your self to fix that mistake XD
76561198054283244,Recommended,254700,33777998,Posted: 24 July,all,robertcadav,"Pros:+A very lengthy game+Amazing diverse locations ( villages,Castles,caves,mazes,science labs, industiral islands, submarine pens and some wierd babylonian/egypt place ? )+Upgradable guns+Collectables to find in the form of treasures, many of which can be combined with minor treasures such as jewls to complete them.+60fps 1080p+An amazing raid mode in the form of Mercenaries with differnt locations and characters to play with+ Boss fights+Actually has some pretty scary/creepy moments+Unlockable guns, costumes and diffculty modes.+ Perfect Pacing+Just enough ammo to surviveCons:-Really strange controls ( once you get used to them its fine )- Some of the texures are terrible, like N64 terrible-A huge missed opportunity on extending the back story to Luis ( Assigment Luis please Capcom ? )Overall this game is pretty much close to a masterpiece. Resident Evil 4 oozes with attention to small details and you can tell a lot of work and thought went into every nook and cranny. I've maybe played this game over 12 times and a plethera of consoles.9.8/10 would play agian , as I often do every 1 or 2 years for over the past 12 years."
,Recommended,254700,22599180,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sniper Wolfe,watched my friend get stabbed in the chest by a tentacle♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Not Recommended,254700,9287800,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nano,"The graphics look pretty good, the only problem I have is that this game isn't really good for mouse and keyboard, you need a controller. Also, the sound for the villagers are really low quality. Until there is a patch to fix this then I would recommend it to people."
,Recommended,254700,13160765,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Metal Dragon,LEON HELP ME!!!! I CAN'T WRITE A BETTER REVIEW!
76561198024340430,Recommended,254700,23091662,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CAW GIVE ME BREAD,MATAAAAAAAAAAALOB! *as they point at you* simulator.
76561198017462434,Not Recommended,254700,24593694,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Haymaker,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀Optimization░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198394009181,Not Recommended,254700,33665368,Posted: 19 July,all,POOP_CLUMP,Game won't boot at all on my PC. Appears to be a problem with 75hz monitor?If you boot in windowed mode you can hear the game run but the screen is just black.Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,254700,9514661,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Lewdwig fan Beefoven,this game was fun at first but incredibly racist and all the enemies weren't speaking english they were all speaking in some made up languageafter the first few hours I realized that this game was not for me because all the enemies didn't die when I shot them in the head and some got even harder and leon was not a female protagonist
,Not Recommended,254700,9310336,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Cupelix,"What a waste of money, control system is shocking, game play is so slow, graphics look 10 years old. Don't buy this game"
,Not Recommended,254700,9290878,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,โอปป้ากินเกี๊ยว,Leon just spun around  and fired repeatedly until run out of ammoand I think shooting is still very hard to aimI very love Resident evil please fix it soonfor now I thumb down
,Not Recommended,254700,23741815,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Its Gankdalf,Possibly the laziest console port ive ever seen. The worst controls ive ever seen on a keyboard and mouse since dark souls on a keyboard and mouse. Im a huge resident evil fan but this game makes dark souls look like quake. The reason im comparing this to dark souls is because both console ports are horrible. The control system for dark souls was terrible. This is much worse. Do not buy unless you have a controler. Even then the game runs in slo mo and has a huge framerate issue.
76561198016571527,Not Recommended,254700,30349562,Posted: 5 March,all,OldManStauf,"This is not only my favorite game in the Resident Evil series, but one of my all time favorite games in the horror / survival genre. It's a classic in so many ways and just as much fun today as it was when it came out. I've played the Wii version, and the XBOX360 HD remake, and enjoyed both immensely.However, the control scheme on the PC just makes this an exercise in extreme frustration. You move forward and back with W and S, turn with A and D. Control where you look with the mouse. Should be easy, and I get these are called ""tank"" controls, but for the love of god the fact that the direction you are aiming with the mouse has nothing to do with where you are walking is just too much for me. And there's no sidestep / strafe either.This is a hard game to begin with, and that's part of the fun, but not this way. It's torture."
76561198169334007,Not Recommended,254700,30601260,Posted: 18 March,all,stocktonscrolls,"I hate to mark this game down, because I was enjoying it WHEN it worked. But after chapter 3 in the game, it constantly, predictably crashes after a couple minutes no matter what I do. Until there are patches to make this game playable on Win 10, I can't in good faith give it a positive review."
76561198044348517,Recommended,254700,28463576,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,StuCat215,Last good Resident Evil.
76561198064082853,Not Recommended,254700,23638937,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,xaltd_oni,"keyboard controls are terrible so don't get this unless you have a controller, it's compatability is questionable at best and it's much choppier and slower than consol version by far, if you're looking to play or replay this game on PC don't even bother it's a waste"
76561198035484354,Not Recommended,254700,28669754,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sir Dave,"Not until they fix the bugs. Example: Just try quitting the game or tabbing out. Go ahead, I'll wait.No just kidding I know what's going to happen, you'll be staring at a blank screen until you can manage to get the task manager working to end the program."
76561197971251125,Not Recommended,254700,9338786,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,chrisr821,"The game is unplayable. I just got my new rig a little over a year ago. It runs pretty much everything. Even on the lowest locked frame rate the game moves in slow motion. If you want to play the PC version just buy the PC game off amazon. That works just fine. May not be the ""HD version"" but looks and runs fine to me. I bought this because I'm a huge fan and I hope they come out with a patch to fix the issues. Until then this remains a shoddy port and far from the definitive edition of the game. The gamecube version still reigns supreme. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,254700,9339575,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Lanzapan,"Graphically, this 'remaster' has restored this classic whose graphics did not age well. In all other respects this is a crap port. Audio falls out of sync during nearly every cutscene and framerate issues abound. I haven't had any gamebreaking issues myself but apparently many other people are. Very disappointing considering how long we've been waiting for this."
76561198103625675,Not Recommended,254700,9750142,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Black_LiveWire,this game was too slow i wish it didnt run so slow on my computer. is there a way to get my money back? :( this was a huge waste of my money and im really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off rite now
76561198011671983,Not Recommended,254700,13604044,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OkayLux,"A lot of people claim this as the best game of all time, but in modern standards, it's not really much to see. The story is flat and so is combat, not to mention the extremely frustrating controls. I recognize that this is the first of its kind to do a over-the-shoulder third-person shooter, but it's not as fun as I had hoped it to be."
,Not Recommended,254700,30204378,Posted: 26 February,all,The Real Jim Shady,"Apart from crash issues (one of the biggest being the fact that I black screen every time I try to quit the game), this game is definitely not what I expected compared to what I remember when I owned it on Game Cube and Xbox 360. It's extremely sensitive, the controls feel hyper wonky, and aiming feels more glitchy and shaky than before. I know the storyline, loot system, and variance in enemies/environment is great, especially for a thirteen year old game, but I couldn't get past sixteen minutes of gameplay before shutting it off (which resulted in having to hard boot my computer).If they ever do a remake of this game I'd definitely check it out and see if they've fixed a lot of the game breaking issues, but I can't justify spending twenty dollars on this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,33028579,Posted: 30 June,all,ur.oriasi.dickos,"It's extremely unpleasant to play this game on a keyboard. Camera and character are independent: moving the camera around doesn't make Leon turn around, and the camera automatically reajusts everytime you move. So it's a tour de force just to get to move and look wherever you want.Besides, this game didn't age well. I bought it remembering the good old days I used to play it on PS2, but now it seems a patchwork of silly missions, unintelligent enemies and linear maps..."
,Not Recommended,254700,23978720,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,J o n i,"Believe me do not buy this, the game is full of bugs and its mostly unplayable because of it here are some examples:-HE Grenades doesnt explode when it hits the floor-When Leon kicks the camera zoom out of the map-Some times Leon is invisible (only the weapon that you have equiped is visible)-Bad frame rates with almost slowmotion every time-The plagas on the enemys multiply and its not a game feature so thats makes a simple enemy deatly because u get hit 3 times in a row even 4Thats why im gonna refound it, dont get me wrong i love Resident Evil 4 but im only going to buy it ""again"" when it is fixed"
76561198047803462,Not Recommended,254700,29880051,Posted: 12 February,all,"Sir Sirington, Esq.","FIX YA ♥♥♥♥IN GAME!Honestly, how can you ♥♥♥♥ up a port this bad.Issues that I found:Slowdown including but not limited to:WaterEnemy counts above 5Scripted areas (literally ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere)Looking off into the godamn distance of a large area.Anywhere with large amounts of architecture (Village, certain rooms in the castle etc.)Also Crashing!Some crashes I've experienced:Slowdown from above resulting in a freeze of the gameRandom crashes from their crappy port not allocating enough RAM to itself♥♥♥♥ing textures not loading in correctly, directly linked to being considered a virus by my ♥♥♥♥ing virus protection (Even Windows Defender ffs) and even when trying to turn off my protection the second fountain still caused me to crash anyway!Eventually it got to the point that I was literally unable to prgress due to the fact that the area with the fountains in 3-2 would crash me every time I looked at it.Don't get me wrong I loved the game when I first played it on the G-cube years ago and to this day it is one of my favorite games of all time. Which is why with a heavy heart I must not reccomend this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port, which will never be fixed because the last update was back in 2014. Don't waste your money.Now if you will excuse me, I'm going to try to get a refund on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,254700,9314449,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lord Light,AWESOME AT ITS FINEST. This classic returns and looks better than ever. If you are new to this game the controls will take getting used to but once that's taken care of this game is fun as hell. I recommend this to anybody and $20 is a steal for this masterpiece.
76561198038742356,Not Recommended,254700,24168017,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Enigma88,"If your not the type of person who punches babies..you soon will be.Be prepared to enter a nightmare of conflicting game mechanics and QTE's that you will not see in any-other game, outside the RE series.Everything from picking up loots, instead of doing life saving melee attacks. When the enemy is clearly stunned and the melee attack prompt's don't work.Normal enemies that can take 5 shotgun blasts to the face or going through 50 rounds of handgun ammo on jus 4 enemies.(Enter Ashley) Ashley running right into the line of fire and not ducking, Ashley getting takin away and being shot when you shoot out their legs, Ashley running right into the worst possible enemy area's imaginable. Even running through area's and Ashley dying from absolutely nothing.I am already to the point of wanting to 'Iceman Liddell' punch, through 10 babies..This game is exactly the hot mess that you would expect of the action/horror RE titles (4/5/6) a love/hate relationship that you just cant seem to quit.7/10 would fail to horrid game mechanics again and again ANND again."
,Recommended,254700,9287140,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,randomhero,"From the 10 minutes i played, a pretty faithful update to a classic title. I'm playing with keyboard and mouse so a bit slow and clunky but with a 360 controller or Gamecube controller it would control pretty well.Loving the full, widescreen experience, and that super smooth frame rate!Can now enjoy the ""second RE trilogy"" (4,5,6) in glorious HD!"
76561198101633224,Recommended,254700,9568708,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,HydroCuck,great game!
76561198101559264,Recommended,254700,9404046,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Sam I.M,best game eva
76561198035499844,Recommended,254700,9310544,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Brannopia,This is one of the best resident evil's you will ever play
76561198011096709,Not Recommended,254700,13550311,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,bosterpack,"Playing on PC the sound is killing me, its like shuttering and whenever there is a new sound from a villager there is some disturbance in the sound. Its annoying  to listen to and the controls dont work well on Pc. Sometimes it refuse to turn Leon around even though I spam the button. Cant recommend the game, simply not worth the cost."
76561198033934841,Not Recommended,254700,9332391,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Sev,Way too arcade style. Cant even move and shoot.
,Not Recommended,254700,10115072,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Chara,Ssssssssssssssssssslllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmooooooooooooooooooooooottttttttttttttiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiioooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnn..................
76561197970388080,Not Recommended,254700,28834243,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Killjoy,"Horrible controls render this game nigh on unplayable, some keybinds do not even work, I had to use Task Manager to leave the game. Horrible port to PC save your money."
76561198142564062,Not Recommended,254700,28645256,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ISPRINGUITRÉPI,"there is something wrong, it is like the game is in slow motion, i tried to repair these in OPTIONS but nothing works, and my computer should be able to support this game with no problems, i dont know what is happening :/"
,Not Recommended,254700,12178722,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Drachenlord,"I've solved half of the game and then I was at the part where you take the ride inside the mines. Apparently, the console port is bugged like hell. At the moment when you jump of your mine cart and then grabbed the edge of the other ending, you have to press ""X"" to climb.  I was spamming X and the game didn't react and my hero fell down. This happend three times. And after you failed, you have to make a five minute ride. This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and I deleted the game.The other parts were nice, but at this point you just make a ragequit.Update: I managed to finish this game a couple weeks later. I'm still angry about this part. Seems like it went only well with a Xbox-Controller, which seems a bad console port to me.The story is good after all."
,Not Recommended,254700,33110682,Posted: 1 July,all,Evil Panda,"FPS keep dropping to much when lots of people around. Gameplay is pretty average, storyline is good. Overall not my favourite resident evil game but not terrible. If they improved the combat control a little bit more and game depth then it would be a lot better"
,Recommended,254700,20687266,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SHIEEEEET,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
,Not Recommended,254700,32802875,Posted: 25 June,all,Kermit the Frog,Poorly optimized for lower end systems even if we run above the min.
,Not Recommended,254700,33270699,Posted: 5 July,all,[REEE] UNCLE DEATH,"very buggy, the ps2 version is better, in the pc version on the other hand, enemies get stuck repeating the weapon draw motion, door kicking doesnt work, and on the lake monster, leon wont pick up a harpoon to throw, he does the animation, but no harpoon is in his hand, and when you throw, as you would think surely assume, it does the animation but doesnt throw a spear, no damage done to the lake beast,  a ton of damage done to me, ive tried relogging and nothing helps. i do not recommend this game ON THIS PLATFORM, its good anywhere else."
76561198073232281,Not Recommended,254700,15935951,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,LaughRye,A brilliant game but ruined by the terrible controls and bad graphics
,Recommended,254700,30673592,Posted: 22 March,all,StoneMercenary,No tank controls. 3/10.
76561198035932989,Recommended,254700,14655216,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Thicc,10/10 Ashley has jiggle physics.
76561198121088818,Not Recommended,254700,24921955,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ebowmanbman,it does not work on pc
76561198096243555,Recommended,254700,28932345,Posted: 2 January,all,°°°°TvT°°°° csgo-raffle.,MYMYMMYMYMMYMYMMYMYMMYMY
76561198089159129,Recommended,254700,9441059,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Shotgun,hd or not 60fps has serious probs quick time events fail because of it  . i run it at 30 fps and no prob with qte i personaly love this game ive played all versions great fun for shooting zombies although they arnt real zombies ive got my 15 quids worth already .. one of the mercenary maps is a bit glitchy may be im biased  but i like it
,Not Recommended,254700,28814525,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fipps129,"This is a great game, if only it worked."
76561198353661935,Not Recommended,254700,31590333,Posted: 6 May,all,lewiz_gamer202,i am having trouble with the reslly bad slow motion in this game and i know im not the only one. has anyone got any suggestions?
,Not Recommended,254700,22744752,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Reyes,Sucks.
76561198150112324,Not Recommended,254700,22789543,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,theanimal520,Resident Evil 4 was and still is one of the best games created. But this was a waste of money for nothing special. Better off playing it on the original systems instead of this quick buck version.
,Recommended,254700,9312425,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Anonymous of Washington,Red 9 w/o stockStrikerBolt Action Rifle w/ default scopeTMP w/ stockThis is objectively the best loadout
,Not Recommended,254700,17198698,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,RELIGION OF PEACE,"If you have it on console, there is literally no point of buying this.That being said Capcom like usual can't make a decent PC port. Slow motion in cutscenes, random frame rate slow downs, and audio sync issues make it hard to like. The Keyboard + Mouse isn't horrid but no where as good as a controller. Really dissapointing that its crazy buggy and no one has released anything to fix it (recent patch has not fixed it for Laptop users)."
76561198120908193,Not Recommended,254700,17326814,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,a99741312,The movement mechanics are terrible and make the game nearly impossible for me to play.
,Not Recommended,254700,29213215,Posted: 12 January,all,JamelloTV,"One of my favorite RE, that unfortunately does not run stable on my System. Frequent Crashes during gameplay & when ALT+Tabbing, Forcing me to shutdown the PC.(not) Running on Win10 PRO 64 / i7 6700k/ GTX 1070 / 16GB DDR4"
,Recommended,254700,13965946,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Romero,"The game that made emo hair popular, well probably."
,Recommended,254700,14183895,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,crazy rockman,IN DIS GAME YOU ARE HOMOCIDAL PSYCHOPATHIC MURDERING MEXICANS FOR YO WHITE GRRL WHILE BREAKIN STUFF FOR BIG MONIES PLAYA
,Not Recommended,254700,9289075,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Timothy E. Upham,don`t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,254700,9288386,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tuong,"In Resident Evil 4, special agent Leon S. Kennedy is sent on a mission to rescue the U.S. President’s daughter who has been kidnapped. Finding his way to a rural village in Europe, he faces new threats that are a departure from the traditional lumbering zombie enemies of the earlier instalments in the series. Leon battles horrific new creatures infested by a new threat called Las Plagas and faces off against an aggressive group of enemies including mind-controlled villagers that are tied to Los Illuminados, the mysterious cult which is behind the abduction."
76561198016496618,Not Recommended,254700,33032358,Posted: 30 June,all,我太受歡迎了該怎麼辦,"I used to play this game on ""Wii"".Nice game indeed and i really love it,so i buy this on summer sale.I expected that the controll is same as PC RE5,unfortunately it didn't.If you move your mouse,Leon doesn't turn.Instead,you need to pressing ""A"" or ""D"" to change Leon's direction.The game is good if you play it with controller, but i think it is so uncomfortable to play it with keyboard and mouse as the same control setting as ""Wii"".And the highest mouse sensitivity is not enough for me."
,Not Recommended,254700,9629325,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,satsun,"As an audio enthusiast, this game blows chunks. It's not that I'm an audiophile, it's just that this game has no positional audio and all NPC sound effects seem to be one volume (loud) regardless of how far away they are. The sound effects are MONO and DO NOT PAN based on an NPC's position. Positional audio is not some mystery Dolby proprietary technology. Dolby is mostly used as an audio codec like people use MP3 to compress WAV files. This game utilizes XAudio2 to process audio and can do positional audio, but implementing just the most basic audio features that we take for granted (stereo, surround sound, dynamic volume levels, spatialization) seems to have been completely ignored.Music and some environmental effects such as crickets are stereo, but that's because they were encoded that way. Any sound data that is mono, is played back in either the front center channel or the front two speakers simultaneously.I'll change this review if the issue is resolved, but until then, I can't consider this game ""ultimate"" until the audio is given proper attention.Update: Come to think of it, the ""ultimate"" edition of RE4 should be based on the Wii version of the game, not the 360 version of the HD version.UPDATE: Beta 1.0.5 has some positional audio corrected so it seems that the audio problem is being worked on.Likely final update: They implemented some positional audio as if they were testing the issue but never completely went through with it so it's hit or miss."
76561197977535275,Not Recommended,254700,23607853,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kaylexandria,"Poorly coded port, only half mouse support(doesnt work on menus ingame...wat??), controls are jerky at best, missing game modes that the consoles have, constant sound bugs/desync of sound from game. Just doesn't feel good to play.If you love this game like I do, do yourself a favor and play it on gamecube, ps2, or wii(its the best on the wii IMO)"
,Not Recommended,254700,24006293,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,M3gadeuce,"Windows 10 is not supported for this game. If you have windows 10, it's highly likely that this game WILL NOT WORK. This needs to get out so that capcom can get this game fixed."
76561198308390209,Not Recommended,254700,23706443,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CallMeExiled,It does'nt even work lmao. If you have a 64 bit PC it will not work at all. Either a massive white screen or freezes ever 10minutes.
76561198096926751,Not Recommended,254700,9289329,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,...,nooooooooooooo
76561198118272456,Not Recommended,254700,30071445,Posted: 20 February,all,Defygravity,"This is an actual review for people who have not played the game yet and are seriously considering dropping 20$ on a more than a decade old title. having never played this game before, or any resident evil for that matter, i'm helped by the total lack of nostalgia goggles and can, i hope, be unbiased.first things first, the game controls like complete♥♥♥♥♥ complete ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ leon moves like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ golf cart in that you have forward, reverse, and steering. you could honestly model a lawn mower under his♥♥♥♥♥and the gameplay would be largely unchanged. also he moves with about as much urgency as an elderly pedestrian in a crosswalk. this combined with camera controls that do not so much pan as they snap jerkily from vista to vista means that you will be more threatened by the controller in your hands than anything on screen. This is somewhat mitigated by the fact that the average enemy is about as fast and agile as a medium sized♥♥♥♥♥♥and has the self preservation instincts of a jellyfish. It all adds up to something much more akin to rail shooter than an fps or horror/survival game. You find a nice little bottleneck and dispassionately pop skulls, standing stock still because the mysteries of the run and gun are as esoteric to our hero as the sidestep.The boss fights are another thorny annoyance in that almost every single one is about as much fun as cardiac arrest. The developers seem to have noticed however because the rpg wrecks their ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I’m serious, every boss that doesn't contrive a thousand ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reasons to keep coming back over and over is just a single well placed rpg away from becoming so much purulent chowder. That's not totally true, after hitting the final boss with the regular♥♥♥♥♥pedestrian rpg i brought with me, some lady in a victoria's secret bra and a dress that showed more♥♥♥♥♥than a donkey convention tossed me a special red rpg i had to use to initiate the final cutscene. Needless to say if the game has an entire special weapon dedicated almost exclusively to skipping the really tough fights, then why even bother putting boss fights in the game to begin with?And now comes the final nail in the coffin for me at least, the story. I know i said previously that i had never played a resident evil game before so my opinion towards the franchise remained unsullied, but unfortunately i have played a capcom game before and i know exactly what that entails. I’ll be honest, i skipped every cutscene after the little man in the napolean costume started trying to menace me, but I had already been exposed to enough stilted writing, comically broad spanish accents, and out of the blue ex machinas that i honestly don't think i missed out on much. Oh and there's enough gratuitous underage upskirts to land half of japan in rikers. It's worth it though, because if you push through the mercifully short campaign you can unlock a special costume for our teenage sidekick that hides her panties but gets her♥♥♥♥♥♥out.That's not to say RE4 is completely without merit. The gun crafting is fairly enjoyable and rewarding, and the inventory system is second to none. Exploration is fun, even if the mountains of ammo you will inevitably drag around with you drain away any remaining vestiges of challenge the game had left. On the whole RE4 is not bad, i played through the entire campaign so i must not hate it as much as the preceding paragraphs would suggest, but it is far, far from good. The very few gems are buried under so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quick time events, haphazard controls, and unapologetic misogyny that i cannot recommend the game to anyone who doesn't already love it."
,Not Recommended,254700,12298145,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,alexius,Capcom could invest more money on control settings.I love this game but those controls destroy the gameplay.Play it on Game Cube! :)
,Recommended,254700,25718031,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Tenacious,"It's not very scary but the gameplay and the atmosphere make this game in my opinion, the graphics still hold up pretty well, the only major complaint for graphics i can think is for some reason  when they ported the seperate ways dlc they didn't bother remaking the cutscenes, so all the cutscenes are all in 480p or something and it really ruins the immersion. But overall Resident Evil 4 is one of my favorite games in the series, it's must buy."
76561197999737264,Not Recommended,254700,9348999,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,gary,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.  There I said it.  I'm the only person on the planet who has their brain plugged in.  But let me detail why.1. Movement.  Holy jumping jesus.  Your ability to move is atrocious.  You move like a snail carrying heavy shopping.  There is no ability to strafe.  When you aim you don't aim where you are looking you aim in the center of field.  Moving your gun is like pulling the mouse (and I've tried the controller) through mud.  There is no excuse for this crappy movement anymore.  There was excuse for it on the PS1 because that was very early days in 3rd-person horror games.  But RE4 should have sorted these issues out.  Also the excuse that ""it's part of the way the game is"" is lame and lazy.  The game could still be the same with better controls.2. Reloading.  WIth the mouse/keyboard it only lets me reload when I run out of bullets.  Nuff said.3 Combat.  If I shoot someone in the head I expect two things to happen (even in a zombie game).  1. They go down and I see visible damage.  2.  They go down and stay down because I've removed their brain function.  When I shoot someone twice in the head and they aren't a zombie that is inexcusable.4. Story.  The small bit I've seen thus far since I can't get past the control issues is terrible for even a RE game.  The president's daughter is missing and seems to be caught in the middle of a spanish village of cannibals?  And the local police have no idea about said village?  Even though there are plenty of corpses around.  This is kindergarten writing.  And don't get me started on the voice acting.Overall this is a terrible, terrible game.  I'm sure it could be good if they had simple things like decent movement, aiming that was remotely responsive and enemies that behaved reasonably.  Don't play this until you've had the labotomy and you resemble a character from the game."
76561198056119776,Not Recommended,254700,21943997,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,bornbyforce,An absolute piece of crap.Controls are impossible. Everything is just so awkward. I gave up after a while. Not intuitive is one thing. Not given a thought at all is another.
,Recommended,254700,15787318,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DigitalSoSaltyFrog,Resident Evil 4!Does anymore really need to be said...8.5/10
,Recommended,254700,23576616,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,scariest resident evil game!
,Not Recommended,254700,28130632,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zig,"Played this on Gamecube back in the day and it was good then.  However, this plays nothing like RE5, RE6, or any other modern RE game on PC.  You have to keyboard turn and can not strafe.  This was their first awkard transition from the old fixed point camera to 3rd person.  I love RE5+, but the controls were painful in this.  If you are used to old school FPS with a gamepad you'll fair better.Glad to see the graphics have been improved."
,Not Recommended,254700,9293614,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Netmachia,"Faithfully brings back what I didn't like about the original Resident Evil 4 game...the controls are counterintuitive and ruin the experience. If you have not purchased this yet, do yourself a favor and read the forum comments on this before you buy.Excuses/justifications given for the controls being the way they are include that these are tank controls, controls from the original GameCube version, or controls matched for the pace of the game (which is actually true...the pace is very slow...you get lots of time to wrestle with the needlessly clunky controls to aim and shoot) etc.It really is jarring, unnatural, limiting...almost like you are being intentionally handicapped by limitations of control...especially for anyone who is used to playing any other games of the sort.The specific issue is that you cannot turn around simply by using your mouse (like you can in almost any other game). That may not sound like a big issue...but spend the $20 and discover for yourself why this is a problem."
,Not Recommended,254700,12935653,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Yagi,"We all know and love resident evil 4, it's a great game.But this port? Garbage.I played the game for the first time here on pc and i was really dissapointed in what i saw.The controls are fine and aiming with a mouse is much easier than with a controller, but the main problem is in the graphix.I had to play the game windowed, with♥♥♥♥♥♥resolution, because otherwise it would lag so much it would have been impossible to play, and my computer is not even that bad.So, in the end, i recommend playing this game on the gamecube if you can, since this port is even worse than the dark souls one, or hell, even deadly premonition's."
,Not Recommended,254700,33949755,Posted: 1 August,all,Still alive,"Teach somebody these Japanese to optimize the games before releasing them.Don`t get me wrong: this game is more than a good horror. Basically RE4 is a synonym of an excellent survival-horror.You have got here all crucial features of well-made representative of the genre with an appropriate amount of an additional content. Don`t bother to think of how did cultists lock the door while keys only had the chief of village or why were all of the main roads to the bosses in the game got blocked by puzzle walls which can be unlocked only by collecting different items which were scattered in the most distant and deepest places of location. I don`t consider these illogical features of the gameplay as a con because they exist in all RE games (canonical ones) so this is one of the factors that make up RE universe.Teach somebody these Japanese to optimize the games before releasing them.This game can probably win an Oscar in the bad optimization. I have never seen so unoptimized game in all of my life. I don`t recall how many times I got crashed from the game and got stuck unmovable being unable to do anything but quit the game. Amount of various bugs I encountered in the first place is huge. Official description states that the game runs in smooth 60 FPS but it never did, FPS always jumps. If you switch max settings in the game game will start  to run in slow motion constantly. If you switch most of the settings to minimum you`ll encounter slow motion too but more rarely. The game also provides the player with a qualitative audio-stutter. You can get rid of the audio-sttuter switching versions of the game but the game will start to crash more often. To achieve at least playable state of the game you have to make a tremendous amount of efforts though rare crashes and an audio stutter will remain. With all  of these beautiful  features not only I encountered but the bunch of other people who made different guides and patches which I followed to make this game playable. I do like the game itself but optimization in this ""reworked HD edition"" is a spit in the fans` faces. I always value the good optimization in the games in the first place and I can`t stand the games which are optimized so badly. Better watch a let`s-play of the game.UPD:My PC meets recommended system requirements.Laggy and buggy edition of the good game4/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,25789841,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ℝℯ⊻ℯℵℊ∄❤,"This software is worse then malware on your PC.If you enjoy not being able to TAB out of your games, all screens black and being forced to flip the power switch because of whatever cancer is in this games code, you will love it.Terrible FOV, god awful mouse aim.Great remaster."
,Recommended,254700,16688830,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Count Cuckula,"Graphics and controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics are understandable because the game is pretty old), but I still got addicted to it."
76561197977276382,Not Recommended,254700,28669224,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Om-Warrior,"Unless you are buying this for nostalgic purposes then it's a waste of money.  Although dated, the story line and graphics were acceptable.  The big problem was that the game was very painful to control using the keyboard or XBox 360 controller."
76561197992267551,Not Recommended,254700,25197064,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[414]Mentality,"4/10Before I go on, let me just start by saying that I grew up with Resident Evil and it will always hold a special place in my heart. I really wanted to enjoy this, and It's a shame that It took me this long to finally play through it. The reviews and critical acclaim this game has received alone almost guaranteed my satisfaction, but I was sorely disappointed. I don't know what I missed here, honestly, but this heap of sheep♥♥♥♥♥♥plays nothing and feels nothing like the RE I grew up with. Which is fine, I welcome a breath of fresh air. The story wasn't all that bad, but just about everything else built a hateful fire inside of me which wouldn't extinguish until I finally completed the game.Pros:- Some familiar faces- Satisfactory weapon selection- Generously expandable Inventory- Plenty of Loot- Enjoyable puzzlesCons:- Some of THEE WORST and most frustrating camera and character controls EVER- QTE's are overused, especially during frantic battle sequences- QTE's are also randomly scattered and pop up unexpectedly- Horrendous voice acting and dialog- Enemy/Boss difficulty is rediculously unbalanced at times- Story is 99% unrelated to previous titlesSeriously, the camera and character controls made me want to hurt someone every other second....."
76561198277161055,Not Recommended,254700,31793819,Posted: 16 May,all,Dr. Jan Itor,"Honestly most of the hype in the game is nestolgia factor. Thats one of the only reasons this game is a game i recommend. The earlier games were much better and this casued the seris to be more about action than what the series was originally known for. IE puzzles, inventory managment, jump scares, seclusion, etc. Now this game features higher ammo count, more help, stupid easy puzzles, etc.(NOT TO MENTION THE CHEESY AS ♥♥♥♥ LINES) Capcom began a rapid decline in game quality. 4, 5, 6 should be not cannon to the rest of the series. (all the games that take place in RC). Only play if you like more action or if you're playing for nostolgia. I do and don't reccomend the game."
,Recommended,254700,9418998,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Equash the Meta Dogcow,LEON! LEON! AAAAAAAA! WHERE ARE YOU GOING LEON?
76561198096064307,Not Recommended,254700,11694699,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,solidshumac,so apperently it will only let me play biohazard 4 and let this simple fact be known that i dont speek ♥♥♥♥ing japaneese
,Not Recommended,254700,9370570,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,GIAWOL,"Okay so first off I love RE4 and before you discount my opinion simply because of the lack of time played I sunk HOURS into this on PS2 and love the game but this is not worth buying at all right now. The game runs very poorly. I exceed all max requirements for this game and I get performance issues and low frame rate even after turning every setting as low as possible. The game doesn't actually show all of the possible controls when using the keyboard and if you use a laptop and don't have access to a controller then a lack of number keys means you can't even rotate items in your inventory which is actually a fairly improtant mechanic of the game. Additionally their is no way to remap keys on either keyboard or controller (I have been told there are but mine seem to be bugged, or maybe I am being lied to?) change mouse sensitivity, you can't even turn subtitles on/off. In short this is an absolutely amazing game that was given a terrible PC port once and had a chance to change that with a rerelease on Steam (BTW HD is not how I would describe the graphics at optimal settings) and failed yet again. Buy this game if you can. Just don't do it on PC. At least not until the game is heavily patched and/or modders fix everything the developers were to lazy to fix themselves :/"
76561197970347516,Not Recommended,254700,9337927,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,sLuML0rd,Unless you have a Xbox controller for PC don't even attempt to play this.  The PC controls are clunky and the camera angles are terrible.  Your field of vision is very limited. I wish I could get my $20 back because I'm going to uninstall this and never play it again.
,Not Recommended,254700,13396579,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Crude Pixels,Buy QTE THE GAME ITS GREAT !
76561198286993703,Not Recommended,254700,32647113,Posted: 22 June,all,HITMAN HAIDER,HI i would like a refund on this game. Can anyone help me with this? The game only plays in slow motion on my pc. I have high enough specs to run big and heavy games. Yet this game runs in slow motion. Please help as this is £15 wasted!!! Thank you
76561198043161293,Recommended,254700,22945689,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198141468229,Not Recommended,254700,29049715,Posted: 5 January,all,Obscurity,"The game isn't bad, but you know somethings wrong when a PS2 emulator runs this game better than it can by itself. Then again, my computer is crap. If you have a good computer, get this game. If not, buy something else or emulate it like I did."
76561198081629483,Recommended,254700,26271714,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mad Faded,go halo go halo go halo go halo go halo go halo go halo go halo
76561198023368380,Not Recommended,254700,9371211,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kensai,"great game right up to when Ashley has to solve the rubic cube puzzle, big downer, stuck there and cant move on, to the developers if I want to play with a rubic cube I'd buy one and not worry about steam, you ♥♥♥♥ed a good game."
76561198027547059,Not Recommended,254700,23612453,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,iPro_Sebz,Unoptomized port which doesn't run properly
76561197970964856,Not Recommended,254700,16918168,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,(]-_-[) -=P=-,"It was a bad choise to try to play this game, I really didnt like it.Just Completed the first 1, 2 and 3 of this game.And now this?It was a complete bad experience from me.Uninstalled after 30minutes of playing."
,Not Recommended,254700,32548815,Posted: 18 June,all,BOIPUSSY,no
76561198010279012,Not Recommended,254700,29465756,Posted: 24 January,all,☣Klown☣,"So, I think I have to agree with the majority of negative reviews on this game. And it pains me greatly, because this is my all-time favourite RE game in the series. But if you DO NOT have a top-of-the-line gaming pc (meaning your pc is capable of gaming, just not the strongest in the herd), then I DO NOT recommend purchasing this game. First off, you can tell this is a lazy port for PC, because the optimization settings are very limited for a pc game. The cutscenes are terrible due to the fact that the audio de-syncs itself from the video, making the two look delayed from one another. And the ""HD"" Textures..........oh boy........does anyone actually notice a SIGNIFICANT difference between the HD and Original textures? Cause I sure as hell don't. Bottom line: the fact that I can play RE 5 on at least medium settings with FPS of 40-50 frames, yet RE 4 runs like sh*t with all bells/whistles switched off is absolutely ridiculous, we're talking about a game that started out on the friggin Nintendo Gamecube! So unless you have an incredibly beefy PC (I'm talking godly), you're better off playing the HD version on Console, or even playing the Wii Edition (which is where the HD Edition was ported from). Because this game, in my opinion, is better optimized for consoles. And the HD edition on PC actually ruined the RE 4 experience for me. Now that I've written this review, I'm going to take my mind off this cringe-worthy port and play the Wii Edition."
76561198096129873,Not Recommended,254700,29724025,Posted: 5 February,all,{MR} {Memelord},if you dont have a mega gaming pc then dont buy it  becaus i had it at its lowest setting and it still ran like crap  btw my pc is not crap but its not great  its just an average gaming pc  nothing special
,Recommended,254700,15750774,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,AvrilLavigne2014,best game ever best RE♥♥♥♥♥Well
76561198048030452,Recommended,254700,15758699,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Kenzo,Bretty good 10/10
,Recommended,254700,15693455,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,WELCOME!!! WHATA YA BUYYYYINGGGGGG
,Not Recommended,254700,30739535,Posted: 25 March,all,SurpriseGmg,Slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter what I do. I guess I'm buying the Xbox version...
76561198119101788,Not Recommended,254700,30155629,Posted: 24 February,all,NoobTastic,One of the best resident evil games of ALL TIME.
76561198002561766,Not Recommended,254700,29107085,Posted: 7 January,all,Sherbert T Cat,"Very♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimisation. My rig can run 2016's DooM in 1080p, with little to no slowdown. This clunker of a port chugs even in 780p, with the FPS turned down to 30. The base version of RE4 is over ten years old. There is no excuse for it to run this badly on the PC."
,Not Recommended,254700,23628264,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,HirumiZ,"So i felt like i just wasted my money. After I clicked play, screen goes black and nothing happened. Was running the game using windows 8. GG capcom"
,Not Recommended,254700,23634613,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,butteryhand,why is it that every time they introduce the merchant i get a grey screen? very glitchy!!! not impressed want my money back
76561197980497374,Not Recommended,254700,22751180,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bumbling Old Git (UK),An absolute waste of money. Terrible controls. no plot. Torture to play
76561198328933026,Not Recommended,254700,29213231,Posted: 12 January,all,kalebbennett211,it sucks when i open the game and play for 20 min it shuts me out WTF
76561198008414102,Not Recommended,254700,31867502,Posted: 20 May,all,DamZe,"This is the game that tainted the franchise!An almost completely linear and action oriented arcade shooter, if it weren't for the RE name I could have easily mistook it for something else. Can it be fun to play? Yes! Is it in any way more rewarding or as scary as the classic entries in the series? ♥♥♥♥ no!Overall, it's not the RE game I would ever recommend newcomers to the series to play first, but if you absolutely must try every RE title available to you, then RE4 is going to be on your list.I am still going to beat the game, but it is a poor RE game by any standard, the RE1/Zero HD offerings blow it out the stratosphere! Fingers crossed for a decent RE2 HD remake and if all things go well a RE3 HD remake as well!"
76561197992194630,Not Recommended,254700,30002436,Posted: 17 February,all,Amazingmao,"Garbage port.""Resident Evil 4 has stopped working"" crash every 15-20 minutes, the game is unplayable.This so called ""Product"" is being sold for money.Make no mistake, this is a literal crime, Capcom is selling a defective product that is unusable in any shape or form.Do not get conned, stay away, don't buy."
,Recommended,254700,18181711,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RetriButioN,Consider this review a mere recommendation notice.
,Not Recommended,254700,30304061,Posted: 3 March,all,Manenti,"The game page says it has english subtitles, but that's a lie. It's sad that all the other languages have full subtitles while the english version only has the radio transmission ones. English is not your primary language? Well, I guess that's just too bad. EDIT: Oh my god I wished so bad I would like this game and I'm hating it. The controls are TERRIBLE, the camera is TERRIBLE, the fov OMG THE FOV IS SO SO BAD. I never get headaches playing games, never, ever. I've got one just now."
,Not Recommended,254700,9603849,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Seatown Beatdown,"The combination of weed, alcohol and the games whacky controls made me nauseous."
,Not Recommended,254700,24435328,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SilentMic,"The controls for this game are nonsense, whether you're using a mouse or the Steam controller. Incredibly awkward and frustrating. Gave up almost instantly."
76561198087471407,Not Recommended,254700,31551173,Posted: 4 May,all,ContraMundi,"Downloaded it as my offline game, thought I could have some fun with it.I was wrong.The controls aren't just bad. They're the controls equivalent of taking sandpaper to your eyeballs and papercuts under your nails while a shaky-handed dentist tries talking to you while stabbing you in the gums with what feels like serrated razor blade.The graphics, I can deal with, after all I grew up with much worse.But the controls make this game practically unplayable. You're either walking slowly and menacingly around, or running into every single glass wall and object you could run into. And the aiming, the aiming...!I'm sure it was a great game 3 presidents ago on a different platform.But it is not a game you can play on PC without hurting yourself and those around you."
76561198003375076,Not Recommended,254700,9678166,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),"Só para quem tem controle.  O jogo não tem suporte para mouse, só para mirar.... Perda de tempo !!!"
76561198064886574,Recommended,254700,22308089,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Toadkiller Dog,"Awesome ♥♥♥♥ing game. Great gameplay, instantly jumps into action and is immersive. Puts every other resident evil to shame."
,Not Recommended,254700,28531287,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,WunTuBlame,One of the most memorable games I have ever played. Get an Xbox or an old Gamecube. Screen goes black after starting a new game. Nothing happens.
76561198349849622,Not Recommended,254700,30324767,Posted: 4 March,all,Mappezorr,"The controls is not good for third person shooter. A/D makes your character look left/right, in which the mouse can do also. So basically, you can't side step. Only look left/right then walk straight.I didn't even bother continuing to the 2nd map from the start because of bad controls.Wish it could be better with the typical side step button of A and D keys"
76561198381817702,Not Recommended,254700,34325402,Posted: 18 August,all,Thanatos Vorigan,"The game itself is great. But unless you have a good computer then the PC version isn't worth the money. If your computer isn't good enough the game get's literally unbeatable. I couldn't even get past the first boss (Lake monster) because the lag causes the game to slow down so much that Leon never picks the harpoons up and ends up throwing air. Since this bug is actually very common then I think it's best to play a console version.I noticed a couple of other bugs like enemies get stuck on fences and their own animations, some sounds never play, the cutscenes' video/audio goes out of sinc and the doors refuse to open unless you go through them slowly (which isn't good when Dr Salvador is chasing you.)"
76561197982783939,Not Recommended,254700,28521101,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,McJibs,"The movement controls are horrible, you move drunkenly forward like you are in quicksand or underwater. I'm always having to force my character to look straight ahead. It is just awful."
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,254700,25241373,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,hagakuremoi,"I can't say much about the game beyond that this is a very bad port, unplayable even after applying the recommended fixes posted at the forum."
76561198054315667,Not Recommended,254700,34671959,Posted: 1 September,all,TheWoolyWolf,"this game feels way buffed compared to the original to the point where its ridiculous. everything does a ridiculous amount of damage for example in the seperate ways game mode the minigun mini boss did half my health by shooting me once, just a real pain and a simple grab can set your health back incredibly far. have i enjoyed the original? yes is the remake the same game or any better? no"
,Recommended,254700,33846015,Posted: 27 July,all,Doc Strange,aids
76561198126358222,Not Recommended,254700,23914792,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jsafford,This is a terrible product.  It lags too much to do everything.  I love RE4 so I'm very disappointed.  I guess I'll save up to get a legit copy on Humblebundle.
,Not Recommended,254700,23802949,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,𝕮𝖗𝖍𝖎𝖘,GAMEPLAY IS SO BAD FOR COMPUTERS!I LOVE THIS GAME IN PLAYSTATION BUT IN COMPUTER IS BAD!PLEASE FIX GAMEPLAY
76561198081968922,Recommended,254700,22968152,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Spooky Bunkinstan,Kinda don't know why I bought this
76561197970999762,Not Recommended,254700,19983656,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,3gg,"Slow, awkward and annoying. I dont know why this game is considered the best Resident Evil. IMO its not."
76561198041339124,Not Recommended,254700,29743858,Posted: 6 February,all,Paolo,"Terrible port of a great game.keyboard and mouse controls make this totally unplayable - sure its fine with the controller, but it should have been the ultimate control scheme on pc :/really patchy frame rate - which is funny, because on dolphin emulator this would run smoother.would expect better from Capcom.better stick to the gamecube/wii versions"
76561198067561455,Not Recommended,254700,28543501,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TOFLY,"Good Game~，but1.Don't have traditional Chinese,2.movie no subtitleso bad service."
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,254700,34827421,Posted: 8 September,all,Rickityr3kt,"Cheap port with no real options. Textures are crap, motion blur, shadows are crap, controls just like it did back on the Gamecube. For a port you would expect them to put some more work into it, add a modern control scheme like the RS turning your character but naw. Proceed with caution."
76561198055070601,Not Recommended,254700,35141858,Posted: 22 September,all,????????????????????????????????,"Clunky controls and outdated controls make this game very unenjoyable to play. Additionally the camera was super jerky making it hard to play for an extended amount of time. I don't care how great this classic suppose to be. It is just plain unenjoyable with these outdated controls and super jerky camera.Edit: After downloading the FoV Mod, it somewhat rememdied most of the problems. Not sure if I recommend this game though.."
76561198030822403,Not Recommended,254700,9336788,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Meiwow,"Pretty sloppy release... they literally just upgraded ""some"" of the textures and did NOTHING else. The controls feel awkward and unresponsive as always... specially compared to other resident evil tittles on steam, something they could have fixed and didn't, and the cutscenes are all out of sync. Who the hell gave the ""go ahead"" for the release of this mess anyway??? I guess I had forgotten how much of a crap this company has turned into.. crapcom.On a diferent note, this game has some rampant slowdowns on AMD cards just like revelations had problems with amd cards as well... again, stuff they know are issues and still they don't do a damn thing about it."
,Not Recommended,254700,12411099,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,i_ate_yer_grandma,Hardly any improvements graphic-wise (looks the same as Re4 with patch. Cutscenes are improved though).  Added native gamepad controls but controls are still very bad.Don't really see any point of this release
76561197999736026,Not Recommended,254700,9312275,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,???,"Low effort port. Capcom polished up the graphics but otherwise made no effort with this, it handles worse with either KB+M or gamepad than even the original GC version. The Wii version of this game still manages to be the superior one."
,Not Recommended,254700,28502379,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tetravalence,"I tried playing this on my computer and the scenes were laggy and even the gameplay was slow. That wasn't the big issue. The main problem is the controls. Yes, its an older game, but you'd think after all this time they would make a patch that makes it easier to move around. Nope. the real horror in this game is not knowing if you can turn your charecter around in time to shoot someone behind you."
,Not Recommended,254700,15840281,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ZtriDer,"Stay a way from this game, or at least read the negative reviews too.You can't move sideways.You can't shot while moving, only when you stand still.You can't use the mouse to turn. You have to use E and D to turn while moving forward with W.I have never played a game that has so a terrible movement system, ever.As you can't move while shooting, the game is static. Stand still and shoot, stand still and hit stuff.This is a freak of a port, probably one of the worst port I have ever tried out, ever. Stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,14447054,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,[L4G] iFail :D,Download this on an emulator. Dont waste money.
76561198033108678,Not Recommended,254700,9658123,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Somber Mood,This is by far the crappiest game I have ever paid money for.  How dare you call this resident evil... its junk.
76561198011228011,Not Recommended,254700,10641558,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Spirit of Gonzo,President's daughter isn't black.-4/6 for white washing.
,Not Recommended,254700,12417964,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Metal Socks,"I'm gonna have to give this a fair no because it's not compatible with the chainsaw controller. If you are gonna play the best game of all time, you might as well play it with the best controller."
,Not Recommended,254700,9288276,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Game Over Man,"Buyer Beware.The game lacks keyboard and mouse controls.The 360 controls are also very poor, and not configurable, save for 3 default choices.60fps?  Yes the cut scenes.  Everything else is 30 fps slow motion.FX 6300 3.5Ghz CPU & GTX 760.  Running like a 2 legged dog.  Avoid this release until it is updated.  This is nothing more than a shameful skid mark ofthe memory of a great game.  This game should be removed off of steam, until they fix the issues."
76561198047636861,Not Recommended,254700,28532531,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TiberiusSG,The controls are annoying... just kidding... the controls are terrible.
,Not Recommended,254700,22537040,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"Hello resident evil fans, this negative review i made for you. I hope you will understand my opinion and you will rethink resident evil game series in general, because its a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥First, i was excited about this HD release of Resident Evil 4, i know Crapcom never made a good game in their career, but i was hoping this game is average at least... And i was terribly wrong!Graphics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grain and soap at the same time?! Genius! I think Crapcom will never get rid of this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥in their crappy games, i got used to it now!Controls are badly integrated for PC, without gamepad its ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable. ""Smash your keyboard please"".Plot is obviously was written by a moron. We might have a decent game, just look at Resident evil 3.5 THAT WAS FANTASTIC, but greedy Crapcom decided to take ♥♥♥♥ing money. So we have action based hollywood♥♥♥♥♥♥game, instead of horror survival great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!Also, i dont like main character. He look like gay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ look at this hair, his ♥♥♥♥ing face!0/10 ♥♥♥♥ YOU, Crapcom!"
,Not Recommended,254700,26241865,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Torna,Yet another speedrunned PC port
76561198143794662,Not Recommended,254700,12453980,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,tenvion,"This remake is pathetic, don't even bother if you are going to use mouse and kerboard to play.----------------------------After playing it more, there are more problems:  game in slow motion?? ---> Turn off HD mode, motion blur, lower resolution, etc... --->  still lags in some areas.  My pc can run RE6 at highest setting, so what is the problem capcom?"
,Recommended,254700,10244859,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"When I played and wrote this review, I was using a Radeon 5850 HD. I have a much better and newer Geforce 750 now, and so havent played it on the new card. I have a hunch though that unless you're in possession of a high-end rig, you're better off avoiding this port - if you must have it on max graphics. Chances are you've played Resident Evil 4 about 19 times already anyway, I'd hope.There's nothing inherently wrong with the game but the fact is that even on a medium spec machine, which easily dominates the consoles this HD port was released on 2 years ago, the performance is going to be sub par. I can't explain why a game that runs at 1080p/60fps on a powerPC Xbox 360 machine runs like crap on a PC - obviously it's the advanced FXAA and such - but it's pretty ridiculous. Any time the particle effects become intense on the screen (So, basically, the entire last half of the game when you are being shot constantly and things are always exploding) your frame rate is going to drop into the single dgits. Better yet, the game doesn't even look noticeably better on PC at max graphics than it does on console. Other than that there are some occasional, weird glitches where if you use a controller, it will occasionally display the QTE prompt using the keyboard bindings instead of the controller, but that's the only technical problem I ever encountered. It also lacks the option to adjust your controller sensitivity, but that isn't a major problem that will stop you from beating the game.As far as the game, it's RE4. Same stuff that was all in the PS2 port except it actually looks the way it was supposed to (You know, remember the PS2 port, and the original PC port by Ubisoft - el terriblay). RE4 ultimate edition comes with a PDF artbook and a 2 disc soundtrack, inherent controller support and the same achievements found on the console release.If you're a collector or completionist, I'd get this game, but just make sure your machine can run it."
76561198261197586,Not Recommended,254700,29524913,Posted: 27 January,all,marianoyuba,"I can't believe i'm saying this, because RE4 is a game i've had on 3 systems now (meaning, i LOVE it), and, even if we ignore the fact that the remaster is barely an upscale, and that their inability to make the game conform to modern controls makes it EXTREMELY uncomfortable to play on mouse/keyboard (This is how the game was, so....i can't QUITE fault it for that, but it they updated REmake's scheme why the hell couldn't they do it here!?), it is simply unacceptable that this port has things like audio stutter and crashing when you exit to windows! Truly, it's a mess of a port, and, i'm very sorry to say, i really do regret this purchase! I should have listened to that gut feeling telling me to stick to the Wii port."
76561197972221721,Not Recommended,254700,26168954,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Splat,"If the universe was such that you had to pay extra to not play this game, I would pay extra.  I don't understand how there could be such high reviews for this game.  I feel I was tricked into buying it.  Movement is just horrid.  I could only play it a few minutes before I decided I would write my first review.  The much older half-life series has aged much better."
76561198141359432,Not Recommended,254700,12282708,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,KING FUCKI8NG DUCKFORD,"Bought this and Biohazard 5 from Steam, as I'm a big fan of the original three.  Very dissapointed in both games, they are now just generic 3rd person shooter, generic action, and not survival horror.  Didn't feel like a true RE/Biohazard game, felt like a completely different series, just with old characters and a few puzzles thrown in.  The botton mashing action scenes, which only an autistic who lives in his parent's basement and for whom his video game addiction is his only purpose in life would enjoy.  I will not buy another game in this series."
76561198038115757,Not Recommended,254700,12359244,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,iBlaspz,Crappy controller settings to navigate. Did capcom forget how to develop a FPS game?
76561198125034746,Not Recommended,254700,12492496,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rush,"as a huge fan of the game from ps2 , i bought the game with high expectations but the gameplay is like on x32 slow-motion .that really sucks"
76561198126023817,Not Recommended,254700,12786540,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DeLtA_FoRce(K!!LlEr),I have a problem.I play on pc but is a very big problem with the lag and the mouse sensivity to max is very low...and I have a good pc processor.....please help
76561198296274988,Not Recommended,254700,30644852,Posted: 20 March,all,Gopnik101%,"Is there a way to refund this. This is a good game, but I got the slow mo glitch and I can't fix it."
,Recommended,254700,9287959,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sebine,"Is it just me or does the game act... slow??Leon swings his knife slowly, as though he was hampered by molassesHe runs slowly, as though through waterWhat the hell??"
,Recommended,254700,30762954,Posted: 26 March,all,Becca♥,i love shooting foreigners
76561197972545114,Not Recommended,254700,30779824,Posted: 27 March,all,obaccala,not good at all.....so boring and old school.this game is over compared to the other scary games today.animations are not smooth and the camera makes me fell sick.I bought in sale but I wasted my time and my money.
,Not Recommended,254700,34389906,Posted: 21 August,all,BananaCat,"Doesn't match my pc specs just this one though, I'm able to play other REs"
,Not Recommended,254700,32758492,Posted: 24 June,all,sG | spookymoshr [SO],< FIXED 30 FPS >< FIXED 60 FPS >
76561198007239918,Not Recommended,254700,30743578,Posted: 25 March,all,Spills51,"I used to love this game. Played all the way through it on GameCube. Just to give you a reference from the poi I'm coming from.So let's start with the graphics. Maybe It's just been to long but to me the game still looks like a gamecube game.Despite putting this in 4k and jacking everything up to ultra the Textures give me a headache.Ugly...as sin. The ground to the walls etc just are SO BAD it makes me cry.I'm not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥.To give you a reference I also own The original Resident Evil remastered. I think the graphical overhaul to that game looked phenomenal. I know it's a different scheme but regardless the game is impressive.This one is not.The characters may be in HD but that probably is for the worst.Just seems like they put very little effort into the overhaul imo. (If you get it just look at the outside of the car when your being escorted to the village, THEY UGLIEST LOOKING TEXTURED CAR IN THE HISTORY OF HISTORIES>>>NO JOKE)The control scheme is still jank as♥♥♥♥♥♥but if you have pleyed RE this won't suprise you.People seem to act as if it's a good control scheme. ITS NOT. It was an improvement for RE series. Not even remotely decent for any game outside of it. Gears of War scheme is not even related to how bad these controls are, so when you read the relation just know these people are blind and perhaps work for Capcom or they have had some brain damage.As far as the story it is complete cheese. That is obviously good or bad depending on what you like. (THEY TOOK THE PRESIDENT""S DAUGHTER!!!! OH NOES!!!)No FOV which means youll be up close and personal to the back of Leons head and right in front of a ton of UGLY TEXTURED WALLS.If you played this game and like it then it is what it was then. I wouldn't reccomend getting this over any of the other versions if you can get those cheaper.Nothing in this feels justified paying more if that is the case.When I played this long ago I only played consoles.Only thing I can think at this point is being so used to playing PC the last few years and not playing any consoles has made me a bit(??) jaded.Bad graphical overhaul and ARCHAIC controls mixed with CHEESE makes me wonder how I actually ever thought this was a great game.Ah well...times change I guess."
76561198097138924,Not Recommended,254700,30672542,Posted: 22 March,all,maoodee,resident evil 4 in pc is so ****ing bad and crash alot of tims the it is hard to aim or even walk
76561198058884587,Not Recommended,254700,30713117,Posted: 24 March,all,Technoramen,"Horrible port of a great game. For starters the optimization is so bad the game barely runs on my rig, which can run fricking Resident Evil 7. Next, the port is so lazy you can't even change the volume in-game. Finally, the keyboard remapping system doesn't seem to work (I could never reload my gun). I found all that out within fifteen minutes. Give me my refund."
76561198065436470,Not Recommended,254700,33102534,Posted: 1 July,all,[IG] Pendragon,"The game never started, tried everything. gfkyrslf capcom"
,Recommended,254700,23251233,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),Glad that Capcom didnt f*cked up this port.
,Not Recommended,254700,11973929,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,They said it was good. It is not good.
76561198383466474,Not Recommended,254700,33585892,Posted: 16 July,all,Kaybaybay,"I hear so many good things about Resident evil, especially 1,2,4, and 7. I got 4 and the second I started playing I noticed what many had complained about. You cannot move the characters direction with the mouse. The mouse turns camera view but to turn the character you must press a and d. So your often pressing w,a, and d which did not sound so bad to me. It is really difficult and I only played 15 minutes. The game just started, I assume I would die over and over before I can get the hang of controls. I bet its an awesome game and I really wish I could play it but I cannot."
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,254700,25801241,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,7thsojurn,I got this game thinking they really fixed the control issue that this old game had but no.  They claim that they fixed it using the mouse but the game was better in the older version with out the mouse control feature.  It aims like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the issue they had in the old version  where when you leave the 1st town and they roll a  rock down on you and you have to run and dodge it. I did it in the older version with just keys for conrols but this mouse or what ever you need to do to dodge it i don't know.  Even if i did it would not matter the game still runs like  sh@t  with the improvements of the mouse add is worse.. Don't be fooled by the game works better now with the mouse contoller fixed thats untrue it run like i said sh@t and Also it bug out all the time with the mouse and will not aim causing you to die a lot and other bugs in the graphics... Don't buy this game...I'm unsure why this would not be helpful to some people it is clear to read that the game works not that well what else do you need to know if you ever played this game the older version you would know this...
,Not Recommended,254700,29232970,Posted: 13 January,all,envoy23,do not buy this crap unless you like 1950's game play and looks
76561198208225760,Not Recommended,254700,26295283,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Klumsy,I'm a PC player and this game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls. So I don't care about a legacy or a storyline or whatever.
76561198128581608,Not Recommended,254700,12601042,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,mo_karime,this game is good i love resedent evil but it dosent work right its a ripoff and it goes slowmotion when its in story mode the voices go faster than the picteers
76561198037016488,Not Recommended,254700,34332816,Posted: 18 August,all,artistheat,"This is the second Resident Evil game I ever played ... the first one was the original way back in the day...brought this one on sale wanted to give it a go . . .the controls are very awkward . . .sometimes when i try to run i end up going in a circle ...don't like how they work ,got to the first town, it's all right when your walking but as soon as you try to run it gets crazy ..don't like how everything function..so i just quit ...i tried the RE 7 demo and the controls are much,much better maybe later on i'll get that one and give it another go with the resident evil game,but for now ...play RE on a console i'm sure it must work better then on a computer"
,Not Recommended,254700,32835634,Posted: 26 June,all,Pizza Time,wtf it doesn't support my wii controller 3/10
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,254700,23646929,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"Resident Evil 4 is not worth your time.To describe RE4 in three words: Uninspiring, clunky, mediocreRE4 was met with critical acclaim when initially released in 2005 and is also considered by many critics as a pinnacle of achievment within its genre. While RE4 has some good things going for it, it simply does not hold up well when compared to its predecessors.When comparing RE4 to its competition, RE4 is simply not worth your time; I will walk through why RE4 does not quite deserve the acclaim it has garnered.The good:+ The new HD textures are nice from the update+ Huge environments with hidden treasures and some cool puzzles. Great for players who enjoy exploration.+ Innovative and creative enemiesThe bad:- The controls are simply horrendous. You cannot move while aiming your gun. You cannot strafe. When you turn while aiming, it takes an obscene amount of time. I understand the goal of this is the aptly named ""tank controls"" (really slow and it ""creates suspense""), but the problem is it doesn't make the game feel smooth. In fact it makes the combat feel choppy and interrupted. Essentially, the movement is clunky and it does not flow well. When you get backed into a wall the camera can mess you up really bad and it becomes difficult to control Leon. The controls are by far the biggest detriment to this game. And the controls are bad. Real bad.- The inventory and weapon swapping. You canNOT swap weapons through a wheel - you must OPEN THE MENU AND MANUALLY SELECT any item you wish to use. Limited resource space is fine. You can't have infinite stuff and it forces you make choices. Good. But going into your inventory screen simply to swap weapons? Are you serious? Opening up the menu, swap to a shotgun, shoot a few times, open the menu again, switch to a grenade, use the grenade, open the menu AGAIN, swap to a pistol, - get the idea? Frustrating, tedious, and does not flow well. This was fine for the first Resident Evil (1996) - but RE4 was released in 2005. Having a weapon swap like this from a 2005 title is unforgivable.- You do not have the option of playing in first person - third person only. I understand RE is a third person franchise, but I don't see the hurt in givng the player the option of using first person. I only mention this because the camera messes up so bad in third person when you are near walls. This wouldn't be an issue in first person.- Controling Ashley is annoying although it isn't a super big deal if you use your Z commands correctly. Still, why did the developers create scenarios where you have to babysit. It doesn't make sense for this genre.- The actual storlyine is borderline acceptable at best. It doesn't create much suspense and there is zero character development. Good characters make good stories. That doesn't exist here.- The voice acting and the dialogue between the characters is super cheesy and made me want to vomit.In summary:  The controls suck, the inventory system is outdated (even in 2005 it was outdated), and the storyline/characters are cringeworthy.Comparisons to other shooters from its time and its predecessors:- Resident Evil (1996) - Arguably one of the most important titles in gaming history - characters and dialogue were a bit cheesy here as well but it's easy to look past this; nonetheless, innovative and inspired the industry.- Half Life (1998) -  A superior title in gameplay, story, and controls.- Unreal (1998)  - A superior title in both gameplay and controls although its story is lacking.- System Shock 2 (1999) - A superior title in  gameplay, story, and controls.- Deus Ex (2000) - A superior title in  gameplay, story, and controls.Take for example Half Life. Widely considered one of the best games of all time. It came out in 1998. SEVEN years before RE4. Still, in 2005, RE4 continues to use an outdated inventory system and movement and controls which are beyond comprehensible. How is this even possible? RE4 simply does not deserve the praise it has received.In a vacuum, RE4 is a decent game. If the controls and weapon swapping were better, it would still be mediocre due to a boring story and horrible characterization. Take a step back and compare RE4 to its competitors - it simply does not hold up. There are many other titles that do what RE4 does much better and that is why RE4 is not worth your time.6.0/10"
76561198180199478,Not Recommended,254700,23195290,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Piko-Sama,"dont buy, it runs like crap on any pc that isnt running XP *32 bit."
,Not Recommended,254700,23195268,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Kharne,"The horror element of Resident Evil died when this dumbed down piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥was released.The only cool part was the midget pirate who owned a castle. Other than that, mediocre ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overrated third person shooter that wasn't scary, at all."
76561198156055030,Not Recommended,254700,33133206,Posted: 2 July,all,IXTaiLS,I love this game. Sucks it couldn't run on my laptop. Will change my recommendation once CAPCOM fixes this.Win 10GTX 1060Intel 7th GenASUS
,Not Recommended,254700,23564371,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,parslow,"I got a weird 'heavy blue filter' that made the game look horrible and desaturated. Also the original controls on the Gamecube that i played it on were tanky and awkward, but this version's controls and over the shoulder perspective were absolutely horrendous (IMO of course). This is a good game and I would normally recommend it, but I had issues with it (and nostailgia is not strong enough to bother looking for support). Hopefully it works better for you."
,Not Recommended,254700,28481183,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Baking Soda,THE GAME WON'T EVEN LAUNCH IN WINDOWS 10 AND CAPCOM REFUSES TO FIX IT. FCKED UP COMPANY.
,Not Recommended,254700,28609378,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SplatteredShrapnel,"Waited until it was on sale to buy it and it still turned out horrible. The controls are shakey an unreliable. Even now that they have added support for using your mouse, the abitlity to strafe is absent from the game. Also, the fact that you walk around, holding your weapon, but you have to trigger some action to ""prepare"" to attack before you ACTUALLY start attacking is just idiotic.Maybe this was really excellent on Game Cube, but on PC, it's terrible. Don't even wait until the summer sale to get this. Just skip it."
,Not Recommended,254700,14503597,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,False God Meowcifer,"I'm just going to be honest, It's♥♥♥♥♥♥Resident Evil 6 is like this but soooo much betterDo yourself a favor and buy that instead"
,Recommended,254700,9295684,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,siegeh25,"for a very old (and ugly for a HD edition) game, its not optimized well, aside from that it's an ok story with great gameplay but i don't see myself replaying it anytime soon. 6/10"
76561198245557852,Not Recommended,254700,25700650,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,YungCapo,Crashes when used with windows 10
,Not Recommended,254700,30746888,Posted: 26 March,all,DuCKy csgoroll.com,"Not The SameI played this game when I was younger on my playstation 2 and fell in love with it. I expected to get that same feeling I had many years ago when I bought this game but that wasn't the case.The reasons for this are as follows (keep in mind the narrative and mechanics are excellent):Controls are clunky (at best) on console and almost unplayable on PC.Although it's HD the textures still l.The port runs smooth enough for me but my PC isn't what you would call a budget PC. (poor port)But my main complaint:It just doesn't feel the same, which I can't blame the creators of the game for. I can't pinpoint it but I just had this gross feeling that this game just wasn't good. The story is great, characters are great, hell even the voice acting is good but this remaster just isn't good.4/10"
76561198031775250,Not Recommended,254700,12612735,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kahuna,"The gameplay is really bad, the controls are worse than other 3rd. person games from the time (star wars:battlefront, mafia, etc...).The controls of octodad were better."
76561197965239456,Not Recommended,254700,29137052,Posted: 9 January,all,Soldier of Misfortune,"This game may have a great storyline and whatever else but the game-breaking controls are absolutely deadset horrendous. I have never come across a game with such clunky, awkward and at times simply unplayable controls.(I am using keyboard/mouse at the moment and will revisit this game once I have purchsed a controller of some sort. However, that will not be in the near future)Whoever thought it was a good idea to be unable to move whilst aiming has most likely never played a shooter-type game in their entire lives. And let's make no mistake, Resident Evil 4 *-IS-* a shooter. Bad guys in the way. Player shoots them all dead. Player progresses through the game. There is no option to circumvent incidents of conflict.It makes absolutely no sense at all. A United States Special Agent tasked with rescuing the daughter of the President has a hard time facing village peasants armed with farming tools simply because the controls do not reflect the characters training as that of a Special Agent.Never before have I been so utterly disappointed in the way in which a seemingly great game is downright unplayable due to horrendously bad controls.Not recommended."
76561198073797601,Not Recommended,254700,29577483,Posted: 29 January,all,rcarpenter7,THE CONTROLS MAKE THIS GAME UNPLAYABLE.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
76561198031827492,Not Recommended,254700,28427766,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jostom,"Bought this game out of curiosity for the series and the overwelming positivity this game has.This game might have been decent 20 years ago.The controls are absolute crap.Your dude moves like a freaking battle tank, as in very little and very poorly.So far the only terror i had was due to the fact that the controls are so bad that even in slow motion i still cant get the battle tank dude to turn or shoot or do what i want.I even bought a xbone controler to play this game and its still virtually uncontrollable.other than nostalgia dont waste your money on this, its not worth it."
,Not Recommended,254700,29266131,Posted: 14 January,all,mini nut,not a horror game at allEDIT:but id bang ashley 10/10
,Not Recommended,254700,26145154,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,☢ _ Krieg™_ ☣,The control mechanic for this game is just terrible.Played it just to get 4 trading cardsThis game sucks
,Not Recommended,254700,34200885,Posted: 12 August,all,FLY-BOY,"This game used to work, but when I replaced my HDD after it fried, it suddenly refuses to work. I have tried my very best to make it work, but unfortunatly it doesn't work"
76561197984215359,Not Recommended,254700,34359351,Posted: 19 August,all,thungurknifur,"Bought this based on the very favourable reviews.Seems like people are nostalgic and don't realize what a potato this game is.Horrible controls, boring story, awful acting.Just crap basically, now in HD.Don't buy at any price."
76561198072187551,Not Recommended,254700,26622571,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Wolfgang,"*TRIGGER WARNING: Unfavourable review; may require safe space and colouring books. Gender pronouns may be heteronormative. Thesaurus required.*TLDR- This game is a crappy console port with unplayable controls.I bought this on sale as part of the RE4/5/6 package.I got about as far as the first save point before I got sick of playing this...the game could be described as an intoxication simulator, and it gave me a realistic idea of what life would be like if I had walrus flippers for arms and my feet were put on backwards.The third person perspective is way too close fot the narrow FOV, it makes the game feel like you are following the main character around with your hands stuffed down the back of his pants while wearing a goldfish bowl on your head.The character movement is sluggish and clumsy, it is like the character is heavily sedated and lacks peripheral vision and depth perception. If this was done on purpose to make the game more challenging, it may have worked, but not in a way that makes for an enjoyable game. Just walking down a curved path is a dreadful chore that makes churning butter seem like fun.I'm not the world's ultimate gaming badass, but I could usually take on a group of 8 or 9 slow moving unarmed European villagers if I had an automatic handgun and a frag grenade without the urge to ragequit, sell my computer and join a monastery.The reduction in graphics quality and poor optimization makes the game seem older than it is. I think the original Half Life game had better rendering and visual appeal than this one. Despite the potato quality graphics, and the fact that I run a newer high end gaming rig, this squeezes out a pitiful 24 frames per second. I might as well have built a time machine and travelled back to 1996. At least then it would still be appropriate for me to hit on high school girls and not have the cops called on me EVERY SINGLE TIME.Aiming at targets? LMAO...good luck. I tried adjusting the sensitivity on the controller to make this easier, but it is still like trying to kill a mosquito with a wet bag of flour. They threw in an aiming laser to try to make this tolerable, but it doesn't help. It would be better if they just used an aimbot...even slow moving targets take 5-8 seconds to get a fix on. Considering the fact that it takes about 17 or 18 headshots to kill the most basic enemies, this game could easily make the Dalai Lama shout abusive profanity at his grandmother.Overall this game did a good job of illustrating the considerable difference between console games and pc games, and why the two don't mix. The only way to port a console game IMO is to re-do the whole thing from the ground up to work properly on PC. It can be done, and it has been before, but I get the impression that the devs just wanted to squeeze a few more bucks out of the franchise...the PC gamer got the sloppy seconds here, and boy, they sure are sloppy.Steam was good enough to refund my purchase with no hassle, so kudos to them for resolving the matter. Let's all give Steam a big hug for being a good sport and giving me back my precious hard earned money. If you knew how many orphanages I had to rob to earn that money, you would understand my strong feelings.This would be a perfect gift for someone who is responsible for the death of one of your loved ones, or perhaps Gitmo detainees could be forced to play it as a less humane alternative to waterboarding."
,Not Recommended,254700,30581011,Posted: 17 March,all,[HSOWA] Chip Of Dell,What kind of trash is this? Can't believe I wasted money on this garbage. Maybe if you ♥♥♥♥ didn't jerk off to your memories of playing it on gamecube so much it wouldn't have such bloated reviews. Gay af fam
76561198332043463,Not Recommended,254700,28534949,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ashmaker,This game is awful. Control scheme sucks. Story and dialog are outrageously bad...its turned the series into a god damn action game. DONT buy this game.
76561197971229654,Not Recommended,254700,30401628,Posted: 8 March,all,StAUG,"Played for 10-15 minutes and uninstalled. I get that the game is 10 years old, but the over-the-shoulder tank controls are absolutely intolerable. Strongly not recommended."
76561198324795834,Not Recommended,254700,34318417,Posted: 17 August,all,plscallmechung999,lol.. why i buy weapon then i equip it then wil gone in my inventory? where is my weapon go
,Not Recommended,254700,34335490,Posted: 18 August,all,Schattenjager X,"Surprised to see so many reent positive reviews of this game. I'm sure it was great back when it first released and stuff but it really didn't age well in terms of mechanics. The controls are truly terrible and it really is something that they could have fixed when they went through the trouble of remastering it. No strafing and having to turn your character with A and D is something that designers understood were bad design back in the 16 bit era already and no moving whilst aiming so no moving and shooting? What's that about?So unfortunately no, I really cannot recommend this game to anyone who has gotten used to playing modern first or third person shooters, which would be most people."
76561198010852015,Not Recommended,254700,28493683,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,gmcgerald,"Never played this when it came out, its an old game but had good reviews in the past so I figured it was worth a shot. The game play is terrible. Controls are awkward and everything moves increadibly slow. On top of that occasional crashes made it not even worth finishing."
76561198216751252,Not Recommended,254700,23482238,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,cocomisu,"Game runs fine. I played this 9+ times on Wii back when it came out. When I played this PC version though, I got ready bad motion sickness."
76561198073174044,Not Recommended,254700,31009607,Posted: 7 April,all,stubox8,"A THOROUGHLY UNPLAYABLE GAME.Doesn't support ""look and strafe"" movement, opting for a ""always facing direction of travel"" with a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor field of view,and a motion sickness inducing ""look left/ right"";crappy weapon control;lame cut scenes for ""search item"";DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.I pity the fool, who buys this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,26326138,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rotten Ruthus,"guys i dance, and I do too much feminine moves to joke with my coworkers at work as most of them are females .. but i still dislike to represent a man as female in my game :( and i promised to let the game source open for who wishes to change the animations as you want or desire .. is not that fair enough? and please if you wanna do side talks send to my pm its upsetting that i wait for interactivity with the thread, so do not fill the thread with side talks! and while i am free to clear my opinions towards some stuff, I DISLIKE NUDITY AND GAYNESS with all my respect to every one .. and if i am still not clear I AM OK WITH GAYS BUT NOT OK WITH GAYNESS ATTITUDEimmediate refund"
76561198008209908,Not Recommended,254700,28494708,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Crispy,Old & clumsy gameplay & controls
76561198122952324,Not Recommended,254700,28498281,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rampster27,"if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls then oh boy is this a game for you.you will want to kill yourself as soon as you realize that you cant shoot and walk at the same time.rev up those fryers, because i sure am ready to get the ♥♥♥♥ outta this game."
76561197987838865,Not Recommended,254700,9285826,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,OldGuy  <DEM-DER,the controlls of this game horible. iam so sad. give me back my money. how can you put a game like this out. steam get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
76561198051528849,Not Recommended,254700,23573883,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[66th] Grooner [DanishGuy],"Resident Evil 6 was better. So was Gears of Halo, GTFO.It's just some ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console peasant port with tank controls and textures from 1923. How is this praised by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gamecube peasants? Because Console peasants are garbage.Also suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s kyskyskys."
,Recommended,254700,19177987,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Egg Robo,good game but lacks call of the duties 0/6
,Recommended,254700,18872708,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,Still as great as ever!
,Recommended,254700,18885474,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,0.00 You can (not) win,Ashley Graham 10/10
76561197970443829,Recommended,254700,9858440,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Baffen ☂,"The new HD texture package is quite neat, but nothing beat the classic game (Gamecube edition in my case).The controls are quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times, but that isnt gonna change and when/if you get used to it, you can still play the game without being dragged down by it :-DIf you like RE4 its almost a most-have for another playthrough, but if you have your old PS2, Wii, GC, you´ll be better off"
,Recommended,254700,9327008,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Syrup,"What great nostalgia this game brings! The controls are a bit odd and there is a few bugs here and there, but this game is solid and will bring tons of replayability thanks to its unlocks and multipule story lines."
,Recommended,254700,10678464,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soul Z3R0,"Best game in the series! I played this all the time on my PS2, and this version is even more fun. Graphics are beautiful, and no matter how many times I comeplete it the game remains comepletely replayable.Definitely 10/10 - Masterpiece"
,Recommended,254700,10665192,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LazyJackal,"Okay, so a little history. RE4 was originally released for Gamecube only. This was a time when Nintendo owned eclusive rights to sell Resident Evil games. It was AMAZING! The game had some amazing features for its time, and utilized all of the GC's special shaders and effects. Even on a fat old SD tv you felt SO there. Capcom saw the sucsess of RE4 and saw many PS2 gamers wanting to play it (Remember, Nintendo had exclusive rights, but only to the MAIN series. Spinoff titles like RE: Dead aim and RE: Outbreak could be released on the playstation, only if they stared no characters from the main series. These events are still cannon though)So then came RE4 for PS2. Being port of the Gamecube version, things like those special shader effects for fog and textures just couldnt be emulated on the PS2 hardware. To make up for the lackluster visuals (and because it had already become a trend, even in the Resident Evil series) Capcom added costumes and weapons not previously availible to the Gamecube version. This pleased PS2 gamers, but as a young RE fanboy, i felt a bit cheated. I knew i had the superior verson, but you couldn't convince ANYONE there was a difference between the two versions visual quality and atmosphere.There was also an iPhone version....and my eyes bled just looking at it.....the iPad version was even worse!Then Nintendo had launched a new console, the Wii (or if you ar as stuck in 2005 as i am, the Reveloution, which in many ways it was) and rumors of a motion-controlled version of RE4 began to circulate. Naturally i was pumped. I owned a Wii (and many of its dissapointing titles) and couldnt wait to see RE4 in full glory, on nintendo hardware....problem.See the gamecube was a BEAST it could go toe to toe with both of its competitors (the Xbox had nearly double the CPU clock and double the graphics chip speed, than the GC. PS2 was slower than the GC at both, but made up for it with almost 9 times the storage per disc). The Wii however, well it abandoned the specialized things that made the Gamecube special. In short, once again a straight Gamcube port of RE4 was impossible. So they used the PS2 version, which could easily be moddified since it didnt have any of those special things either. What we were eft with is an ugly (albeit, fun) version of a once visually stunning game.Fastforward, the 15th Anniversary of Resident Evil, its announced that HD versions of RE4 and RE: Code Veronica X were coming to PS3 and 360! I was PUUUUMPED! I decided on the PS3 version, since the D-pad is far superior. However HD is a very, VERY loose term for the way these games looked. Code veronica looked okay, but really much like the RE4 GC version, the Dreamcast version of CV will always be superior. RE4...well they just took the Wii version, ported it back to PS3 and Xbox 360.You might be asking; ""What's your point? All youve done is complain about the GC and preached how it was better than sliced bread. It isnt!"" Fair enough, but my point is this. Have you ever had to photocopy a photocopy? I have. Back in school, music teachers would Xerox sheet music to save funds. Sometimes the last copy, would itself be a photocopy of the original. Then you would have to Xerox that Xeroxed page , resulting in a 2nd generation batch of copies. By the third or fourth time, the image had degraded to the point where certian notes or staffs of the music would be illegible. I believe the same thing applies here.Every time this game gets ported, the quality degrades. So don't expect a TRUE HD version of RE4....ever! It would require a complete rebuild of all maps and textures. This is more work than Capcom wants to waste on a catalog game. If you want my advice? Emulate the Gamecube version. The Dolphin emulator has options to display a game at much larger native resolutions. Is it complicated? Yeah, but i dont think any of you will know just how good the Gamecube was, and why RE4 was MEANT to be played on that system. Or maybe you will call me a jackass. Either way, i hope you now know a bit more about RE4 and its post-release history. For more info, or to tell me i messed up some random fact i spewed, message me.Bottom line, it IS still RE4, and it contains all the bonus content from all ports of the game. I am glad it has been digitally preserved, but i SOOO wish HD meant ""All New Textures, with original GC fog effects and bumpmaps"" but it aint gonna happen. Buy it!"
76561198012357306,Recommended,254700,10474469,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jefe,A tough game where saving ammo and eating eggs and all kinds of herb are vital.  But not as important as supplexing villigers and knifing them on the floor or keeping an empty gun until you upgrade at the merchant for free bullets.
,Recommended,254700,10381130,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,FIRE,One of the best Action Horror Games i've ever playedKilled a man with Eggs10/10
,Not Recommended,254700,10397927,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wroter,"Like playing a game while wearing 200 lb. weights on every one of your limbs, and there's a slow motion mechanic that activates at random, outside of your control."
,Not Recommended,254700,10421942,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vrykolokas,"Extremely laggy. I can run Skyrim on high, but this on low is still very laggy. Unless they send out a patch, it's not worth it, and I loved RE4 back when I still had a gamecube."
76561198014819958,Recommended,254700,10168308,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,[FatCat],"This game has kept my attention and entertained me since the PlayStation 2 version. The HD Graphics make it look better, but the gameplay didn't need to be rebuilt because it's so great.. This is one of the times nostalgia won't screw you over.."
,Not Recommended,254700,10042362,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,doot.,Cant evn move adn shot at same tiem.shood aspier to b mor liek call of dutydoesnt even hav funny maymaysmane caractur has girl harecut.0 / ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)p.s. cant quickscope ether. game is ment for hardscopen scrubs.Fazeclan 5 life
76561198028380078,Recommended,254700,9380139,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Arcto,"I had written a review before ranting about the controls and the massive frame rate drop that occur often. Apparently, the developers listened. Now the game is 10x better than before. A new option has been implemented, where you can choose between classic controller setting (for controller users) and modern (M+K users). Although I still experience fps drops frequently, they are less severe, only lasting a second or two, and usually when I'm not fighting someone (and yes, my specs are well beyond the recommended configuration). Props to the devs for listening to their players. 8/10"
76561198137601834,Recommended,254700,10487022,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sharky.shack™,"How come when i play this game ,the chracter move so slow? Can it moving faster like normal game?Can anyone tell me what happen on this game why moving so slow?"
76561198095262351,Recommended,254700,10732491,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ThaWatermelon,First resident evil I ever played. I really liked it
,Recommended,254700,10725155,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Its a Pelican,"Every release of Resident Evil 4 always brings, no matter how small, something new to the table. RE4HD is no exception. It brings the best visuals of any port with the best controls the game has ever had. Well worth the money for any version."
76561198023389678,Recommended,254700,10007639,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Unjust Murder,"The best game in the series. I completed this 20+ times over on Normal and Pro, can't get enough of it."
76561198081862339,Recommended,254700,10059073,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,DarrkRed,"Resident Evil 4 is a classic!  I was stoked to find out that there is a third control option for the xbox controller on this pc version, allowing the player to aim with the right joystick.  One of the best games i have ever played for sure.  Note that this game is very difficult and is hard to get good at.  Only one problem, which is with my computer compatability, gameplay becomes slow when looking at a large waterfall or something else that takes a lot of programing."
,Recommended,254700,10095655,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Decerex,Why the ♥♥♥♥ not buy this game. If you enjoyed it on Gamecube or PS2 you'll love it again10/10
,Recommended,254700,10087635,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,"Donnie ""Wall Man"" Trunk","The story starts out a bit quick and the Spanish in the game doesn't match the setting at all, but don't let stuff like that and the small blemishes deter you from this absolutely fantastic game; I dare say masterpiece from CAPCOM. Every chatacter makes you feel a feeling that you can either relate to, love or absolutely hate. It's one of the best games I've ever played and definitely deserves a spot in your game library if you haven't already picked it up."
,Recommended,254700,9662298,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GaZ the monkey,You play as secret agent leon on a mission to scout  out a rural town in spain after intel suggests that the president's daughter is being held hostage.after the long awaited patch its now really ready to play
,Recommended,254700,9649217,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Analog Jedi,Still one of the best games ever made.
76561198114921854,Recommended,254700,9741241,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Acedsketchy,this is a beautiful remaster of anamazing peace of art!!! thank you!!!!!!
76561198017481804,Recommended,254700,9771816,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,ZakMonkey,"I love this game!  It was very scary, but I had my cat next to me..  Mr. Whiskers makes sure no not-Zombies come after me."
76561198048067687,Recommended,254700,9784122,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Thefiery100,"This game is just simply put great. I'll try to make this review as understanding as possible and clear out what I like and dislike about it. Please be warned that I may include some spoilers here.So to start off, I haven't played much of the Resident Evil games. In fact, the only ones I ever played were Resident Evil 2 and this back in the day. The fact that this game also looks back at the causing events of Resident Evil 2 just amazed me, but it was kinda wasn't necessary considering the game was a whole lot different and had nothing to do with the plot of those past events.I used to own this game back in I think.....I'll take a wild guess and say 2009 or somewhere like that and I used to play it at least 15 hours a day. It was that addictive. Yes, I eventually got bored of it and gave it away with my PS2 and other games, but I never thought I'd replay this game again. Once I saw it was in the store, I got my credit card and bought the game as soon as possible. Why? Because I know, for an opinion, that it was worth it. I was pretty inspired by how the game has been altered in this PC version, a bit different from the console versions but even better. The game kinda slows down from time to time but I won't count that as a con, considering it may as well just be my computer...ha! Back on topic, I know I haven't played this game too much and the fact that I'm writing this review only after playing a bit of it from the PC version barely passing the first part makes me sound like I'm not one to talk....or review. The plot itself is a major development for the game and I loved it. The weapons and combat within the game were also appealing, yet amazing. I truly enjoy it. The fact that the enemies were challenging from the very beginning and got even better as I played through the game was truly a sight! The gameplay is pretty great.Now as for the cons, not too major. Also, this paragraph will be filled with spoilers so read at your own risk. For one, this game really kinda....well.....how would I say it.....did a bad part on including past characters such as Ada Wong and Jack Krauser. The fact that Ada Wong appears out of nowhere on this secret mission and how she ended her mission by betraying Leon was really pathetic in my opinion. Also, what's even worse is how Krauser, Leon's old comrade who used to be partners, friends that had a great relationship, survives the wreck and is all OP with the zombie plauge. Really left me with that phrase, ""Are you kidding me""?, from time to time. Also, the fact that the enemies aren't really.....zombies that deal damage by biting your neck like in RE2 really made the game less scary and horror like in my opinion. See, when I hear the word, ""Resident Evil"", the first topic that comes to mind is zombies. For one, the enemies aren't zombies and are just infected with a plauge. The way they act and the sounds they make is disgusting, kinda annoys me but I can deal with it.Overall, the game is pretty fun. Every game has its pros and cons but one will eventually dominate the other. Despite the cons I saw within the plot and the enemies, I still recommend this game as it'll take quite the while to get bored of and I ain't gonna get bored of this game any time soon. So make the right decision and buy this game if you are looking for appealing action and a great plot along with its challenges ;)Rating:8/10"
76561198108221033,Recommended,254700,9351461,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,NANI??!,"Horrible tank control but after a few hours of playing , you'll get used to it . Great game so far !"
,Recommended,254700,10052370,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,AgentAtomic,"A fine port. Runs perfect on my computer at 60fps with no slow down like other people are saying they get. I play with the M&K because I have no controller and even though I find playing with a controller more comfortable, the M&K controls are fine except for the quicktime events (I found it difficult to react quickly enough to press the X and C keys at the same time) and the controls for organising your inventory are a bit weird.I've completed it three times already and I'm now trying to beat professional difficulty. It's one of my favourite games of all time and you should play it if you haven't already.  Just be wary of the spec requirements as apparently people get slowdown and stuff."
,Recommended,254700,9948013,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Mittenz4kittenz,<3
76561198038450484,Not Recommended,254700,10839145,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,adventure into pancakes,"meh... if you haven't played it then get it.. if you have, I didn't find it a huge upgrade at all.. disappointed I spent money on it."
76561198093059463,Recommended,254700,10839417,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,McGuffin,Awesome game with huge performance improvements compared to the last pc port. Must buy !
,Recommended,254700,10839762,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,StonedMagician,"I've played over 250 games. This is my third favorite of the all. Incredible gameplay and atmosphere, good story, satisfying gore, loads of extras, and immense replay value.Oh, and ten seconds into this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=axZ-SZJhN60#t=1010.0/10.0"
,Recommended,254700,10774857,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[BBS]Broasty,This is one of the greatest games ever. Play it.
76561198092267524,Recommended,254700,10788244,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sora089,loved this game on ps2 but it looks sooo much nicer on pc loving it
,Recommended,254700,11314309,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Talking heads,I ♥♥♥♥inghateAshley
76561198089723755,Recommended,254700,11497769,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Therion,5/10 before patch........10/10 after patch :D
,Recommended,254700,11498171,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,KT,"The best horror game I've ever played, and a must-play for anyone who likes video games. Just get a controller first, you'll have a better time that way."
,Recommended,254700,10952940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shawn Spenstar,"In spite of the ""tank"" controls which can hamper and frustrate action moments, still a fun game, and notably so when getting to New Game+ with unlocks. Getting infinite rockets or the Chicago Typewriter and mowing down enemies who dogged you on your first playthrough is worth it."
,Recommended,254700,10955086,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lunchbox,"Oh the nostalgia I get when playing this game.  I had it for Gamecube back in the day, and absolutely loved it.  It and Wind Waker were my two favorite games for the ol' GCN back in the day.  Playing this game just sends me right back to my room or my buddies house where we would stay up into the wee hours of the morning playing RE4.  Great times.This remake (rather it's just a retexturing) to me stands true to the original.  I will admit, it took me about an hour of gameplay to get back in the control scheme, as it is very different than any game now a days.  You have to think though, not many games rocked the 2-stick movement and aiming combo back then as pretty much all games do now.  I remember CoD 3 on PS2 being the first game I ever played with those ocntrols, and I loved it then and do today.  So, just take some time with the controls, eventually they'll start to feel more natural.  I cannot vouch for M+K control though, as i feel like this game is meant to be played with a controller and that's how I play it.Overall quality of the re-texture?  I think it looks pretty good honestl.  It's not mind-blowing by any means, but it's enough for me to not feel like I'm playing a 10 year old game.  It's certainly no Skyrim or modern day visualy appealing game.  Everything is very dark and gritty and I think these re-texture works with that fine.Now then, I'll get back to reliving my childhood here soon via this game.  If you liked the original, then I think you'll find everything you want in this game."
76561198049226096,Recommended,254700,11125523,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MrSeckSea,"love the game, favorite game of all time"
76561197994215424,Recommended,254700,11128698,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Serin,"I played Resident Evil 4 obsessively back in college, with friends and most often with alcohol. We never got tired of one-upping each other's Mercenaries high scores and trying to see how far we could get on Professional mode without dying. When I saw there was an HD port of it, I couldn't resist. So how did it stack up to the memories?For starters, it looks beautiful. It struck me several times while playing how much creepier some of the enemies were (the dogs, the Regenerators, etc.) with the graphic overhaul. It also played great on my cheap little Logitech gamepad, no problems aiming or controlling Leon at all. It was also...well, let's say extremely reasonable when it comes to getting achievements. The hardest is beating it on professional mode, and while no small feat, I appreciated the dearth of BS ""would never do this in a million years if it weren't for a cheevo"" type accomplishments.The biggest con would be the occasional slowdown. I usually got this when exiting the merchant's shop and once in a rare while after closing my inventory. It's not a deal-breaker, but it was a bit annoying.Other than that, if you were a fan of the original, get this one as well! Running through one of the best games in the series is a real treat."
,Not Recommended,254700,11131170,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SmashTheTV,"Runs like a dog, on a good computer too."
,Recommended,254700,10848797,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SRidge52,"Quite possibly the greatest game of all time. You owe it to yourself to play it.Good:- Lengthy campaign- Weapon variation(so fun)- Combat(the best)- Mercenaries- So much stuff to do, but not overwhelming- Cheesy dialogue- Headshots- AtmosphericThe bad:N/A"
76561198056360542,Recommended,254700,10959620,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OhClarkem,"Definately a good buy, brings back the memories of playing this on the ps2 when I was younger."
76561198004615084,Recommended,254700,10961121,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OoodlesNNoodles,"The best Resident Evil ever, other then Resident Evil 2 of course."
,Recommended,254700,11053849,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jamvng,"10 year old game, but still an amazing game. Gunplay is super satisfying, and pacing is excellent. Still has one of the best single player campagn I've played."
,Recommended,254700,11001400,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,rich uncle skeleton,"Good PC port. The game has aged a little, unfortunately."
,Recommended,254700,11041087,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"This game looks great in HD, resident 4 changed the franchise with its fast paced action and influenced tons of games with its over the shoulder aiming system. Anyone who missed out in playing back in the console days should definitely consider getting this, after nine years this game is still awesome."
,Recommended,254700,11041792,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Malencio,Awesome horror survival.  Might be an old game but it still looks pretty enough so don't let that deter you.  The gameplay is really just top notch.  Health and ammo are scarce but not enough to force you into an impossible situation.  This game is scary.  The atmospheres of every environment are incredibly well constructed.  Enemy mutters and breaths are audible and there's nothing quite like walking out of a door and hearing the rev of a chainsaw right next to you to get your heart pumping.  9/10
,Recommended,254700,11021686,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Alcatraz1015,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. It had tension. It had immersion. It had gameplay. Now, it looks really nice running on the PC. Controls are still tight and responsive. The game itself is basically unchanged from when I played it 10 years ago. If you enjoyed it back then as well then it'll hold some nostalgia for you. I love that my old strats still work in all the areas of the game, making this play through a BLAST! 9/10 It's the classic Resident Evil 4 with PC performance. If Leon could've learned in the academy to walk while he aims and shoots then it would've been 10/10. lol"
,Recommended,254700,11023900,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Marfish,"Resident Evil 4 is easily my favorite game. I first purchased it when I was 12 for the PS2 and I remember just how scary it was but also just how amazing it was too! I purchased this game again because still to this day I will replay it over and over! In a way I kinda wish that they would just revamp the whole game with a different engine instead of repixeling everything but then again beggars can't be chooser. Still, nevertheless it is totally worth the buy!."
,Recommended,254700,11025028,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,『  Tephnos  』,"Remaster of a classic, and arguably the best in the series. Not worth it if you've played the million releases they did for every platform in the world including your toilet, but otherwise a solid purchase. Note that there is an issue where reloading the snipers cause the game to display that particular animations in 30fps for absolutely no reason.In this game you play as an American who is spreading freedom to a rural part of Spain as a one man army whilst saving an annoying whiny ♥♥♥♥♥ because hey, she's American too. On the way you discover that these Spainairds are trying to disrupt the gift of freedom that America bestowed upon the world and for this they must be destroyed. Or something like that."
,Recommended,254700,11060418,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,mostwantedmex,I haven't played this game since it was first released. Playing again after so many years really does bring back a lot of great memories. This is a really great game. Easily the second best of the series in my personal opinion. Highly reccomended
,Not Recommended,254700,11062786,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shplays,"I loved playing this on the ps2 and was excited to see it on sale on steam! however, my computer runs the game in slowmo, with severe audio desync.  ive tried changing settings, and nothing works. my graphics card can handle bioshock infinite on high, but this game seems to have compatability problems so its a not recommended."
,Recommended,254700,11063304,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Buzz,"BY FAR the best third person shooter you will play to date, and I mean it, this is the game that showed us all how TPS games must be done. The story is great, voice acting is excellent, weapons, monsters, bosses, damn this should be in everyone's library, sure it's not that cheap for $19.99 but remember you are playing a masterpiece so that shouldn't be a problem :)"
,Recommended,254700,11071966,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Matrioshka,the only bad thing about this port is it took so long for us to get it
76561198118436297,Recommended,254700,11072664,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,bobbygwalker,"I've been playing Resident Evil since RE2 on PS1 and I think it's been one of the most enjoyable video game series ever, with the exception of RE6 which I did not like due to all the cut scenes. Resident Evil 4 is among the best RE games of all time..there's really nothing bad to say about it and if you're a die hard RE fan, then RE4 could be considered the very best in the franchise. If you haven't had the chance to play RE4 and you like 3rd person shooters with achievements, then you should definitely play RE4!A few things I like about RE5 that should be on RE4 would be the system for buying and selling weapons and the chapter select playthroughs. If those were in RE4 it would be awesome, so that's something I think the creators could come out with in the future for RE4 and maybe some new add on modules to go with itMy only other wish now would be to have the original RE creator redo RE1,2 and 3 in HD :)"
,Recommended,254700,11073720,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[Fallen] Spawn6060,"As i look through all the other reviews, this game gets really hit hard on the controls of the game. As i played it (way back when the PS2 was big (and beating it 6+ times)) i remember the controls being just as, in my opinion, good. Yes, they are not what RE6 is (which i  agree that i like being able to move and shoot, and dodging too). However, this game would be overly easy if they were to put these controls into the game. Thus, though only playing the game 5 hours, this is still just as good of a game as it was when it came out. The only thing that i could really say bad about the game is the random crashes (which irritate me to no end)."
,Recommended,254700,11080764,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Bash,"Resident Evil 4 is the game the franchise reinvented itself with. Gone are the static camera angles, the ""high-mid-low"" aiming system, and the puzzle-focused and ammo-starved trappings of its forefathers. In its place is a comprehensive melee system, precision aiming, weapon upgrading and a behind-the-back third person camera. Many will argue these are improvements, and I largely agree, but Resident Evil 4 also crystallized the downfall of the series. It's a trend that arguably started in Resident Evil 3 and Code Veronica, and by this point, more games have been made in the relatively newer style of Resident Evils then the old ones.So what is this game, exactly? A third person shooter with horror trappings and plenty of enemies to fight, with a few puzzles and explorable regions for good measure. Resident Evil 4 is one of the last installments to feature back-tracking, and even then it has it in very limited amounts. Instead, you find yourself almost always pushing forward. Rarely are you truly strapped for ammo, as you can carry an expansive arsenal. It also doesn't feature inventory management for puzzles, and the puzzles themselves are straightforward. There are very few secrets to be found in the game, as well. Still, the rewarding gunplay mechanics, the weapon upgrades, the fresh direction for the story and the solo focus are hallmarks of the game. Let's not forget the numerous memorable bossfights, the iconic merchant, the weapon upgrade system, and the animations and sound work.On replay, especially after so much time, this HD re-release of the PC version will show its faults. The castle segment remains goofy and out-of-this-world, and the later ""tactical zombies"" that start showing up cement its transition into action-comedy, though the breath of fresh air that is the regenerators steals back some of the atmosphere. Some bosses are rather simple, others are exciting and interesting, like the Verdugo and Krauser. The story is thin and entirely new, with Umbrella's defeat being proudly announced at the start of the game.. this has the result of making the game's plot feel like a side-chapter, which it honestly is. The game is however a classic, and greater than the sum of its parts. This is easily a 9.5/10 game. However, it's not survival horror, and this is the game that forever changed the series. All games that come after this--especially Resident Evil 6--have completely lost sight of the franchises roots, and are so busy that they make Resident Evil 4 seem flawlessly elegant. If you're looking for a solid but (by today's standards) aged third person shooter with a creepy vibe at times, and an 90s action movie vibe at others, this is a worthy investment."
,Recommended,254700,11070826,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,marco_n65,"I loved it even though the FPS has to be at 30 instead of 60 in order to work properly for a lot of people. The experience is of course different from the game cube and ps2 version, but it is fast to ajust to the keyborad/mouse controls.Highly recommended!!"
76561198004159670,Recommended,254700,10964278,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aerious Blackwind,"A wonderfully HD version of the very satisfying installment to the Resident Evil series. The new enemies the protagonists face are differing from the usual zombies, they are somewhat intelligent and capable of operating devices and weapons. Although they are much slower than the average human being they are also much more durable. This creates a fresh form of antagonist that allows for a much more diverse array of scenarios and battles beyond shooting at copy-pasted hordes of unintelligbles. It is also a much more enjoyable game than Resident Evil 5 for the average player as it does not force the individual to rely on rather clumbsy A.I. or the unreliable online partner or restrict you to playing co-op with a friend. On its own Resident Evil 4 shines.As for a Gamecube to PC transition the graphics are well remade and the controls to a 360 controller are wonderful and smooth ."
76561198052494738,Recommended,254700,10965601,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,arichman27,"Good enough.  If you are having ""slow"" issues, put the game to 30FPS.  That helps a lot."
,Recommended,254700,10980161,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,HamJoinsWill,"Perhaps the most well-designed of of the Biohazard/Resident Evil series, RE4 is a significant departure from previous series staples. Although the pace and setting are different, the survival horror elements mix amazingly well with the action-shooter elements.Playing this game at 60FPS is its own reward, and the updated graphical textures on some objects still holds up today. Sadly, the game's water physics are horridly outdated, giving water effects an almost cartoony, rubbery look. Regardless, this is something very minor and does not detract from the absolutely solid gameplay presented in this title."
,Recommended,254700,12006020,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,..,No problems that I've noticed with porting this over to the PC. Recomend using this texture pack if you end up buying it:http://www.re4hd.com/
,Not Recommended,254700,12068250,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dii Infer,"RE4 is a classic. It is a truly brilliant game in the Resident Evil series that remains unique by mixing horror and action together (can't say the same for its sequels, though). By no means am I giving the game itself a negative rating, but this shoddy PC port gets my thumbs down.When playing the game at first, everything moved in a slowed-down manner (my PC system is above the recommended system requirements, BTW). I looked up the forums to see how to fix the problem, and I altered the game options in accordance to suggestions (keeping anti-aliasing off, switching to 30 fps, turning off motion blur, lowering shadow quality, and turning off HD). The game now runs fine, just as smooth as the game originally did on GameCube and PS2 although some of the graphically busier moments still go rather slow.This is a 9-year-old game, and even then it lags at certain moments. Capcom seriously needs to make a patch to fix this problem. Considering it's an HD release and is supposed to run fine at 60 fps, it's pretty sad how many people aren't able to play the game at its maximum settings. If you have a GameCube, a Wii, or a PS2, or X-Box 360, go ahead and play the game on its console format. This PC port has too many issues.In short...PROS: Same great RE title released 9 years ago, now includes achievements, includes all extra features that weren't in the original GameCube release.CONS: Shoddy PC port with major unresolved issues, doesn't include English subtitles in spite of what the store page says, retails here for $20 yet the game is nearly 10 years old ($15 seems more reasonable), PC controls feel clunky compared to smooth feel on the GameCube and PS2 (I've played those two versions before, but not Wii or X-Box 360)."
,Recommended,254700,12069057,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,INFOWARS  Стивен Сигал,gmae isa good yes much fun 1ovda bst gaems evr
,Not Recommended,254700,12071803,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,nicorich68,"Completely impossible to play with keayboard/mouse configuration (just like tomb raider angel of darkness to give an example). The patch mouse aim, which allow to use mouse direction to walk.., seems not work on steam version."
,Recommended,254700,12083492,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,10gianluca,it an amazing game but the sound comes early
76561198143784316,Recommended,254700,12086968,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Jaclanter,10/10masterpice
76561198044555111,Not Recommended,254700,12087628,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,deathguise1085,"I am very disappointed in this release the start of the game is great, But as soon as you get to the first village 20-30 seconds into fighting the villagers the sound just ♥♥♥♥♥ itself it sounds like if you took a cd scratched the living hell out of it and put it back into your cd player the sounds just skips and skips and skips, i have tried to look online to see if there was a solution but to my disappointment there is not,  i don't know if steam/capcon has any time frame on a patch to fix this issue in the future.... i can only hope"
76561197986986653,Not Recommended,254700,12091557,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,misled_youth11683,"This game drove me insane. I couldn't get used to the clunky controls, had nothing but problems trying to shoot down anything and everything, I couldn't judge the distance to an enemy to use the knife attack very well, and I hated not being able walk and shoot at the same time. Really after only a bit over an hour of play I had died so many times and was so annoyed I ended up just uninstalling it.I'm just happy that I only wasted $10."
,Recommended,254700,12073425,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TopGunHat,One of the best action shooters out there and one of my favorite games of all time
,Recommended,254700,12076523,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,America,so dank
76561198004738934,Not Recommended,254700,12077739,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,AHomicidalTelevision,badly optimized.loads of mouse acceleration.sound effects sound about 20 years old.cant even turn on subtitles.lied about the new features.0/10 would not buy
,Recommended,254700,12078667,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Calvine,CHAINSAW GUY SAWED OFF MY HEAD TOO SCARY DO NOT WANT
,Recommended,254700,12079252,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,darkapocalyptia,Literally went on sale the next morning after I bought this. 10/10.
76561198065661666,Recommended,254700,11902709,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Angeluse,"A wonderfully tense game, Provides a great atmosphere. The mechanics are detailed in that the game has many Hidden ways to accomplish things that you wouldn't expect due to restrictions usually in games. I won't spoil too much.One thing to note is that the Controls are Very difficult. The aiming is slow and jittery, But they are supposed to be this way. The game would be a lot less tense and scary if you could Kill all the enemies in 10 seconds with Pinpoint accuracy.I highly recommend it, especially with a controller. If you can not get used to the slow movement and aiming then i recommend you do not as the game will just become a nuisance to you."
,Recommended,254700,11844830,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,xDischarged,"wait, so what's the change again? f**k that its RE4 m9 BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT *capcom shilling intensifies*"
,Recommended,254700,11919443,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PartizaN.,Briliant game.
,Recommended,254700,11922381,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Xemnas,"I would definately recommend this game to others. I played this game on the PS2 as a kid and I'm glad they remade it on Steam. The Remake brings back old memories and brings in some new ones, now that I'm playing it on PC. It is an old time favorite, and in my opinion, the best Resident Evil game in the series."
,Recommended,254700,12102326,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Holy,"Probably one of the worst ports I have ever seen. Worse than Dark Souls 1, only because it was fixed by the mod-god Durante. The audio studders, the video goes slow-motion. What's even worse it that a developer made a forum post about it bascually saying it had to due with the graphical settings, which honestly came off as insulting to me. Before anyone questions me, yes, I have looked up multiple *fixes* and tried them all with no luck. My computer should have NO problem running this game. Another big issue I have is with the ""HD"" graphics. I honestly cannot tell the difference between the HD graphics and the original. This is hurtful to me not only because I never had the chance to play this when it came out, but because from what I hear it's the best in the series (IMO 1 and 2 were amazing) and they just demolished it. This review only gets a thumbs down because of the audio and video studders. If these problems were to be fixed in the future then disregard this.EDIT: Literally right after I wrote this, I seen a few posts about these problems coming up AFTER the latest update, so I rolled it back to versoin 1.2 I believe and everything works great. Even though it runs fine now, they should still implement alot of changes. Changes like a volume meter would be great, or a FOV changer to zoom it out just a tiny bit, as well as fixing the game to run it in 60FPS on HD."
,Recommended,254700,11947966,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,FaZzy,"""LEON! HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLP"" ""LEON HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP"""
,Not Recommended,254700,11962804,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Metal_DVM,"This ""HD"" edition is just another way for Capcom to squeeze more money out of people.  The game is loaded with bugs/crashes, has serious audio/video sync issues for all but the absolute highest spec systems, and the improved graphics aren't anything to write home about.  Patches?  Forget about it.Capcom has nothing left to offer in the RE series.Until we stop pre-ordering new games and stop buying the millions of editions of existing games Capcom will never make another quality RE title.  Period."
76561198033446134,Not Recommended,254700,9388374,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ice,"Leichte Ueberarbeitung der Grafik und Textdarstellung, aber auf keinen Fall ein HD Release. Leider auch keine neuen Aenderungen die dem Spieler motiviert das Spiel nochmal zu spielen eingebaut. Ist immer noch ein tolles Spiel und die Grafik ist auch um ein Deut besser fuer Sammler der Resident Evil Teile wie mich ein muss. Aber ein fuer ein Gelegenheitsspieler reicht auch die alte 2006 Pc Version vollkommen aus. Zumal in dem Release die Steuerung der Tastatur und Maus grauenhaft ist."
76561198064322619,Recommended,254700,9718299,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,ShutUpLiberal hellcase.com,"As a child i loved this game, it was aboslutly my childhood. Now 9 years later the pc version comes out and all i can say is that it did justice. The game isent perfect but it is RE4.Pros:Its RE4 man comon.60 framesNew HD charactor modelsCons:Really low sensitivity even on maxOnly the models and cutscenes are HDColor scale makes the game more bright and takes away from the horror feelAll in all it was really just what i wanted and i recomend this to anyone who is looking to get there nastalga boner on8.5/10"
76561198092002878,Recommended,254700,9730429,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Trulyy,One of my all time favourites. In my opinion a Masterpiece. 9/10
,Recommended,254700,9739545,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Crimson Apple,GOOD REMAKE
76561198026125091,Recommended,254700,9741001,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,tunaMANN,one if not the best Resident evil games.
,Recommended,254700,9592295,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Squeezy McGrundle,LEEEEOOOON!
76561198101197189,Recommended,254700,9410828,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,gutsy,"totally recommend this game, it does have its issues with 60FPS, but still hold up to its standards.If you are a 1st timer, absolutely play it on 30FPS, it solves a lot of issues currently present or you might rage at the game"
76561198034516607,Recommended,254700,9597706,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Kyno 死亡天使,UH YA This GAAAAAAAMMMEEE  IIIISSSS OOOONNN FIIIREEE BBBEEECCUUAASSEEE IIITTT''''''''SSSSSS SOOOO GOOOODDD
,Recommended,254700,9598636,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Bad Boy Barack,The poop crafting system is amazing.
76561198098446171,Recommended,254700,9747097,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"Still one of my favorite RE games to this day and well worth the money.Pros:Doesn't feel dated at all, it's still tremendously fun.Includes all the features from the past versions ( I.e Mobster Leon).HD textures look greatAshley's shrieks have been lowered to reduce ear bleeding.Smooth 60fpsHigh replay value""Ballistics"" - luis serraCons: ( I only really have one)The QTE's don't function properly. A majority of the time you will die regardless of how fast your spam A. Other times you can set the controller down and pass them without doing anything.Overall 9/10. Buy it."
,Recommended,254700,9749929,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Dweebenheimer,X A dodge10/10
,Recommended,254700,9750565,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tilted,"This. Game. Is. Awesome. I have replayed the crap out of this game! It's definitely a must have! Resident Evil 4 is probably one of the most atmospheric, most unique, and most fun games out here. If you haven't played this game already you definitely should, you will be entertained for hours to come!"
,Recommended,254700,9751391,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,{FITH}™ Bradaphobia {HR},A goldie. One of the last good Resident Evil games. Always a fun game to play.
76561198041175135,Recommended,254700,9311571,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,BeardedSquirrel,Amazingly fun!!!
,Recommended,254700,9311957,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,hell_phone,"quite a good port, not prefect or theft level, but hell, it's  darn good."
,Recommended,254700,9312738,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hugh Janus,"My favorite game ever since it first came out in 2005. Do reccomend, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,9313435,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mephiles,"lol, where to start?Okay, when you get past the main menu and into the game, theres a bit of a noticiable slow down on the graphics if you have it at the max screen setting. Not gonna push this a lot cause I've had issues with other HD or recent games at max settings.However, cutscenes appear to have some bugs, like the opening cutscene suffered from the lag, and the reflection of leon that was support to appear on the window didn't take up as much of the screen as it should have.Then to note: there appears to be no option to go back to the main menu or exit the game after getting into the game... I had to use Task Manager to close it.If I've managed to over look that option, please point it out to me, because it should have been on the options menu, in my personal opinion.I've played this on Gamecube before, so I know its suppose to be a good game... just got to wait on the bugs to be worked out... So I do not recommend this yet until the bugs are fixed, but after that? go ahead :P"
,Recommended,254700,9313447,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kables,Reminds me gamecube memories in HD/60FPS. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9313803,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,FAMSQUAD,No ammo. died alot. Help.
76561198008991328,Recommended,254700,9320970,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Bookoowookoo,WUDDAYA BUYIN
,Recommended,254700,9320980,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,DOGBOYLIVE,bbest gaem 10/10
76561198064932920,Recommended,254700,9321822,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RandomGuy06,"Despite putting this a recommned game which it is depending on how you see it i've have problems from day one i took me atleast an hour in the config to figure out that the Anti-A setting makes my entire screen go black? da fuq? nevertheless the game is the best out all of the verisons out there but the extra's have clearly haven't been show as much love when playing seperate ways i'm using the keyboard and mouse and i can see some xbox buttons mainly ""X"" showing up and when on the mercenries the water lever the fourth stage the screen goes consistanly black for reasons i have no idea of and when playing as krauser his arrows disspear when heading up throw higher levels and the some of the enemies dont even spawn. The game is worth picking up if it was in the steam sales for a cheap price or if the problems will get resolved shortly but if you just in it for the main game and not really picky you should fine this a overall ok experience. 7/10"
76561198069808195,Recommended,254700,9322673,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,killerSNOWDROP,"well ithe slow motion (so far) i have fixed but yeah it is not playable w a mouse so i ordered a game pad which i will have by tuesday, the game looks pretty good but i am sure it will be a struggle as i am used to much faster games, i am a die hard resident evil nut, i never even got through the first 20 minutes of 6 (the cuts scenes kill me)  but i had to have it just to have it.i still have my chainsaw game controller from my back in th day (tried it once that was enough now it looks great in it's box)i am looking forward to playing it just for the memories with a game pad  (no more game cube)but as many out there i am still dreaming of a day when capcom does a full boat remake & remastered of RE 1-4 for today's players on high end pc systems w updated game play.if they do a nice job they will make a bundle because RE fans just never give up & the nuts like me buy it anyway."
,Recommended,254700,9323705,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Container7,It's lovely to have this game preserved on the PC platform. Recommended for gamepad players.
76561197987201959,Not Recommended,254700,9323772,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,orimk,"Unplayable with keyboard/mouse (compared to a normal PC game). Hey, guys, I know it's a port, but how about strafe movement? Switching weapons with wheel up/down?The character feels so freaking sluggish."
76561198063631886,Not Recommended,254700,9324513,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sgt. Lugo™,"Way too much hassle for a PC remake. The game itself is great and will always be remembered as such, but this was put out there with just the intension of bumping up the graphics, clearly.First off, my computer cannot run anything in HD or 60 frames, so that one was useless to me, I just wanted to have it on my computer. This is not a downside of the game though; I think it's cool that they managed to have better textures and whatnot and more power to whoever can run that sort of stuff. I'm just saying this didn't benefit my experience and it's unfortunate that the 60 FPS was one of the only selling points of the game.Second, I could not play this game with a controller because my computer does not accept the USB's of afterglow xbox 360 controllers for some reason. I was stuck with the keyboard, so I wanted to get a feel for it. With all of this in mind; I set it to easy (something I've never seen before in any version of the game). Keep these two facts in mind for the rest of the review, because the two things I've just mentioned were the only selling points of the PC remake; everything else is just Resident Evil 4... with all of the 'new' problems.I've only run through the game one time, which was on easy mode, and I noticed a few major things. I'm not sure if it was because of the difficulty, or if they just permanently programmed it like this, but some of the sections of the game were blocked off or redesigned so that you could pass them right away. My first serious encounter with this was the garden section in the castle. remember both halves of the moon stone or whatever to unlock the door and meet Ada as well as end the chapter? Well, the door was already open when I found it, and the staircase to get in the hedge maze was blocked. They actually moved the red gem for the second mask into another section of the area so that players could still get all the gems and complete the elegant mask. Other instances are getting the grail's in the castle (the king's grail is already set into place) and the clocktower when Salazar taunts you, ""I wonder if you can see us from here, Mr. Kenedy, or whatever (A brawl to get in the clocktower, shoot all the things blocking the gears, and fighting your way out turned into hitting a switch and the bridge is open, no wave of enemies on the bridge either). Again, I'm going to assume this had to do with the difficulty being set to easy, I just found it odd.There were actual problems I've faced with this game though such as control. I'm guessing the developers just assumed everyone would play this game with a controller plugged in, because there are some, quite literally, FATAL flaws with the design. First off, the running sequences where you have to sprint away from the tumbling rock. As a first time player on this new console; I would have NO WAY OF KNOWING what the action keys were and the game did NOTHING to alarm me of them beforehand. Since I was using a keyboard, I was told to tap 'x' as fast as possible, which was easy, don't get me wrong. But remember when you have to dodge it at the end of the track? Yeah, you either get 'x'+'c' or BOTH MOUSE BUTTONS. What the hell were they thinking? I'm spending all my energy trying to mash the x key, but they want me to move my hand all the way to the inessential mouse which I've set aside in preparation 'for' said quick-time event? Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think the worst part is having to die three times on the second rock sequence just to wait for the 'x'+'c' command because I could not, for the life of me, reach my mouse when DODGE came up and flipped me the bird. When running away from the giant Salazar statue, I had to have my right hand mashing the 'x' key and my left hand overlapping my right to hit the correct mouse buttons. It was beyond ridiculous.Here's the second issue: Unless you have a controller; you CAN'T rotate items in your inventory. I tried every button on the keyboard, spent roughly half an hour searching the key bindings (triple-checking for reassurance). So you know what that means? You can't buy the bolt-action rifle. period. It's sold to you in a way so that it's vertical, and no attache case expansion ever makes it wide enough to fit. This is stupid, not only for not being able to purchase the first rifle (which is my favorite since it's damage is insane when maxed out), but you never know how the gun will be positioned until you buy it. I eventually worked out this peculiar system where the semi auto rifle and shotgun remained on the left since they were also positioned vertically, but all of that's ruined as soon as you get a gun that's positioned horizontally like the Colt SAA (Broken Butterfly) You have to reorganize EVERYTHING so that the new gun will fit. All of the ammo boxes were horizontal, but it may sometimes RUIN your system by popping up vertically to make itself some room.Not really a pet peeve, but it was disappointing to see that the 12 achievements for the game are the exact same achievements for the Xbox 360 version. Word for word, action for action, picture for picture. The only difference is that Steam achievements don't give a certain amount of points for unlocking them.That's it as far as negatives go, but as for positives: I like Resident Evil 4. Again, the game itself is fantastic, but this remake had issues that they weren't taking PC considerartion in to. They didn't seem to understand that not everyone plays with a controller. It's not all about graphics, guys. I'd buy it for the console before you consider it on the computer."
,Recommended,254700,9324760,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ClenchingCone66,"Fps drops greatly when there is a lot going on, the better textures are really only in the villages, and the cut scene audio is delayed meaning the sound pays before something actually happens. Its really buggy and it was terribly converted. It's a good game and all, but i recommend to wait a little before getting this so they can fix it."
76561198035992743,Recommended,254700,9325509,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,The VoodooVirus,"A few technical flaws aside, this HD remake of one of my favorite classic Resident Evil games still holds up as a fun and challenging game and has aged very well since it's orginal release. If you want a good trip down memory lane, or if you have never experienced RE4, give this a buy and sink your teeth in."
76561198026946288,Recommended,254700,9326138,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,blvck_dog,Feels like a good pair of jeans
,Recommended,254700,9326232,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,DennyGray2 csgolive.com,"Resident Evil 4, What more has to said? With updated textures, full mouse support (it's sort of clunky but in all honesty it just makes the game feel more like a survival horror) and 60FPS option for those who can run it. The game has been fully remastered and it is by far my favorite vversion of this game (I have bought this game for GC when it first came out, again on Wii, I searched far and wide for an unopened PC copy *Worst copy to date but you have the option of HD mods, character swapping, and model swapping* again for the Xbox 360, and now finally for the PC again but 100% remastered to be the best it can)And as much as I love this game (9.5/10) I would like to take the oppertunity to tell the game developers that my wallet is very disapointed because of you :/ really who needs to remake a game several times...? But I guess I cannot complain, you have given me hours of fun with this new copy :3"
76561198044119344,Recommended,254700,9326339,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Tarma Roving,This game was one of the greatest games I have ever played. I'm glad they had finally made an HD remake on steam. Plays no different than the other Resident Evil 4's on PC. The control scheme on the 360 controller is different but you get used to it quickly. Pure Awesomeness!
76561198022174657,Recommended,254700,9326366,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nightshift82,"Love it at the peice point, brings back fond memories"
,Recommended,254700,9326611,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,J. Norris,"Good graphics, but archaic controls kind of hinder the fun.  I was so used to RE5/6 controls.  I may keep on playing just to see how I do, and maybe, I might get used to it again."
,Recommended,254700,9291148,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lake,Great Game! I've Played This On Every System/Console Possible And Its Amazing Every Single Time!
76561198016734366,Recommended,254700,9291236,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Chngy,"The game is better then the original copy with the mouse control scheme but that leads to gliches and bugseg: turning around in circles and firing all ur ammo u hav, unable to control leon.thats the only bug i have exprienced so far."
76561198046227283,Recommended,254700,9291435,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,LaserLag,Classic
,Recommended,254700,9291897,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Carl Sagan,"Resident Evil 4 is arguably the best installment in the franchise, successfully combining the survival-horror elements of 1-3 with a more action lean, without losing its way like 5 & 6 did. Personally, I also think it is the only game to get QTEs down perfectly, as they come in rather unpredictably and punish you severely (often death) if you don't pay attention.The story is rather basic; you play as Leon Kennedy, the protagonist of Resi 2, who is now a government agent and has been tasked with rescuing the president's daughter from a religious cult in rural Spain. The starting location, a sprawling village, is the most atmospheric area in the game as you unravel why the daughter has been kidnapped, why the villagers are so hostile, and the sinister intentions of the cult. The game then progresses to a castle area, before finally finishing on a military base.The boss fights are rather frequent and varied, requiring a variety of tactics to be defeated from using the environment, to attacking weak spots. The enemies are also varied, from your basic ""zombie"" villagers to a certain, more memorable enemy identified by its raspy breath who often caused downright panic amongst myself and friends.The gunplay of the game also took a forward move, from the fixed camera angles of 1-3 to an over-the-shoulder perspective, allowing more accurate and pin point aiming. You earn money (pesatas in weird amounts) from collecting and selling treasure, and as random drops from enemies and boxes/chests. This is used to buy and upgrade a huge variety of weapons, with each having their own unique ""top"" upgrade. For example upgrading a certain shotgun gives it a clip size of 100 (compared to the usual 10-20) shells, and the basic pistol gets a critical headshot boost.The game has translated to PC very well, after what was apparently a very poor port previously. You get a fixed rate of 60 FPS (unfortunate that it's fixed, but better than most modern titles) and the option to turn HD textures on and off. The HD textures don't quite hold up to more modern titles, but are far from being horrible to the eye. The mouse and keyboard controls are still fairly poor in my opinion, but the game works very well with a 360 controller, carrying over an identical button layout to the Gamecube version. There hasn't been a complete overhaul, more of an update for HD textures and newer PC set ups, so I find the £15 price to be fair.I cannot recommend this game enough. It was one of the defining games of my teenage years, and to be able to play it on PC with updated textures is something I was not expecting until it appeared on the Steam database a few weeks ago. RE4 is a truly brilliant action/survival-horror title, and is far superior to 5 & 6. If you have any interest in Resident Evil, or survival-horror games in general, you will almost certainly love this game.9.5/10"
76561197967670714,Recommended,254700,9291958,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BernSkeetz,"The game is very true to the original port. Same gameplay mechanics, etc. Those complaining about not being able to use the mouse to steer have to realise that this is still legacy code. Using mouse to steer would ultimately break the game. That and implementing the mouse in a game using legacy code not built from scratch at the time without conflicting errors can't be easy. That said, the mouse controls when looking around should be several orders of magnitude faster. Thats one gameplay mechanic of the original, to be able to do a quick 90 to aim at someone from the side, that is broken right now. The game takes a second to recognise you want to aim with mouse which can make your stomache turn. Because the original aiming with controller was slow, using the mouse will not feel like a first person shooter and can be a little aggravating, takes getting used to but can be mastered.Post processing is terrible.30fps is stuttery 30fps whereas the original PC port actually played smoothly (for 30 fps). I find 60FPS feels like it runs too fast, but that could be the smoother animations I'm not used to.When Leon aims his animation for aiming is way too fast and stuttery.The ""better"" graphics had better not be what you're after because the reality is RE4 is still RE4 no matter which way you look at it. You walk around picking stuff up, shooting zombies, then running from zombies because you're out of health and out of ammo. Taking the time to check out the better textures is a little redundant because the models are the same and it will still feel boxy as opposed to organic. However still much better than the original.FMVs look way nicer since they're rendered in game.All that being said, I will recommend this game because this is RE4. It is still the same great game. Just wait a bit for a patch or if anyone figures out what the problem is. Is it because v-sync is on amd causing problems that don't make any sense because it is locked at 60? Should we turn v-sync off in the game and turn it on using the hardware? Helped drastically in Dead Space. Don't buy this game until someone has figured out some of the problems or CAPCOM has patched their game."
76561197972163783,Recommended,254700,9291967,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Cynar,goodbuggy tho
76561197991847271,Recommended,254700,17264111,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DazChief,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTmCtSd02BU
,Recommended,254700,17247327,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,chris,10/10
76561197987281542,Recommended,254700,17256900,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,^7e^59 ^0RuodWolf^5.,one of the best horror action shooter's of all time!! never get bored!
76561198087009722,Recommended,254700,17080989,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Penguin,This is my fav game of all time.If you havent played this game you shouldcontrols are a little funky i would recommend a controller
76561198119504084,Recommended,254700,17231097,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kyle Gass,"Resident Evil 4 is like getting a never ending sugar high, you can't stop playing. This is the best Resident Evil game in this over the shoulder style of gameplay. Did I mention this game makes you feel like you're having an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the whole time playing."
76561198104343371,Recommended,254700,16772167,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Meowmix,It's a wonderful game but seems to have a really laggy start and doesn't fix itself till at least the castle it could just be me but overall awesome game!
76561198028243370,Recommended,254700,16772657,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KillaG,"My favourite game of the series. Unlike the old one, HD edition keeps lagging, though."
76561198039648952,Recommended,254700,10736379,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rzrap,"After seeing some of the negative reviews out there, I was pretty scared when I purchased this for 16 dollars during the 2014 Summer Sale. I had heard about the framerate drops, the mouse sensitivity, etc., and was really scared that I had wasted 16 dollars that I'd never get back. I'd like to say I'm happy that didn't happen - for me.Before I bought the game I saw that there had been a patch that fixed the mouse sensitivity and framerate drops. When I started playing the game, I can say that I had no problems whatsoever with my framerate. It was a solid 60 FPS. The mouse sensitivity was horrible at first, but you can fix it in the options menu, under ""controller"". Anyway, on with the actual game.For me, I had never played a single Resident Evil game except for this one on the Wii. And I didn't even finish it because I got stuck at one point and consistenly ran out of ammo. Also I sucked. Bad. I can say with this game I am pleasantly suprised. For a game released in 2005, the textures and features of the game are obviously not necissiarly up to standard of today's games - but they're not so bad either. The graphics aren't as good as Half-Life 2, but they are fairly close. Even though it says 'HD Edition' not all the textures are up to today's standards as you would think.My only two complaints gameplay-wise is the fact that you can't walk and shoot at the same time. It's not too bad, and you get used to it after a while. The only other thing is that you cannot use the mouse to help guide your character in the direction you want them to go. A good example of what I mean would be something like Dead Space. However, this is another thing that can be overlooked while playing the game.All in all, I have enjoyed my time so far with Resident Evil 4. It's been fun so far, and I haven't had any gamebreaking problems yet. Hopefully I don't run into any; so far it doesn't seem like I will.Rating - 8/10 (As of 6/23/14)"
,Recommended,254700,17068326,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,CxRGames,"A must play. Probably my favorite game of all time (Next to The Last of Us) From the fun new weapons to the difficult puzzles, to the intimidating enemies, this game is so much fun and so well done. I've beaten this game maybe 7-8 times back on the PS2 and this just brings back some of my favorite memories playing this over again. MUST BUY!!"
76561197987356236,Recommended,254700,16971837,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Valik,"Absolutely amazing game. Great story, very nice atmosphere, characters are amusing, and stage design is well done. Good inventory system, nice guns that feel more than pea schooters, upgrade system for weapons is nice. Mosters are freaky and well designed just like the bosses. Almost everything in the game feel satisfying, slightly choppy gameplay at times due to port imperfections, but good enough. Highly recomend to any resident evil fan, a great combination of story, horror, survival/resource management, action, all together make a unique gameplay that remains solid from the start to the finish."
76561197990672230,Recommended,254700,16975027,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,NineByNine,"We all remember how stupid and yet how great Resi 4 was right? We all remember how godawful the PS2 port was, and how betrayed we felt when the PC port was instead a port of the Ps2 port from the GC version? So on PC when we should have had 60fps, and all the wonderful visuals that the original Gamecube version had, we got the godawful crippled PS2 version without transparencies, with 30fps and pre-rendered bloody cutscenes instead of in-game engine cutscenes?Yeah. Well eventually Capcom worked out that this MIIIGHT have been a Bad Idea(tm). So now we have Resident Evil 4 HD Ultimate Edition on steam. This is a version of the game MUCH more in line with the GC version, and at nine bloody gig of HD space required, actually earns that right. The textures are fabulous, everything is crystal clear, it runs at a rock solid 60 fps and it even has native mouse and keyboard controls! What more could you ask??I mean aside from Resi 4 not being batshit insane and hilariously 90s action movie styled. Let's be honest, that's core to Resi 4 though. That's what Resi 4 is. It starts off with lovecraftian horror, and swiftly changes to a 90s action film complete with hilarious dopey one liners and useless screamy female sidekick/walking plot device. That's not going to change. If you bought this game or are thinking about buying this game, chances are you know precisely what you're getting, so the only thing you're REALLY interested in is how it plays and how it holds up against the Gamecube, or now, the Wii version (which by the way is the definitive edition of this game until HD Ultimate came along on pc)...So here's the thing. I had a GC and I had Resi 4 for it. I then had a Wii and got Resi 4 for that as well and played the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. the Wii version is by far the most superior of all the previous ports. It was recoded from the ground up and the Wiimote suited it PERFECTLY. It made the game much more comfortable to control and whilst you still had to wrestle with tanklike controls, it was much more enjoyable as a result, and the visuals even seemed improved a bit over the already beautiful GC version.HD Ultimate genuinely has fantastic texture work. A couple of the nice detail touches are lost from the previous versions (I personally think the SD wood texture is nicer than the HD wood tex, its more detailed, has more character. HD one is definately higher resolution but it lacks some of the detail :( ), and there are still some kind of ugly textures, but all in all it's a definate visual improvement over everything. Cutscenes are once again done in-game rather than pre-rendered, there's no fps drops or slowdown and you have all the lovely fog and shadows and everything from the proper versions of the game that the PS2/""PC port"" version couldn't/DIDN'T have.Where the game falls down though is that whilst there is mouse and keyboard controls, it's still locked in that resident evil 4 style of control. To actually turn and move left and right you have to used A and D either whilst standing still to turn, or whilst walking forward with W to turn in that circle. I mean the keyboard layout is logical and well planned and there's not too many buttons to press, but you'd expect to be able to turn with the mouse, right? Nope, that's just for looking around you without turning your character, or for aiming wherever you want when you hold RMB.  It causes a little bit of cognitive disconnect which is a bit of a shame, but something that can be gotten used to.Furthermore the game lacks in options. Whilst it's genuinely an excellent port this time, it's still clearly a port. There's an option for subtitles but inless you are playing the game in another language, you don't get access to that option, and as such there's no english subtitles, which is especially a problem for those of us who are hard of hearing. Graphics options are limited to Resolution, ""Fixed 30 fps"" or ""fixed 60 fps"", grades of anti-aliasing, whether you want motion blur on or off (seriously always off, good lord, who wants motion blur??), and what shadow quality you want... Rather limited if you ask me. Oh, there is a ... largely pointless colour filter option, where you can have it in its normal colour scheme, or one of four palettes, which appear to be ""ghostly mist blue"", ""old timey sepia"", ""ridiculously shiny"", and ... well I think the last one's meant to be a more desaturated colourpalette so everything is a bit more ""realistic"" (read: gears of war MANLY BROWWWWNNN HRRRUUUGHHH SO HETEROOOO!) but my colourblindness probably means it just looks exactly the damn same as the game's normal colour palette. ... at least in the early sections anyway. I'll try it out in the more colourful sections later.Aside from slight control problems and limited graphical options, and the lack of a subtitle functionality for the hearing impared gamers, I can definately recommend this. This is the port of Resi 4 for pc we should have had long ago. No need to mod it to actually make it playable, or to make the graphics less vomit inducing. It looks great, plays just like we remember, and is still resident evil 4, just the way you remember it and love it."
76561198063920695,Recommended,254700,17495412,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Untouchable,Fantastic all time favorite. Best Resident Evil Ever. I have played through 8 times and have done all bonus material on the Wii. Unfortuantely I have bought this game via Steam and am unable to play. Have tried uninstall/reinstall multiple times to no avail and have struggeled enough to write this post. Game does not begin to load and acts as if it was never clicked on. Would love help because I miss this game and want to play on PC now. Best Resident Evil Ever.
,Not Recommended,254700,9666669,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sakura No Kage,This game often becomes reaaaally slooooow!
,Recommended,254700,17353344,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Fishcakes,"Amazing on ps2, amazing on PC."
,Recommended,254700,17355999,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Jacobtheepic,Loved playing through the game! I remember when I played this on the Gamecube and LOVED it! And now being able to play it again was amazing. This game didn't take too long for me to beat but it was worth the money! I'd reccomend this to anyone who  is a fan of 3rd person shooters that aren't afraid of losing too much ;) Get this game! It's defiently worth it!
,Recommended,254700,17329379,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,NotaVoltorb,"Well I did it, I finished the game with all achievements, and I'm ready to review.Let's start things off with the biggest issue amongst the community; The gameplay. It's not such a fantastic port, and everyone knows that. However, the game can still run a constant 30 fps, but there are some spots where fps dips are huge. Which is unnecessry for a masterpiece like this. Also, there is an option to fix the mouse in the options, you just need to look.The actual game itself is incredible. Fantastic story, fantastic characters, fantastic maps. The game is just great. There are places where you can sit back and relax, and there are places where you are at the edge of your seat, praying that a Blind Slaughter-Machine won't notice you.Overall it's a great game.Judging by port quality: 5/10 (So much room for improvement.)Actual game quality: 10/10"
,Recommended,254700,17370876,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Snake Man ✓,A classic game filled with cliché dialogue and villains - one of my favorite games of all time.The rewards and costumes given to you for beating the game on its multiple difficulties and bonus modes are awesome; the replay value is very high and will make you want to 100% this game.
76561198089311810,Recommended,254700,17376488,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,squad up360,love it my fav game of all time
,Recommended,254700,17378675,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,NergaL,It doesn't get much better than this.
,Recommended,254700,17465190,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,BigBosh,I spent one day playing this for 15 hours.It has to be one of the most addictive games I've played recently.Why did I like it?I thought the weapon stats and unlockables were really cool I especially like the mini games like the shooting range and adas side story stuff.Also inventory management man.This was my first in the series so when I started I moved quite slow and couldn't really aim but now after 17 hours I'm sorta alright.Funny how a new round only takes about 4 hours.Fun game I like.
,Recommended,254700,18964399,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crack Spider,I don't know if its just the version I played or not but I remember there was a lot more in this game. It seems like they cut out entire parts of the game. Stuff like the garden maze and getting the kings goblet things that I know were in the Wii verson I played. Also there are a lot of graphical bugs with certain setting that should work just fine.However the core gameplay is still good. things like distance and ammo management are still there. This is the last game of  the series I still consider to be a survival horror game before the went third person shooter horror. if your familiar with the series you will do fine if your new it will be a bit of a struggle at first but once you know whats coming the encounters are less frightening. 7/10 for lazy port quality though.
76561198081685517,Not Recommended,254700,18836427,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tex,"Not worth it unless you have a beefy computer which is stupid, or change all the settings through my documents to a low fps just to have the audio to be put out of sync.  If you plan on just playing the game and not get the fill of the story its okay.  If not just play it on one of the consoles you already own."
,Not Recommended,254700,18844244,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Saihara Shuichi,Slow frame work for me v u v
76561198035129636,Recommended,254700,18822067,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,leathery420,"The first game, and this game are my favorites. The fifth was alright if you play with a friend. What more is there to say? It's resident evil 4. If you liked this game's previous releases you'll like this one. Can't beat the sales prices of 6.80. Now I'll just have to wait till the remeastared first game comes on sale. Hopefully they remaster the second, third, and Code Veronic. Then I'll be set."
,Recommended,254700,18820044,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,L0V3,on e of the best ps2 games so good A+++++++
,Recommended,254700,18847814,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,orokana,"This game was, and still is super great, earnestly in my opinon i loved it because i grew up to it, but its honestly one of those highly crafted games that truley gets you thinking to your self as you replay it for a second or third time,  ""god i hate this room, but god i hate the next room as well, on and this room, and that room.OH GOD I FORGOT ABOUT THAT ROOM AAHHH!!!  F---- THAAAT""   ahh..classic  re...."
76561198031447497,Recommended,254700,18849060,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sesshomaru,"For the longest time I've wanted to play this game for a while and now that is on PC, I got to say, it was a fun game! I've played the N64 RE and this was fun, great arsenal and fun all the way."
,Recommended,254700,18841891,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,anunnecessarilylongusername,"One of the best Resident Evil games ever made. I love it and will never get sick of it. The only downside, though, is the fixed framerate. They can't do anything about it though since the timing in the game is built off of the 30/60 fps. But highly recommend this game."
76561198027691537,Recommended,254700,18939349,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Donkey Lips,I tried to play this but when i got locked in the first house i panicked and alt-tab the hell out of there.
76561198042448691,Recommended,254700,18929762,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NadeMuncher,I've never hated Spanish so much.
76561197964438544,Not Recommended,254700,18928232,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tesshu,Awful controls: you'll find yourself fighting more with the controls than the enemies. I've played using a gamepad (xbox360 controller) and aiming is atrocious. Even walking or looking around is a challenge...
,Recommended,254700,18466840,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Jambalam,"Everything about this game is good except for the lower case 'r'. The other RE games are capitalized perfectly, Capcom is making me rEALLY ANGrY"
76561197978715881,Recommended,254700,18467501,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Glacialis,"This game takes me back to my days on the PS2. It was one of my favourite games on that platform and after purchasing the game for PC I have not been dissapointed. No rose tinted glasses, this game is a fantastic adventure.Enemies offer a suitable challenge and the boss fights do not dissapoint. Depending on the level you play, amunition can be rather scarce allowing for the player to make choices of what and when to shoot as opposed to trying to shoot out legs and using kicks/ knife.The only gripe I have about the game is looking after the girl. I've never been a fan of escort missions but I'm sure people out there do enjoy that type of gameplay. It's more of a minor annoyance to me.I will admit that even though I do most of my gaming on the PC I did find the KB and mouse combination a little tough to get used to but once I plugged in my controller things became so much more fun.I would definately recommend this game to those who haven't ever played it. It holds up really well to modern games too."
76561198043358156,Recommended,254700,18451601,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Fallen_Biscuit,"Love this game, remastered textures induce surprise boners 20 to 50 percent more often."
76561198016593247,Recommended,254700,18465915,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,talloyer,"This is the game which raised the bar of Resident Evil franchise. Challenging, fun, compelling, though in the best sense. This PC port is really great, with smooth performance with mostly great visual update to already incredible graphics in original release. It fails in not making ""Separate Ways"" cutscenes in HD, and there are mods with better graphics results, but with an accessible price and outstanding game quality, Resident Evil 4 is a classic that deserves to be bought and extensibly played."
,Recommended,254700,9712524,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,laymonage,"It's the good ol' Resident Evil 4, now on PC with proper mouse support, realtime cutscenes, better graphics, and mods!Don't bother with the 60fps mode, it's a bit gamebreaking.The HD textures are only seen in the Village chapter, the rest are just the SD textures upscaled. However, there's anamazing HD retexture mod (WIP).Morir es vivir, Morir es vivir, Morir es vivir...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzvnl-noW2A"
76561198025282132,Recommended,254700,18483677,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Hamscoffer,"Resident evil 4, I'm not one for reviews mostly so i'll keep it short. One of the better games for the Gamecube brought to PC. A grand addition to Resident Evil, with possibly the exception of having to shepherd the presidents daughter.Also I think it's the only game on my steam list without capital letters in the title."
,Recommended,254700,18498804,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,johnny ratsmash,i've replayed this game countless times over the space of 10 years.this HD remake refines what was already there. (plus playable kb/m support)
76561198042183630,Recommended,254700,18437625,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The Mad King,"I bought this on Game cubeI bought this on PS2I bought this on WiiI bought this on Xbox 360And now on PCI've played through this game collectively more then 50 times, and its still one of my favorite games of all time and i can't get enough of it"
,Recommended,254700,18411212,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Eric,Having played this game many times on many systems this one is by far the best looking and will be forever in my top game list.
76561198100392497,Recommended,254700,18690051,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Saloo95,"fatal error steam must be running, duh im on steam ♥♥♥♥♥ not running wtf"
76561198088321378,Recommended,254700,18699878,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,fruitatas,"Really great game with nice Graphics and that older Japanese horror game vibe I just adore. And the only problem I have with the gameplay is the Aiming. I mean I am fine with the whole not being able to move whilst aiming, but for and Third-Person over the shoulder view with tight movement controls and aggresive enimies...Well it doesn't work. I prefer the whole not being able to move mechanic on fixed perspective games like the earkier RE games or Silent Hill. Anyways my only otehr complaint is no matter what I do I can't fix the weird Audio and Video problem with cutscenes. So at the moment I give it 8/10, and if I fix this problem I give 9/10."
76561198069288203,Not Recommended,254700,18781079,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,WatisSoup,broken unless you change some game files needs to be fixed unplayable without game setting files changed to cap fps at 25. its an easy fix but its frusurating when something is falsely advertised. when you can run bioshock maxed at +60 fps but you cant run resident evil 4 a game that could run on gamecube and really good you know there is something wrong. i wouldnt recomend it unless you are a huge fan of the game and cant wait for the inevitable port to xbox one and ps4.
,Not Recommended,254700,18782017,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,President Morty,Crappy Port. Constant crashes every 5 minutes. Hell I get better FPS on Battlefield 4 than I do this game. The game itself however is amazing. Get it on console and enjoy it
,Not Recommended,254700,18782078,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TheGasMaster4381,"Great game, Terrible port. I love everything about this ""upgraded"" version other than I can't play it without it crashing every few minutes. These crashes just ruin the experience. You need to learn to properly optimize your games Capcom, very unprofessional."
76561198082157910,Recommended,254700,18769473,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,WWIE92,"In my opinion, still the best Resident Evil game ever madeGreat gameplay plus options!"
,Recommended,254700,18795269,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DPS | Barrier,This game would be great if I wasn't playing in slow motion.
76561197971328340,Not Recommended,254700,18784063,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,GalactusPoo,Controls make it almost unplayable.  Tried with Motionjoy PS3 and Mouse/Keyboard.  Hated both.
,Recommended,254700,18815229,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Insane,love this game! one of my top 5 Gamecube games
,Recommended,254700,18831583,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nipples Of The North,In my opinion the best Resident Evil.
,Recommended,254700,18830997,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Znettic,"Roundhouse kicked a wannabee Pablo Ecsobar so hard in his face that he died,    11/10"
76561198080562931,Recommended,254700,18828994,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,gabtki,Nostalgic
76561197985763330,Recommended,254700,18829351,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Damingo54,The best Resident Evil in the entire series.
,Recommended,254700,18805195,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,renmaxuo,Best damn BBQ in Texas!
,Recommended,254700,18824432,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DROPDEADJIGGY,Hello everyone.Here is my current specs for my PC8GB RAMAMD ATHLON X4 CPU 3.2 overclocked to 3.61TB HARD DRIVEHD RADEON 7750 1GB GRAPHICS CARD.So far after configuring this game I can with the technical limitations of my PC build can only run Resident Evil 4 HD in 720P and it runs smooth at 60FPS by editing the config file.So I have had to sacrifice the visuals for optimal performance and to be pretty honest these visuals at 720P just looks to me like a upscaled version of the Resident Evil 4 WII Edition port but it looks slightly better here on STEAM.The XBOX360 controller works really well with this port also.Also when you launch the game make sure you have FRAPS or the STEAM FPS counter enabled and then go to the video options in the game and turn off Motion Blur and Make sure your Anti-Aliasing is set to 0.
,Recommended,254700,18448051,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,andthebeatgoeson,"Nevermind, working now."
,Recommended,254700,18825141,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Facequard,"Awsome game! no more horror, but still good!"
76561197975654530,Recommended,254700,18212162,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Robin,"Could never live up to the brilliance of the Wii version, but still worth playing - over and over again."
76561198120105810,Recommended,254700,18109723,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,關你燃事呀,Good
,Recommended,254700,19108332,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Leaf Boss,"Probably one of my favourite Resident Evil games, despite using the nowadays over the shoulder view it still feels like a real RE. Plus it features 2 of my favourite RE characters, Leon and Wesker!"
76561198047833672,Recommended,254700,13245193,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NightRaven,"Terrible optimization . Terrible controls.I have almost all the versions from this game : The GameCube, Playstation 2 and Wii versions.This is by far the worst version I have ever played from this game. Runs very slow and the controls are terrible with an Xbox 360 controller. Haven't tried mouse and keyboard but I expect to be worse than the Xbox controller.If you want to play this game in all its glory get the wii version. excellent controls and visuals."
,Recommended,254700,14602713,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Shield1739,"Resident Evil 4 is the first game in the saga to start going towards ""Action"" instead of Survival Horror and is the one who has done it the best. The game is one of the best REs out there, the mix between the Horror and Action is PERFERCT.If you don't like the newer editions of the saga, because they are too aracady, don't worry buy RE4 and feel the best of both worlds.Now, let's talk about the ""HD Graphics"" Part, they finally did a good port to PC, since the one released before as pretty bad. The graphics are acceptable and fairly good for most items, tho some places in the game still look low quality to me, but I did not payed attention to it. You are not buying this game for HD graohcis, but for the good, stable gameplay it will bring you."
76561198084313488,Recommended,254700,14603285,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Beck,pretty hard game. but amazing story and gameplay.
76561198146771300,Recommended,254700,14604501,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,chrislane11,"one of the classics, this game gets a lot of hate because it far from the oirginals but still a good game :) 8/10"
,Recommended,254700,13820372,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,J.A.L.S,"10/10 nine years is a long time to wait for a proper port, even for a game as celebrated as Resident Evil 4. Its release on the GameCube in 2005 ushered in a new era for the franchise, as well as a different perspective and play style that its sequels quickly inherited. Capcom capitalized on its immense success, porting the game to multiple platforms, and the game was graciously welcomed by the succeeding console generation on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Though nine years is indeed a lot of time for a second PC port, there is a reason it may be warranted. Resident Evil 4 has been available on the PC since 2007, but its release was less than stellar compared to its console brethren. The horror it unleashed was more on a technical level, given the lack of mouse controls and the option to adjust visual settings. Dubbed Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition, the game has returned in an attempt to set past wrongs right. The game has received substantial upgrades, and may be the best version yet released, even if ""ultimate"" might not be the right word."
76561198120296098,Recommended,254700,13900760,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jimmy Hopkins Delivers!,"Hands down best game ever made, its a must play"
76561197983325593,Recommended,254700,13860308,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LiL-C,love it
,Recommended,254700,13905577,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spartan L16,"Best Resident Evil.Of course, that could be the nostalgia talking."
76561198021612930,Recommended,254700,14415533,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jnco85®,Fun game. Has lots of replayability. Worst part about the game is Ashley.
76561198087900788,Recommended,254700,14427786,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Mint Milano The Biker,"Wow this game is fun! I can't wai- NO, NO, WHERE'D YOU GET THAT CHAINSAW! STOP IT!You Have Died"
,Recommended,254700,14435024,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ghost,
,Recommended,254700,14477835,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"By HD edition, it means upscaled everything."
76561198065025956,Recommended,254700,14483023,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rudolf Herzog,"I played this game way back since it came out in 2005, hard to believe that it's 10 years old. This is a great PC port and the graphics are amazing, naturally I pre ordered this at the time it was going to be released. I highly recommend this to any fan of the Resident Evil series."
,Recommended,254700,14533888,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"This game is an excellent classic that I would recommend to others. It seems like an in-between game, as it has elements I associate with the classic PS1 games and with the newer PS3 games. It is more action-oriented than the previous, but still maintains those important aspects of exploration and puzzle-solving. The only thing I dislike is that items and such don't carry over to games on other difficulties."
,Recommended,254700,14642116,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Squango Brundus,beta boy blast freaks
,Recommended,254700,14647764,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,AmazinFovousia,The name is not capitalized...
76561198003055054,Recommended,254700,14463081,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Fr✽stTorpid,such a brilliant game. MUST buy to all RE fans. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,14469171,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tiel,A classic :D
,Recommended,254700,14596626,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zombiefetch,"I have played this game on different consoles since it was released. I JUST LOVE IT...Now I found it on steam, which was nice because now I just use my PC for gaming. My only problem is that everything seems to be in slow motion, which does not let me play as I should... can you help me with that? Is it something about the settings? (My PC is really good, so it can not be the problem)"
,Recommended,254700,15879830,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ciperino,"The game is very long, looks beautiful and its action packed. Most of the parts are not necessarily horror, but Its still an amazing game."
,Recommended,254700,16283512,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Terro Lord Of Cinder,A fantastic port nothing important was changed and the gameplays just the same.good for both old and new pcs
,Recommended,254700,9644278,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Frostridge_Dragoone,"Yes i recomend this version over the RE 5 and 6 because compaired to thoses 2 this one was the pinical of RE perfection for the Series.No longer the confied cramped camera angles that restricted you in the first 3 [main games im talking about] were you had t struggle with it.The invintory screen is fun to play around with too, rotate items, mix hurbs togeather and generaly play organizer to your otherwise unorganised items. fun for thoses who like ot keep things neat and clean.When it premiered on the GameCube it was amasing to see what that machine could do, but when it came ot the PS2 version what happen Capcom did you become lazy?The HD graphics relly do help this one look even better thne before now that its on a machine that will give it the proper treatment it deserves and the attention it should recive.Over all this game has aged fairly well but i cannot iggnor the fact it didnt come ot PC in the US till 2012 when it was out on PC in Europe already, lets aviod that mistake in the future capcomwhile the controlls are stil a tad clunky , useing a 360 pad for you PC is a must unless you like the keyboard and mouse eather way is fine.My final score? is a 7 / 10Visuals = 8Controlls = 7.5Plot = its RE what do you expect?Other stuff = 7Pick it up today cause its worth a look."
76561198188464371,Not Recommended,254700,16402928,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,thomasjkelly,This game does not work....got to one part tied up with luis sera....broke free by a quick time event...soon as i took control...whole screen went hazy grey.
76561198016870648,Recommended,254700,16386885,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rhalls,"Great game. Not like the Resident Evil 3 and before but not bad at all. The feature to upgrade your weapons is nice, but you buy it from a zombie merchant..."
,Recommended,254700,16463585,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SmurfWithAStick,"One of my favorite games.  Not really scary except for a few parts, but it has great atmosphere and satisfying head shots."
,Recommended,254700,16197177,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,mund,"Resident Evil 4. The series that changed the genre of survival horror at its finest now on PC. This version is not the crappy port from the PS2 version but this is the HD rerelease port from XBOX 360.Pros:Resident Evil 4 at it's ultimate form! 1080P @ 60FPS!Cons:Nahh.. Not really an ultimate form. Although sold as ""Ultimate HD"" version, there are noticeable low res texture on most areas. There are also noticeable slowdowns on some occasion within the game. Lastly, if you play it on keyboard, quick time events can be very difficult to execute.Conclusion:As a longtime resident evil game fan, I would definitely recommend this game. I played it on the PS2 before and I played it again in the PC. Despite the shortcomings of the port, its definitely worth a revisit of the classic series."
,Recommended,254700,16197479,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DidCart,"Great game. The last of the good Resident Evil games. This version has HD textures and can be rendered at 1080p 60fps which is the best you can get with this game. It totally remains a great game nowadays and if you've never played make sure to try it out. Oh, and if you want an even better experience hook up a gamepad. This game was made for them, not for keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,254700,15586614,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jestyr22,"OMFGSo, I bought this game yesterday, after being sh*t scared of it on the wii as a what, 11 y/o?Stopped playing out of pure fear. (I was 11, gimmie a break)Now, I buy this game on steam, and oh my god, do I regret turning off that console that day.This game is amazing. Out of all the Resident Evil games I've played in my lifetime, this is my favourite. Sure, the AI is a little clunky, and you'd think the president's daughter would be able to handle a gun, but it's amusing hearing Ashley scream as she's carried away, only for me to shoot the guy at the last minute and save her.Now the script isn't the best, some characters seem to change their speech pattern mid sentance, but if you look past that, it's a good story.I'm not used to using A and D to control character direction, and unfortunately there seems to be no option to change that, but it's worth the change, just to keep playing.Also, shot a guys head off, his head became a brain with tentacles, so naturally out comes the rocket launcher.Plus, Leon S Kennedy, need I say more?"
76561198173759318,Not Recommended,254700,16266473,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,tim frettchen,"i love resident evil. the controls are bad, but thats okay. BUT the grey-screen bug . everybody who is playing the game with a laptop will have a grey screen after chapter 1 of 23 and cant go on. there are no fixes which means you cant play the gsme. so dont buy it"
,Recommended,254700,16038886,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,budd_garrett,By far one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,254700,16071480,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,半岛铁盒,"i've played the ps2 version and the old pc version and now this version.it is still fun, and this is already the 4th/5th time i play.one of the best games ever and better than re5 and re6 (they are still fun, but after i finished the game i don't have the mood to replay them)."
76561198109496940,Recommended,254700,16331139,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Grayson,Very good game. One of the best third-person shooters of all time.
76561197980012584,Recommended,254700,16315383,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[Lu.],Great port 10/10
,Recommended,254700,16531841,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sado,For my nostalgia...Ashly...Ashly!
,Recommended,254700,16542183,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ObscureEdge,Was a great game from the childhood and they did amazing work on making it 60FPS and in HD runs great even with my GTX 465 :) well worth every cent :)
76561198158881258,Not Recommended,254700,16422765,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TheMockingbird,"I was really excited to finally be able to play this game, but I cannot recommend it. My computer can run any other game perfectly, yet on this one it feels like your character is running in slow motion and the controls seem like they are lagging. I tried adjusting the settings to no avail. It feels like everything is a second behind or something. I'm not sure about the technical reasons behind this, but it makes it seem like it wasn't formatted for PC properly. Until this issue is resolved, keep your money for something else."
76561198027578776,Recommended,254700,13612203,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ryanmdrover,"I've been playing this game since it's release. I've played every version of it, Gamecube, Wii, ps2, and this is BY FAR the best version of the game we all love. I highly recomend picking this up for nostalgia sake at the very least."
76561198080399102,Recommended,254700,13650454,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NesquikBunny,best game ever made. very good port aside from few hiccups. BUY THIS.
,Recommended,254700,13651960,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kalopsia,"I've played through this game over 10 times, most of them being on the Wii version, and I have to say, this is a really good port, especially compared to the older one. The game runs fairly consistently at 60 or 30 FPS, but some of the quick time events are near impossible when the game is running at 60FPS for some reason. Mouse and keyboard controls take getting used to, but once you're used to them, aiming is a lot quicker and more precise. The game itself is fantastic. The pacing is perfect, the atmospheres are spooky, and you're given just enough ammo to get by, which forces you to think carefully during enemy encounters. The main story is very long, and fantastic. There are 2 bonus stories which are great, but not as long and a little repetitive, and then there's the Mercenaries mode, which is an absolute blast. A must have if you love RE4, and a great entry point to the series as well, just be wary of running it at 60FPS due ot the awful QTEs."
76561198034072747,Recommended,254700,13655419,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pheonix561,"Hilariously unintentionally hilarious plot and solid gameplay. First third of the game reminds me of The Mars Volta's third album ""Amputechture."" 5/5, would gladly play again."
76561198059661007,Recommended,254700,15367655,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dragonjay101,I have never experienced the true terror that I felt when I heard the creepy regenerator breathing.10/10 absolute classic.
,Recommended,254700,14780681,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,the funkle,pretty good/10
,Recommended,254700,15561599,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lerozyl,"Very good atmosphere, very interesting story. I liked this game a lot, was playing it for hours without break because it doesn't get boring quickly.I can't tell whats different from the original RE 4, since this HD Edition was my first time with this part of the series, but it plays pretty well for a PC port and I had nothing to complain about.If you don't know this game yet, give it a try if you like. I loved the trip."
76561198062650313,Recommended,254700,15527856,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,dalehalo,good game
76561198091940134,Recommended,254700,15326715,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Frenesi,Totally worth it if you want to recall the PS2 (and GameCube) experience of past years.
,Recommended,254700,15486579,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Flying Hippo,"Resident Evil 4 is one of the best games in the Resident Evil series. For its time, it was a groundbreaking third-person shooter that is still very much playable to this day. The environments and the variety of enemies truly add to the horror experience. Sure the dialogue is a bit cheesy at times, but that doesn't keep the game from being a masterpiece. To be honest, I didn't find escorting Ashley as bad as some bring it out to be since you can hide her or tell her to wait at a certain spot so she doesn't get killed. She even ducks when you are trying to shoot enemies. Overall, I would give this game a 9/10. If you haven't played this classic yet, I would definitely give this game a shot."
,Recommended,254700,15579393,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sealey,One of my favorite games of all time. Trumps all the other Resident Evil games but they are all still great games would recommend all of them. RE4 10/10!
,Recommended,254700,16034043,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tom,I am a sucker for buying this again but                         I! DON'T! CARE! TAKE! MY! MONEY!
76561198056972930,Recommended,254700,15849897,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,LinkRue,"This game is amazing, one of the only linear games that I can replay over and over again. Worth playing and replaying"
76561198094675316,Recommended,254700,15841815,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,I can now get my head sawn off in 60fps.
,Not Recommended,254700,15844673,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Kōshaku,"Every resident evil game on steam seems to have problems with the voices matching their lips and its freaking annoying! WTF CAPCOM, its not that hard to fix."
,Not Recommended,254700,15846260,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mr Romi,Muy mal optimizado...............
,Recommended,254700,11762623,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Caps,The last RE you ever need to play.
76561198082576577,Recommended,254700,15848498,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DemonHugga,"RE4. My personal favorite Resident Evil Game.8/10+ Nice shooter with action and horror immersed+ Epic story with Great bosses+ Different Modes (unlocked after beating the game once)+ New Player friendly+ Leon S. Kennedy (= B/A MOFO)-  Moving and aiming is particularly hard with Mouse and Keyboard-  During the middle section of the game handguns get tossed around like candyIt's very hard to tell the variation from each handgun, besides the last couple handguns-  Ashley Graham, man... Ashley Graham... SMH. Not talking about the model here-  It's very possible to run out of ammo when facing strong opponents, sadly if you didnt have ammo at your previous checkpoint or save, it forces you to go Rambo with all you have, leading to many many deaths"
,Recommended,254700,16151698,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Road,Get it.
76561198039458604,Recommended,254700,16242773,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Vembrace,Very well designed game.Just a shama both the plot and setting make no sense.
,Recommended,254700,16239118,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Bobby Shmurda,"Easily the definitive port of RE4.  Main issues are the animations. Some of them are at 30fps at times and it looks funny when you're into the game. Other than that, this is a well put together port of Resident Evil 4. I'm glad Capcom finally gave the PC a proper version. The original was awful."
,Recommended,254700,15960824,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,GetzThePuddin,"Best version of RE4 by far, I love this game. If you have ever enjoyed this game before the PC release it is worth another buy"
,Recommended,254700,15982331,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,House Troll,Truly has two of the scariest monsters in all of gaming (Regenerators and Iron Maidens) And I really like the inventory system. More games need an inventory system like this
,Recommended,254700,15768917,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,@mikkuaria,"Still my favorite RE of all time.Was just as good as when I played it the first time,made even better by smoother framerates and great portability.People who have already played it SHOULD buy it again.200% recommendation.一番好きREタイトルがより快適にプレイできるようになれた今、絶対購入に決まりでしょう。フレームはモッサリしてないし、キーボードもコントローラも使えるし。前はやったことのある人にもおすすめだね。"
,Recommended,254700,20472435,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Twilight Sparkle,"Best Resident Evil; or BESTEST Resident Evil?Both answers are wrong, it's the besteresterest Resident Evil."
,Recommended,254700,20463565,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fiege,This remake <3. I've beat this game so many times on multiple consoles and it's definitely one of the best in the franchise.
,Not Recommended,254700,20411363,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,basedgabe,spook moster including spook fish WATCH OUT FOR SPOOKERS !~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!
76561198068241017,Recommended,254700,20452084,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,evilmajikman,"Great game, even more great with mods. This is was a GOTY for a reason!"
76561197964880336,Recommended,254700,20453209,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Znakemaster,Without a doubt this is the definitive edition of Resident Evil 4 which is already one of the greatest action / horror games ever created.My only gripe with the game is that you cannot turn off the grain filter that's in the game. However to my great joy i found simple and small mod which disables the grain filter and makes the game look its very best.
,Recommended,254700,20368780,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Get some!,the men with maces will take over america ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198106611407,Not Recommended,254700,20414027,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Saint Corruption,"My computer met all the requirements, yet the video and audio were WAY out of sync and he controls were laggy as hell.  Ended up requesting a refund.  Unfortunate, I love RE games."
76561198256685968,Recommended,254700,19256972,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Dwarfin87,Awesome game!!! Made me go back to the franchise.
76561198115034774,Recommended,254700,16556404,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AsatisfyingMeMe,"this game i highly recomend over any other resident evil game it is by far the best and i love it i even have this game for consol and beat it 4 times in a row and it has a great story plotline to it too, not to mention the SD textures in this game are great but the HD textures almost make everything look real but other than that i highly recomend this game to any and i highly recomend playing with a gamepad but if you like being on the keyboard than go for it what ever makes you feel comfortable !!!!"
76561198054687868,Recommended,254700,20667460,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,k.,this is just too ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,254700,20673867,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,NiceLifeSelf,Best Game Forver ผมเล่นมาตั้ง ps2 ยันตอนนี้ ps2 เล่นจบไป 3 รอบ แล้วผมยังกลับมาเล่นใน PC ภาค HD ต่อนี้ผมว่าเป็นเกมส์ อมตะของผมเลยนะ อยากจะบอก ให้คะแนน 9 / 10
76561198179162321,Recommended,254700,20817419,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Birdy,I love Resident Evil 4's art direction how it captured the essence of former titles and bettered it with modern technology.
,Recommended,254700,20818229,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,"I love this game, I would say it is in my top 10 ""Play Before You Die"" list. However, I have had to delete the game from my hard drive for one simple reason. During the first battle with El Gigante, I encountered a bug which caused me to crash to desktop after the Gigante's first swipe with the tree. Nothing I have found online has helped the issue, so maybe you can find a way to patch it so others don't have their experience spoiled."
76561198134807112,Recommended,254700,20790303,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ysosad1,Its a badass game it should be played:)
,Recommended,254700,20822483,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Visual,my favorite game of all time. downloading again so i can finish it one more time :)
76561198169086099,Recommended,254700,20780397,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,keysorafan,Very true to the horror genre and a great buy worth the 20$
,Recommended,254700,20800191,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Putzie,By far the BEST Resident Evil/Biohazard game to date.
,Recommended,254700,20791542,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Crim_Hammerlock,"i have this game not just for the wii, i have it for gamecube, and now pc, one of the games on my top favorites list, probably number one, scary, but amazing! very highly recomended."
76561198148962061,Not Recommended,254700,20300456,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mr. KnightMare,i really love this game but its too laggy and the fps is up to 60 and the lowest is 30. I cant play it because its slow and i have a pretty good pc so it should not be doing that. Also it crashes a lot. all i see here is to not buy the game and save that 20 bucks you have either that buy it and hope they update it.
,Recommended,254700,20304660,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Das Brick,"Every couple months or so, I boot this game up (I was on 360, just switched over to pc) and either run through the story, or suck at mercenaries for like, 5 hours. I've beaten this game upwards of 20 times. And it's STILL fun."
76561198047059424,Recommended,254700,14053761,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dang mclovin,I wanted to do some overtime :(
76561198079214085,Recommended,254700,13976735,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ian,Eh. I like this game because of the storyline but so far it's slow on my PC.  Haven't tried everything as of writing this review to make the gameplay faster. I'll tinker with it.  It's such a good story I won't say anything just get the game. If you have Wii grab it.Right now it's all Matrix style for me. Leon crashes through windows super slow and the glass flies out (not bad lol) but I'll work on speeding this up. Anyway get the game. It's half game half movie.
76561198038717675,Recommended,254700,13980540,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,darkwolfsa,"Nice looking game, however the control setup could be improved for keyboard/mouse for those users that do not have a controller"
76561198053724518,Recommended,254700,14113040,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The Bro Stump,LEON!!!!!10/10 would shoot Ashly again.
,Recommended,254700,14114532,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,"Just as good as the original, not a true HD remake though."
,Recommended,254700,14102823,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Actually Dustrat,"Can't suplex 0/10 literally unplayable.I'm kidding. But seriously, the suplex thing I think is a gamecube exclusive.This game runs pretty much just like the PS2 version, but the quicktime events seem a bit more consistent with their button use. This is good since I couldn't ever finish this game on PS2 because of a certain knifefight with a certain someone and a certain sticky key. Thanks capcom."
76561198087336591,Recommended,254700,14269742,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Genghis Khan's Secret Noodles,"One of the best game I ever played. The game has a lot of content that keeps you playing for at least 20 hours of campain. Beware that the PC port is not perfect though, since putting on 60fps mode may result running the game in slow-motion if your PC is not strong enough. I also think that this game works perfect on a gamepad."
76561198061914709,Not Recommended,254700,14367812,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Monollock,"I love RE:4 kick♥♥♥♥♥game, memorable as all hell, on the flip side, this port sucks. go onto the forums and you'll see all that's wrong, but for those who can't be arsed, here's a list of all that I've encountered so far:Enemy's that bug out and infinately reach into their back pocket and pull out nothing. This is something that stems from an spawning glitch, they throw a sickle or something or a bomb and they try to spawn another one but fail so they keep trying.A rare glitch is an enemy running into a wall, only found this a few times.one really annoying glitch is a severe delay between me shooting their head off and the las plagas parasite emerging, so they just walk at you, the problem with this is that you can't kill them and they're just getting in your way.Grenades don't work unless they explode on contact, if they don't, they don't go off at all. again goes back to that item spawning glitch were it refuses to spawn.another glitch with the las plagas is sometimes the thrashers stay in the floor once they're dead. so you just see this thrashing tentacle.onto Boss glitchesLe gigante, he has one pain in the♥♥♥♥♥glitches and one that's not so bad, one were his walk animation screws up and he's taking one right step to advance and one near game breaker were he can pick up both leon and ashley and hold them forever.De lago, only one glitch but it's an annoying one were it only spawns spears during that one attack were it goes quiet and it's goes all jaws on you. every other time than that you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥ this slows the fight down massively because you can only hit him once in a while.frankenstien with a beard can get stuck in an attack animation loop when he's in his legless form.during the ski lift part I was laughing because all the enemies were stuck in that pulling out the♥♥♥♥♥♥animation and I didn't have to do anything but enjoy the view.The merchant sometimes doesn't have a body under the coat.on paper these glitches are the most harmless but you haven't heard it, her glitches are purely audio, that's all I need to say but, Whenever leon drops down from a ladder or any kind of height she will say back to back reguardless of how far away you are, even if you're still at the foot of the ladder. I remember her being annoying but I hope to God that's a glitch.and then it comes to the one that caused me to stop playing, all of these glitches♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to varing degrees but the one were the truck gores you in were I had to stop. there's a moment in the game were a truck is going down a narrow passage and you have to shoot the driver in the head before he gets to you, you know that glitch I mentioned about the las plagas parasite never emerging and they just walk at you, the driver is immortal and you die every time. after trying a load of times reloading and scanning various forums I couldn't find any way to fix this.I remember none of these glitches on the PS2 or GC version of the game, I'm not even half way through and I've ran into all of these sodding glitches god knows how many are still there, idk what the hell happened to the PC port but someone ♥♥♥♥ed up royal and there needs to be a fix. When atleast half of these glitches are fixed including the game breakers, when that's done, I reccomend this game 100%, until then don't get it."
76561198013758491,Recommended,254700,14370022,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"It only took most of a decade to get a good PC port of this game, but it has finally happened.  The controls could do with a strafe option, but otherwise, the keyboard and mouse work wonderfully for this game, making portions of the game that used to be rather difficult considerably easier."
,Recommended,254700,15432966,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,"First off the PC port was good, but not optimized as well as I was expecting it to be. Secondly it says ultimate HD edition... but its not verry HD. Thirdly Dont buy it for the HD, buy it because its Resident Evil 4 on steam in 60 FPS and because Resident Evil 4 is an amazing game."
,Recommended,254700,15501579,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ほむら,Very tense action horror experience. Would reccomend for HD remaster of a game that has certainly raised the standards for the 3rd person shooter experience.
,Recommended,254700,15499970,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sahrend,"Played first on the Gamecube back in the day, though only once. Granted playing on Easy and just got past the first boulder quick-time event. I'm loving it already...hehe."
,Recommended,254700,15206824,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,2Joe,"Shinji Mikami's wild ride on PC in full 60FPS glory, shoot the spanish, save the girl and make sick burns."
76561198224420236,Not Recommended,254700,15702159,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,IDKWhatsYours,The game i played long ago on the playstation 2 was much better then this. I have a new monster of a computer so I finally have been able to download and play games through the PC. Havent had any trounbles with any of the games that I have bought through Steam until now. After haveing downloaded Resident evil 4 I noticed that every thing was slow(What i mean by that statement is that From moving around or even just the cut scenes everything moved at half the speed). Tryed to delet it and redownload it but its always the same. And the slow movement effects the cut scenes to the point of unsycing the audio from the mouth movement(Felt like watching a Japenesse movie with english audio) Hilarious for 5 mins then makes you angry haveing known the awsomeness of the other platform you played it on. This was a real let down and has infirated me to no end. !!!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FROM STEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Luckily i bought the franchise pack and the other resident evil games work fine. So the money I saved from buying the franchise pack will go to paying off the cost of this game and makeing a deal worthing jumping on a complete waist.
,Recommended,254700,14838270,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,asaby,looks great and runs really smooth on the PC. Played multiple versions of this game and this is by far the best version released so far. Also bonus it's the only version that has true 5.1 surround sound.
,Recommended,254700,14999070,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,McDougell,
,Recommended,254700,15001745,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Fluttershy,"Although completely going away from what Resident Evil (or Biohazard in other countries) originally was, it was still a great game... Guns with infinite ammo, Leon Scott Kenedy from Resident Evil 2, suspense on what will happen next, the story makes a little sense but (SPOILER HERE!) when Ada shows up, and then Krowser (is that how you spell it?) who was Leon's ally in combat who you don't figure out until later, and finally, LOT'S OF REPLAYABLIBITY! This review may be a bit long, but I recomend the game 100%!"
76561198079120097,Recommended,254700,15002844,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,pornomonstr,"I have beena  Resident Evil fan my whole life, and this game is great. However, in the early going of me playing the PC version, I have ran across some issues. For one, I cannot kick open doors, only open them gently. Which sucks greatly. Another, I have found that when I throw frag grenades, they do not explode? Same seems to be happening with the Granados when they try to throw a stick of dynamite at me, it doesn't leave their hand... When I throw a frag grenade, it just bounces on the ground and does not detonate. Flame and flash grenades work fine. This is just really irritating but overall good so far."
,Recommended,254700,15678546,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,big kuf,"This is not a full HD remake, just a remaster. The character models are the same but there are higher resolution textures, up to 60fps, support for higher resolutions and a few graphics options. It's still a good game but you're going to want a controller"
,Recommended,254700,13984178,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Gamer4Life137,Runs great. Plays great. I haven't had any framerate issues... or any issues really. Solid game. 10/10 One of the best games ever made.
,Recommended,254700,9390906,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Philly Wonken,"Join John F. Kennedy on his quest to save Blond Chick With Orange Sweater™ from a mob of spanish italians led by Adam Sandlers and Napoleon Dynamite. Now in 1080p, running at 60fps with HD textures and mouse controls.I love this game, but the achievement ""It Begins With a Ring"" should've been called ""For Whom The Bell Tolls"".-12/10 the first port was better"
,Recommended,254700,14660695,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,senzu_P,"Now that it's on PC, it's in my top 5 favorite games of all-time."
,Recommended,254700,14661409,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Officer Bananas,"As much flak as this game gets for straying away from the franchise's isometric roots, this is an incredibly competent and well-paced third person shooter.If you're looking for a classic survival horror game, get REmake.If you're looking for an undeniably fun shooter, get RE4."
76561198112808354,Recommended,254700,14662198,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ass pounder 3000,got vomited on by bugmen 10/10
76561198056121740,Recommended,254700,14684439,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Yeet God McNeckass Sr.,Proably...one of my favorite childhood games well earlier childhood XD i beat this game on every consol it was ever released on even the wii this game is worth the price  and is a long and very difficult game to beat just as the other resident evils are btw this gaem was ahead of its time in 2004 :D11/10
,Recommended,254700,14685726,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,SpooNinAcup,"Still have the original Gamecube 2 disc copy in perfect condition, purchased it on the Xbox live market, and bought this version. Wasted hours? There are none when it comes to this game.If Blowing crazed spanish peoples heads off isn't your thing, go somewhere else. 10/10"
76561198003888207,Recommended,254700,14695484,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"I've finally figured out RE4's game pattern. Limited ammo, and an overwhelming number of enemies placed in such a way that you need to spend your limited ammo in the most effective way possible. The game isn't so much as scary as Dead Space is. Leon has legs of steel and can behead stunned enemies, suplex enemies, etc. On top of the over-the-top action and lack of enough ammo that would make this game an action game, Leon has to escort someone most of the time. So, the game also becomes a bit of time-management, as you gotta kill the enemies fast enough so they don't find and take Ashley, as well you gotta try and plan your movements so you don't have to spend a long time just to make sure she's safe. Also, no more cramped areas, night, zombies, or demolished cities. Now it's in the day time, in ""not Spain"", in the countryside, facing off against mind-controlled farmers, and a little person who has a form of super worm that he found as a fossil.So, the original mystery that Umbrella had in making their viruses and experiments is now gone as a new virus worm can be found anywhere.Look, I won't deny that I like this game, but when you look at what people praise it for, the whole thing really shouldn't work. It should have fell apart as soon as you met Ashley. Even then, the fact that a benevolent infected person is willing to give you ammo to slaughter all the people that I assume he knows is equally puzzeling. When you look at the mysterious stranger's eyes, he is infected. So, that should mean he's trying to kill us. But, he's not. Why? I understand that without him, we would have to find guns and upgrades ourselves, natural progression, etc etc. But, he shouldn't even be a character in this game if he's infected. At least Leon and Ashley have a reason, they have a few days before they become mind-controlled, but this mysterious stranger should be trying to dig into our brains with a hatchet.Also, Hunnigan. She is, for the most part, in constant contact with Leon throughout the entire game on his ""not CODEC"". But, if the president's daughter was kidnapped in what can only be guessed as an act of terrorism and bio-terrorism, is sending one rookie (Leon) on a rescue mission by himself a good idea? For all we know, Leon could have survived Raccoon City by luck, and as soon as he trespassed in the man's house (first 15 minutes), he'd have a hatchet right in his head. I understand that sending in an entire battallion of troops is an invasion, but what, can't spare 5-10 more CIA agents to rescue and stop a huge act of potential bio-terrorism?Okay, look, before this gets nit-picky, I do like the game. For the fact that the story can be unraveled easily is the game's biggest flaw. But, the action and atmosphere of hopelesssness is what this game gets right. Also, the traditional lack of ammo is what an RE game needs to have (lookin' at you RE6) until you get to the boss fight when you need a large amount of ammo (lookin' again at you RE6)."
,Recommended,254700,15999317,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,tsundeity,Somehow it gets better with each playthrough.Also Ashley is still cute as ♥♥♥♥ after all these years.
,Recommended,254700,15914567,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rook,He is not a zombie.
76561198023999045,Recommended,254700,15882045,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grim,"Simply an amazing game. I played it in the Ps2 and Wii version and came back to play it in the PC version.You have puzzles, weapons, killing, breaking, etc. You play as the protagonist Leon S. Kennedy. I wont say anymore because i don't want to spoil it if you haven't played this masterpiece.This game will remain in my memories of the best games i played"
76561198046566344,Recommended,254700,15883594,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,godzilla_7,great game !!!
76561198033061920,Recommended,254700,15886404,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Staf_ferry,"The player perspective is suck~you can't measure the distance between you and enemy infront of you , and the keyboard movement control also fighting with mouse"
76561197982847488,Recommended,254700,15920517,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,damblo2k2,Secure the BallisticsGreat GamePro: Old School GameCon: Capcom lost there old school ways after this game
,Recommended,254700,15923069,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,RMinett,"+ Graphics - Not the prettiest in the world, but I don't hate it. In fact, I quite like it.+ Gameplay - Mowing down hordes of enemies in this game feels very satisfying. Good variety of weapons.+/- Characters - Funny and likeable main character with a helpless and oftentimes tedious and annoying schoolgirl. One iconic merchant. Interesting but mostly one-dimensional side characters. Almost everyone else are either the ""generic bad guy with a high position"" or the ""ooh, so mysterious"" character.- Quick-Time Events During Cutscenes - Ugh.+/- Controls - Hit or miss, it depends on the person. It's a hit for me.+/- Story - Pretty meh, imo.+ ""Over here, stranger."", ""Ahh, I'll buy it at a high price!"" ""Come back anytime.""- ""LEON! HEEEEEEELP!""- Sound options - For some reason, there's no volume options and I feel that the music is a bit too loud for meA very good game, in my opinion. I love this game, despite all of its faults. I used to play it all the time way back when my PS2 still worked. I'm a bit surprised that it held on pretty well at 1080p. Unfortunately, with the success of this kind of more action-packed survival-horror gameplay, Capcom decided to emphasize more action with its subsequent games. To be fair, RE5 and 6 were still fun, but they strayed so far off the RE formula that I almost forgot they were RE when I was playing them.I highly recommend this game."
76561198095195464,Recommended,254700,15877520,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,"I played the wii version and since i want to replay it again since its on sale, it feels wierd playing with mouse & keyboard butafter awhile getting used to it the game feels different when i last played id recommend it when its on sale the only downside is that you need a good pc to play a old game on HD qualityOverall it's better than resident evil 6"
,Recommended,254700,15878492,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,BOWERNATOR,"Bought/played and beaten this game on multiple platforms (GameCube, PS2, Wii, iOS) and got the HD release of this game here on Steam and still dumped another 27+ hours into this game. One of my all time favorites. I'd buy it and play again if they completely re-made it for current-gen. 20/10. Would pay money to buy again."
,Recommended,254700,15879427,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Grat,"Do you like blonde girl follow you around? Buy This Game.Do you like weak zombies? Buy This Game.Do you like mysterious mechant? Buy This Game.Do you like mutant-like Zombie? Buy This Game.Do you like Ada Wong? Buy This Game.Do you want to see Ada's legs? Buy This Game.Great Game,Great Story,Great Soundtrack, Cons is just for clunky controls."
76561198132038978,Not Recommended,254700,15889844,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,lalalala,first...I need fu****** subtitles u idiot...
76561198001262972,Not Recommended,254700,15893691,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Crimedogg25,Awful port.  System specs far exceed the minimum and the game runs like garbage.  Shame on you Capcom.
76561198010448750,Recommended,254700,15896137,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SirLars,"Awesome game! I like it very much, due to the scary atmosphere and interesting controls! 10/10 MLG"
76561198119279888,Recommended,254700,15897734,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BoogityDogButt,A true classic.  Even if you hate the other games in this series you owe it to yoursel to play this one
76561197989855575,Not Recommended,254700,15903553,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Shabing,"If it a) works on your PC and b) is stable enough to run for more than 5 minutes on your PC, then it's a pretty decent port (nowadays, originally was awful) of an amazing game.Be aware though, that it seems to be VERY fickle about how it runs.  Can't really recommend it at because of that, even at fifteen quid."
,Recommended,254700,15905987,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Nice Dick Soldier,"First off I absolutely love this game. I've had it about 5 times across 4 platforms (Gamecube, PC original version, Wii, PS3, and PC again) and I loved every second of playing. Speaking of game time, I've played through it somewhere around 50 times and i still have fun with it. Apart from the main game there three minigames you can unlock by beating said campaign. Assignment Ada, Mercenaries, and Separate Ways. Separate Ways is more of its own campaign than a minigame. After completing these minigames you unlock other things such as new weapons and costumes for the base game (plus a weapon for separate ways as well). What I'm getting at is that this game has lots of replayability as well as a great story. If you don't have this game, GET IT. It doesn't have to be this version of this game but get it."
76561198204553756,Not Recommended,254700,15907913,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,BlueMonkeyFunk,"RE4 is easily one of the most interesting and creative games of its day.  The monster drops, the store, the cut scene interactions, a great story line, and graphics that were beautiful for their time.This steam version has it all...except it is not compatible with a wired 360 controller.  After some research it doesn't seem to work with any types of controllers other than the basic mouse and keyboard (even that seems spotty).  Great, fantastic, amazing game...but it is too damn difficult with one hand-held controller.Specifically, controller stick dead zones take up most of the center stick, while shooting off in only left/right or up/down directions when only a hair outside the dead zone.  Diagonal directions don't seem to exist.  These conditions make walking, aiming, zooming, and basic looking a real struggle for Leon, the protag.  While he hunts for the president's daughter, he moves a bit like a nervous drunk.Keyboard and mouse are better, but the aiming is iffy.  However, the developers did a great job of keeping many of the basic RE standards the same, and revamped a beautiful game.  I just wish they spent a bit more time fine-tuning their look-focus programming.  Or at the very least, allowing an option to turn off the controller so that we can use our own programs to set up some easier sensitivity controls.I got this on sale for about $4 so I'm not too bummed out.  I can deal with it til they figure out a patch to correct the control sensitivity.  Again, with better interface, this would be a bargain at $30.  But I would be a bit upset if I had dished the regular $20 for the control scheme available so far.At regular price, not a good buy.  Best just to buy the original on GC or a PS."
,Recommended,254700,15911002,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Gothic Man,"This is a good HD Edition game. In true fact: It uses Wii/PS3/Xbox360 edition version. Gameplay is same but graphics are totally different and nice. But the only program is that, they sometimes cause graphical issues and some cutscenes still use the old crappy PC version. 7,5/10"
,Not Recommended,254700,15911925,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Black...,纯键盘党切勿购买！！！！ 手柄党随意我真你妈日了狗了，本来看着减价的时候想玩一玩回顾下青春呢。想想支持正版吧，就买了。可是！这狗游戏操作是鼠标加键盘的，怎么玩怎么不习惯。 我就是想玩玩以前纯键盘的感觉。我不想把生4玩的和生6似得。。 尼玛这游戏是我的记忆啊！怎么就能改了？ 而且卡婊很不人性。 游戏本身设定无法修改为纯键盘。。大晚上的，搜了两个小时的帖子没有一个可以完全修改为当年的纯键盘操作设定。想回忆当年游戏时光的键盘玩家还是放弃这款游戏吧。。 这蛋疼的操作。 不值
,Recommended,254700,15912381,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,First Viscount General Allenby,"After playing the GameCube and PS2 versions of the game, I must say that it is refreshing to play RE4 with a keyboard and mouse."
76561198046224798,Recommended,254700,11167308,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Paddy Losty,"To those who dont know about Resident Evil, it is a third person survival horror game which originaly started with the eponymous first game back in 1996. I have previously played all of the resident evil games, bar this one, the 6th one and any of the spin off games (eg. Racoon city) Many people dont like anything post Resident evil 4, beacause they believe that after the 4th installment, they started to drift away from survival horror and  more into generic shooters. I totaly agree with this statement, but even though this is the first game in the series that started to drift away, it is still a very solid game in the series and one of my personal favourites.This version of the game compared to the console versions, is by far the best. It allows you to Switch  between the old textures from the gamecube for example to the new HD textures. It also now runs at 60 fps for the first time ever.It also has an amazing story that also keeps you intrested and many things to keep you intrested even after you finish the game.So in conclusion,Pro's--amazing story-Brilliant graphics-Plenty of Replay value, Extra game modes Etc.-Incredably cheap price for what you getCon's-The first game in the series that started to slowly drift away from Survival horrorI would give the Game itself 10/10, One of my favourites if not my favourite in the series. Only complaint is the fact that it began the slow drift from survival horror, but that doesnt make it a bad game. Also the PC version is undoubtably the best version of the game, is you are looking to buy it make sure you get it on PC."
,Recommended,254700,11247297,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Matt Wilson,"I would recommend this game under the guidelines that it is your 'standard' HD port; nothing more, nothing less.If you're expecting brand new, top-notch graphics, you're going to be disappointed. Albeit I will admit that graphics are a lot smoother since it's been upgraded to fit the 1920 x 1080 aspect ratio, but it's still a console port from 2004.Personally, I still like this game, however, as it's one of the few games out there that can really stand the test of time. 12 years later the game still has a great story and atmosphere, and to be honest even as dated as it is, the graphics are STILL better than some of the games that come out on the market today.All the modes, weapons, and costumes are here, so you're getting everything. (Once you've beaten the game) My only gripes are that I wish Mercenaries Mode had an online leader board, the cut scenes (especially during Ada Wong's campaign) were updated along with the rest of the game so they didn't look so blurry and pixelated, and that the controls were a lot more stable and cohesive. The keyboard controls are fine, but the xbox controls are way off and really hard to grasp and not intuitive at all.Other than that, I look forward to the HD texture mod coming out soon, and for the price, if you enjoy the nostalgia or you just want to add this to your collection, I think it' a great buy."
,Recommended,254700,11221081,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Melv Hawk,"My first experience with Resident evil 4 was with the Wii edition which included all the extra content from the PS2 and I simply had a blast with it. This port kinda resembles the Wii version with all the extra content and some slightly improved graphics. I say slighty because most of the other textures still look blurry but we're talking about a 9-year old game here.Still, this is by far the best port of RE4 and you should pick it up if you haven't done it yet."
76561197997288617,Not Recommended,254700,11221445,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tsu Do Nim,"A terrible port of a classic game. Run it at high-res and the speed ranges from ""underwater ballet"" to ""almost lifelike""; run it at low-res and it goes at 2x speed or more. And for the record, my specs more than exceed their ""recommended"" ones."
,Recommended,254700,11299170,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[SoF]* DoctorFunk415,Hands Down the best survival horror... highly recommend
,Recommended,254700,11172714,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Monowski,"If you've never played a RE game before then I suggest you give this one a go.I use to play this one on Gamecube all the time when it was first released so playing it again now after so many years feels like I'm experiencing it all over again which is a very rare feeling to get from something thats been out for nearlyten years.Compared to the rest of the series this one out shines the lot.(Avoid 6 at all costs)The only issues I've noticed with this port is the occasional slow down due to it being locked at 60fps.Also, for anyone wondering, the keyboard and mouse support is much better compared to the original pc release so fear not.And the controller support is alright, but after ten minutes using a mouse I'd rather stick to K+M.Really good game, if you see it on sale I highly suggest picking it up."
76561198028309632,Recommended,254700,11177597,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,sp3ncek,"What can I say.  This is hands down one of the best games ever made.  The mechanics might seem outdated, but that's one of the best parts about it.  It seems like the only way for a shooter to avoid being a CoD clone is for it have been released before CoD became be!  11/10 if you like games play it."
76561198008997725,Recommended,254700,11286432,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[EMS]End,My all time favorite Resident Evil Game! Looks gorgeous on PC and runs sooo smoot. 9/10
,Recommended,254700,11320824,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,mr theory,still good
,Recommended,254700,11339882,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DarkestPrayer69,Game is a bit laggy
76561197970478045,Recommended,254700,11304753,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lexx,"Had already played this on the Gamecube and good to get to play it again.  A good conversion, which works well now that some of the initial teething troubles with controls have been sorted.Everyone should play this game at least once!"
76561197995917907,Recommended,254700,11305773,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Heisenberg,"this game still is the balls! loved it since day one, and its still creepy as♥♥♥♥♥♥Classic!"
,Not Recommended,254700,11207603,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Argumentable,This is a really bad port of a really good console game. You're better off just dusting off the PS2 or Gamecube or whatever the hell it was actually on and playing it on that instead
76561198129621457,Recommended,254700,11163582,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mewtwo Chainz,I found six eggs and egged luis he ended up killing me wud play again 10/10
76561198080426502,Recommended,254700,12320112,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Deeping,10/10
,Recommended,254700,11327464,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Who am I ?,good :D
76561197989704407,Recommended,254700,10415715,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ultimate Beta,"After playing through the game I gotta say this is easily one of the best survival games I have ever played. The story is well written character`s conversations are very interesting to watch, and trust me you will be looking for lore as to how this land became to be because this game does collectable notes GOOD.Now combat goes like this: Each part of the infected has its own hit box and animation, And trust me knowing what each hitbox does and when to use them is VITAL to your survival. Because trust me you cant plow through the game relying on headshots only. Because yes this does to the most damage (via gun) but your ammo will swiftly run out and that isnt going to help slowing down the horde coming towards you. Oh yeah and by the way your aimer is a laser and you cant move while shooting.Now this game is a giant escort quest but WAIT. It isnt as bad as you think, Ashley can take damage and in most games that sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥but here her AI is pretty well done.-If you shoot while she is beside you she will always hide behind your back and will move away from gunfire when you go to turn around.-If she is within the line of fire she will crouch down allowing you to shoot at your enemies clearly-she follows you around without a hicup and if you dont want to deal with her you can always tell her to wait or hide her in a container which will essentially render her invisable to the infected.After the amazing combat you have the large sprawling open ended levels and trust me they are a joy to explore, My favorite being the village not to mention you are rewarded for exploring by finding extra ammo, cash, treasure and the very interesting back story notes. Trust me for those who exclusivly buy open world games get this because its easy to call this game map an open world. Hell I`d say its bigger than the Batman map.Cons:-The third act does fall apart a bit but is still good-When you are infected I feel it would have been cool to possibly gain some powers from it-Ashley was almost non exsistant in the third act-Needed more horror aspects. I mean look at the thumbnail for the game THAT LOOKS EPIC I WANT THATStill this game is more than worth the $20 it asks for and I could recomend it to almost anyone into 3rd person shooters, I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,254700,10956618,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FN-2187 The Human,"Literally one of the best games of all time.  Seriously, if you haven't played it yet, do yourself a favor and get on it."
76561198111159169,Recommended,254700,10959172,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,hermyjw13,The best Resident Evil ever! You should definately buy it!!!!
,Recommended,254700,10929952,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Coggit,"Killed a snake, looted a chicken egg."
,Recommended,254700,11881140,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Techno,"This game right here...I first played RE4 on the system it was originally released for (Nintendo Gamecube) and it became one of my favorite games of all time. I have beaten this on many of the other systems as well for the gamecube countless times thats when you know you have a great game.With this new release it looks outstanding and better than any of the versions before this. As you could probably already tell I LOVE this game,I know what the characters are going to say before they say it..thats how much I LOVE this game. If you have never played any of the Resident Evils but wanna give it a chance I think you will like this one."
76561198061257852,Recommended,254700,11852695,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Stahl Senpai™,"Resident evil 4 is a complete Gem. I love this game to death and I always will. The story is outstanding and rather fun once you've done your first playthrough. Then the game drags you back in due to new costumes and weaponry that are able to be bought with your peso's. Although the game itself can get a little bland after 3 -4 playthroughs. although gaining money and buying the Infinite tommygun and infinite RPG are a rather hard goal to acheive as is getting the Smith and wesson 500, but once the goal is acheived the game becomes fun again due to literal killing of everything. No matter what it is. I haven't played much on pc due to issues with the game itself, but I have played it significantly on xbox and ps2. I enjoy my time with it and I will continue to play it as if it were brand new. There's always something to do in RE4. I recommend this game very highly."
,Recommended,254700,11955138,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Tlhreturns,nice game
,Recommended,254700,9313704,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Helisium,"The Greatest Resident evil of all time and quite frankly where the franchise ended, as the other games that followed just plain suck.Resident evil 4 is a true masterpiece, the epitome of ''action survival horror'' and one of my top 10 greatest games of all time.Score: 10/10."
,Recommended,254700,12494987,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Skeletommy,LEEEOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNN!!!!!1!!!!!8.5/10
,Recommended,254700,11575406,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,BloodNDeception,"A very good remaster in my opinion, all the nostalgia sinks in, as well as feeling a bit updated a tad, old but new, much better than the original hands down, 12/10 would reccomend to anyone who wants to get a fresh start with their PC."
,Recommended,254700,10986666,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,rickmagee,"After a whole lot of tweaking and forum visits I got the game running acceptably to the point I could make some progress in the game but I just can't get comfortable with Keyboard controls only types of games. I liked the game otherwise and considering that I kept trying to play it even with those shortcomings, was the reason I gave it the recommendation. Would be nice if they re-engineered it to be a WSAD and Mouse type game."
,Recommended,254700,12480366,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sammael,"RE4 is easily one of my favorite games of all time. It's one of the most important games ever made, and it's had a huge impact on the industry. Gears of War, Uncharted, and a dozen others from the biggest names owe RE4 a lot. Sadly I can't play it on my balls PC, but that doesn't change it's amazing quality."
,Not Recommended,254700,10969251,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Humperdinck,"First time i have ever played resident evil 4. So i was expecting to really enjoy it after what everyone said, the problem is that the port is so♥♥♥♥♥♥poor that it ruins the experence. The game suffers from bad fps drops and audio lag in cutscrenes. As well, the game seems to drop to 10 fps on 60 fps when i look at water. However on 30fps it seems fine. I will say that my computer isnt good by no stretch of the imgineation. I can play most modern games on medium to low while games like Watchdogs and Arma 3 i can't play with more than 15fps. But this is a 10 year game, as well, an updated version of said game. I wasn't expecting it to look good but at least not have the problems that i currently have. There are work arounds but even then. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!"
,Recommended,254700,10981256,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SinfoniaZero,"My personal favorite Resident Evil game, and one of the best in the series. Still holds up despite its age, fantastic replay value. All in all an excellent game you should definitely check out."
,Recommended,254700,16682781,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SourAppleEnigma,"I am going to attempt making this short and sweet.What can I say about this game - it introduced me to the series (better late than never). I have played it (in the PlayStation 2 version) and of course beat it so many times both normal and professional that it made me go back for more, it was very addicting for me. I have so many fond memories of this game dating back to 2006. I was very hesitant at first to play this game when I started playing it for the very first time, was not much of a fan of horror/gore games, you could say I was a 'scared little puppy' during those days. Resident Evil 4 absolutely changed that, like I have stated I was not much of a fan of horror/gore games but when I progressed more into the chapters I found my self imjected to the game, constantly playing for hours thus resulting me not being afraid of horror games anymore. Hard to believe but this is true. Thanks to RE4 I decided to play the previous and later installments of the games. This lead me on becoming a big fan and also loving the series.How is this a review? That is a very good question, I have no clue - just felt like expressing my love and gratitude to RE4.Now... do I recommend this game? Sure, if you don't mind the tank controls. Aside from that if you are a big RE fan and you have not yet purchased this game I don't see why you have hesitated this long on getting it. BUY. IT. NOW.That is pretty much it, thank you for your time on reading this so called 'review'."
,Recommended,254700,16689505,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zanzibar Tarkin,This game is fantastic.  I have yet to encounter any problems with this version of the game.  Took a little bit to get used to the controls with a 360 controller vs the gamecube but feels great playing.  If you were a fan of the original this definitely feels just as good but with cleaner visuals.  Plus I get the content from all the versions so i get stuff i could never do on the gamecube one.  It's definitely worth picking up.
76561198044071632,Recommended,254700,13955663,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,cheekyphuzz777,This game is God.  Amen.
,Recommended,254700,13961900,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DarkSeraphinXIII,Brings back alot of awsome memorys loved this game the day it came out deffintly worth the buy
76561198015206516,Recommended,254700,14041987,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Calvin,Why you not play this.
,Recommended,254700,14032692,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,.nEEZY,The good old days...It is nice that they brought this amazing game to steam.What is actually a joke is that they call it ultimate HD edition...It ISN'T! It offers mouse support now though..The story and the game is just amazing but 5 years ago there were better graphic mods for this game.
76561198053924557,Recommended,254700,13641028,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,EAZY-HE,"My favourite Res game of all time, for the computer.9/10 cause taking care of Ashley gets anoying..."
76561198110598947,Recommended,254700,14078602,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,cccbro1,"Usually I dive in and get really serious about playing a game, I forget that the scouting parties, raids, stealth missions, run-and-guns, escort missions, boss battles, and mini-games were at one point, in concept a long way back down the line was suppose to be fun. It was during the mine-cart ride, fending off zombies that jumped down onto the carts, armed with a shotgun from one cart away, blasting Dr. Salvador and three other zombies in a perfect blast radius that I thought to myself ""Wow, this is actually fun.""After climbing part of the tower, and reaching the point where I could now drop barrels to roll down and hit the cultists coming up the stairs with them because in the back of my mind, I was saying ""DK!""? Fun.When I managed to one hit kill Salazar with a bazooka I'd been saving after weakening his armor shell? That was fun.Looking back, harpooning the fish monster? Difficult, because by then I still hadn't mastered PC controls, but fun.Do you remember the last time you actually had fun playing a game? Sure, the standing still while aiming drove me mad for a while, and a few things are outdated that didn't get re-speced, but I overall enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,254700,12977483,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"a monster keeps following you around screaming LEEEAAAAAAWWN, and if you kill it you lose the game.  Hardest and most terrifying resident evil ever, 11/10"
,Recommended,254700,13072025,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,meatpill,"It's RE4, but with pretty graphics and not broken PC controls.  Can't go wrong."
76561198155752656,Recommended,254700,13074379,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Schwortzinhiemer,"Everything I hate about shooter games all put together, to somehow make a great game."
,Recommended,254700,13181192,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sir Reginald L. Colt,Wait.Follow me.Wait.Follow me.Wait.Follow me.Wait.Follow me.*makes b*tch hide in trashbin*A+/10
,Recommended,254700,13183786,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,░,One of the best games I have ever played if not the best.
,Recommended,254700,13185952,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,LIGHTNING,"tried to look up ashley's skirt,got called a pervert.10/10 WOULD BE CALLED A PERVERT AGAIN"
76561198049733225,Recommended,254700,13149468,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Potato,If Resident Evil 6 sucked this game's♥♥♥♥♥♥..It would die...<3 The Classics.9/.8
,Recommended,254700,13101503,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,osricen,"It's the same old great classic, but it feels lazy in many points, one of them being the lack of options in the menu (you have to change some stuff in the CFG file directly) and other being the outrageously bad looking pre-rendered cutscenes (FMVs) which could have been treated with a little more love (filtered, ANYTHING). Anyway, this is the best version you will get for this game."
,Not Recommended,254700,13093704,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Greermeister,Can't get it to run on my computer. Would recommend if I could
,Recommended,254700,13120039,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hentai is Art,The game before 3rd person run 'n' gun came out (i.e. RE5&6)
76561197973774604,Recommended,254700,13134482,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Angry Gnome,Playing this game is a course on game design.
,Recommended,254700,13047584,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Smokin Big Doinks in Amish,"Chicago Typewriter, the ultimate achievement."
76561198072806865,Recommended,254700,13050090,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Squidfish,"Quite a good game for one who hasn't played any previous Resident Evil game. Though I think there are some improvements to be made for this port, it's too console. Otherwise, it is quite good."
,Recommended,254700,12962313,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,mk,"The HD revamp did improve the graphics, but it's kind of choppy on higher settings regardless of your rig or setup. There's not much to say about this.As for the game itself, RE4 is a classic. This game keeps you on your toes, and there's plenty of other objectives to complete other than the main campaign. Mercenaries is just a wave-based survival mode, but this mode alone is enough to keep you entertained for hours.The worse aspects include the story and dialog, which is cheesy as a typical action movie. Leon is the hammiest character I've ever seen in a video game.  Resident Evil's notoriously stiff controls take some getting used to, but it's really the only way to play this game. For a game that's almost ten years old, there's not much to expect, especially since there's numerous sequels that have had their share of aging."
,Recommended,254700,9297307,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,UnlimitedWarrior,If you haven't played this game before: buy it.If you have played this game before: buy it. HD textures FTW!!
,Recommended,254700,9297832,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,mohaland43,it can some times be hard to navigate but other than that it is 1 i would highly recomend
76561198117146088,Recommended,254700,9297841,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,LightningBacon,"It's really necessary to write a review on this? For pete's sake... It's one of best games but at the same time it led the resident evil series falling into the wrong genre, action instead of survival like RE 1 - 3.Satsifactory, that's all I needed to sayfor those people who complain about mouse aim, I believe it's fine justthe tank movement: ) but I agree it's little annoying that you must to move the mouse a little more than usual."
,Recommended,254700,9298263,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Syluxguy28O3,"this classic piece of gaming history returns...with a vengance! the game that changed resident evil forever! i hightly recommend to any zombe, or horror fan. you have to experience the nightmare for yourself!"
,Recommended,254700,9327855,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Orcywoo6,"An enhanced version of one of the best Resident Evil games before they turned sour, its just how I remember it tweaked ever so slightly to makewhat's not to like?"
76561198079858969,Recommended,254700,9328454,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Maverik237,"ONe of the best games ever.  PERIOD.  Looks gorgeous now, worth every penny, and better than a lot of whats out there/"
76561198041949266,Recommended,254700,9331202,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,D0ughy3005,"MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME. #1, NOT NUMBER 2! NUMBER 1."
76561198017064305,Recommended,254700,9332047,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lightningsnow,glad this game came to pc it is the best
,Recommended,254700,9332092,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[P2D] Breadstick,"I played the original Gamecube version to death when it first came out, and I still play it today.So OF COURSE I was going to pick this up when it first appeared on Steam.But let's be honest here: I can't really tell THAT much of a difference visually between this version and its Gamecube counterpart.It still plays well, granted with an xbox 360 controller, as the mouse and keyboard controlls are absolutely ATTROCIOUS.Overall, though. It's still the same game that I know and love.Gamecube Version: 10/10PC HD Version: 9/10"
,Recommended,254700,9332264,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Manemigoto,"Mouse aiming is a little clunky considering the first versions had you use the keyboard. But still the great classic that got amazing reviews back then. There are a few small tweaks that made the game even more challenging which was very nice. Ashley noticably yells less now too, or maybe I've just played through a lot to know better. :'DAnyway I love the idea of the leaderboard charts, basically who can complete the game the fastest. Mercenaries will be another ordeal, because after being exposed to RE6 and RE:REV, we won't be able to move and shoot haha.10/10, because it stays true."
,Recommended,254700,9333325,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,hebleb,Got decapitated by a flying scythe. 10/10
,Recommended,254700,9333626,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ABstract,"If you enjoyed Resident Evil 4, this will be your favorite port."
76561198078572198,Recommended,254700,9333872,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,wabbli,"After replaying RE4 for the what seems like the hundreth time, I can honestly say this is the best version of the game and still one of the best third person shooters ever.  If you have not played now is as good a time as any.  And for twenty dollars you sure get a lot of content!  You will not be dissapointed.Resident evil 4 contiues to stand the test of time, and i am glad capcom did this HD re-release so I can continue to enjoy one of my favourite games of all time!"
,Recommended,254700,9334668,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Bazzatron,"Tentatively I recommend this. Another nostalgia purchase that didn't really pan out for me.It would seem that some point between the last release and this one, Leon has taken all of the cocaine, and now shoots less like a S.T.A.R.S come BSAA agent and more like a handicapped child.Seriously - Point your gun at something, and within a couple of seconds your aim is about 2 ganados higher than where you started, making anything further away from you than a few fit pretty un-hit-able.The new graphics tart-up looks good, but it's your typical HiDef textures on LowPoly models, looks good, certainly better than it did - but it's not *astounding*, mirrored doors and some hefty pixels are still on walls and the like. Shame that the nicest models I've seen so far are the ""examine"" models in Leon's inventory.Also - did Hunnigan and Leon used to blink in the radio cutscenes? They don't blink in these ones. Totally dead eyes. I swear they used to blink...Maybe a couple of patches down the line it'll be good. But right now, I can't get around the fact that I just can shoot at things."
,Recommended,254700,9335284,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ZombieElephant,I've owned this game on 5 Systems now and I've beaten it a thousand times. This is the best $20 you'll ever spend. Masterpiece
,Recommended,254700,12207135,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MercilessMerc,"With improved textures and better PC options available in Resident Evil 4, this could certainly warrant picking this version up for those who were fans of the game, but it may be best to wait for a price drop or sale, as it doesn't offer anything else new from the prior versions. Also I don't know if it is just me, but the quick-time events on professional mode are freaking impossible without some sort of hotkey mod. Still, even with its few faults, RE4 is still one of the best games in the series and this port is the best version you will get of it."
,Recommended,254700,12419829,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,letrung910,good game. but sometimes this game is noised screen
76561198008213866,Recommended,254700,12985751,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ganja Man,"awesome game, quite hard but alot of fun"
,Recommended,254700,13170566,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,THE PUMPKIN KING85,kill monsters save a little girl kill more monsters
,Recommended,254700,13024494,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Decoy Octopus,"Gamecube/PS2 era classic game. A pioneer of the 3dr person shooter, really. One of the 1st games I remember to use the over the shoulder shooting mechanic available now in all 3rd person games. Also, a very QTE heavy game. This game and God of War being one of the earliest examples of  heavy QTE I remember. Which I hope is something that will die off soon. That said. Great port, complete with tank controls and all, but response. Mouse/ keyboard works well here. Mouse aiming gives you a nice edge unavailable in console versions of this game. Xbox pad is implemented well with the right button prompts. Pick it up for under $10 to see one of the earliest and best 3rd person shooters."
76561197985430650,Recommended,254700,14189479,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,A loving rerelease and proper PC port of one of the most genre defining video games ever created. A must own.
,Recommended,254700,14193188,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kevin,"The PS2 game was already perfect. Now it's even better in 1080p 60 fps.DO NOT PLAY THIS WITH MOUSE+KEYBOARD, this game just really wasn't made for that."
,Recommended,254700,14194141,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,A1|surr sloidah,"Brilliant, while the game may be riddled with Quick Time Events, it is unique in it's own way.One of the unique features is it's Attache Case Inventory, allowing one to be full on ammo while only having a single pistol, lots of guns and low ammo, lots of healing items, I could go on.Definitely a must-have."
,Recommended,254700,14139450,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hihellobyeoh,"I haven't finished the main story yet, although I did many times in the past on the PS2 version of the game, but I thought I’d write a quick review on the game so far. first of all I have noticed 2 locations that used to be accessible but are no longer accessible, both are in the castle area, one is the hedge maze (Leon used to be able to access that right? it's not my mind screwing with me???) and the other is the tower just before you enter the castle (if I remember correctly to get across originally you had to clear out that tower right? well now you don't have to). Also I just experienced my first crash of the game, I think it was right before your buddy in the chopper is supposed to be shot down, but the cut scene never started, it just crashed as I entered the door. Also in the same area before the crash I had to restart 0nce because when I jumped down off of the catwalk I fell through the map. Altogether the game looks great, I just wish that they hadn't dumbed it down/ made it easier in some spots. Also some of these glitches I never ran into on the old PS2 one so I am wondering what those are (although they were probably there and I just never experienced them). Another thing is I am NEVER out of ammo in this game, I am putting that to the fact that I can aim better on a PC than on a console and therefore I am able to save ammo. So far I would recommend this game to other players; I would just ask the developers to please think about releasing a patch to fix it!"
76561198076683237,Recommended,254700,14201086,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,76561193781715941,¡Un forastero!10/10
,Recommended,254700,14221869,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,MisterSynister,"I can finally muster up the courage and play this game with the volume on. Seriously, I've owned the PS2 and the Wii version, I refused to play with the volume. Scared the crap out of me."
,Recommended,254700,14119999,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Akira,It's alright.
76561198070591035,Recommended,254700,14121458,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,tyhi1,Resident Evil is my♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I have been playing RE4 since gamecube then to playstation untill  years later for the fifthteenth anniversy they annouced the consle remake. needless to say I played that and was so happy my game was avaliable on my next platform and then the pc version came out and it looks pretteir and better than ever.. MUST BUY STRAIGHT UP
76561198043641525,Recommended,254700,14158016,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,SUBURBAN SCUM,Best Resident Evil Game you can buy! def recomend to anyone who has not played this game yet! this is a must play game!!!!
76561198123433347,Recommended,254700,14133594,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,The Cat,Honestly one of the best games i've ever played.
76561198172237586,Not Recommended,254700,14318538,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,colem15,This game crashes right after the salamander fight on the lake!! Broken game
,Recommended,254700,11049847,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,the09line,"Once you wipe your memory of the multiple control schemes you've used for this game in the past, the m+kb is pretty good here. Now with more un forasteros."
,Recommended,254700,11015390,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JADGEMENT,It's all right.
76561198022847578,Not Recommended,254700,11005106,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,owned man,"This game has tone of bug, unplayable with xbox pad du to the config, with a remake HD, i think that dev should be able to do something like RE5 or RE6 but in fact... NO. Don't buy this game if you don't want to waste 20€ even if it's was one of your favorite game on game cube!!!!!!!! They only take the former game and they put it on PC without using their brains!"
76561197993449705,Recommended,254700,11005833,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,kutschi201,That flashlight came from deep under her skirt
76561197996299194,Recommended,254700,18899117,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,"Garfield, YOU'RE A FAT CAT!",...Yeah
,Not Recommended,254700,18914525,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Randomperson,"The game seems pretty good so far. However, the port is terrible. I nearly had to ask for my money back because it didn't seem like it was going to start up at first. Fortunately it starts up now but only after waiting for about 3 or 4 minutes! However I have heard of a few people who haven't managed to get it to work at all and Capcom don't seem to be interested in fixing it. I'd steer clear of this version of the game if I were you."
,Recommended,254700,18953864,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Spooky,"Ok. This game when i first played it sucked♥♥♥♥♥ But you have to have at least 30 fps for the game to function correctly. If you set your fps under 30 you game will be ♥♥♥♥ed. You wont be able to kick down doors, Your game will crash when you go against ""El Gianta"" and other stuff. Other then that the story is AMAZING. I highly recommend this game to people who like the Resident Evil series. 10/10 IGN"
76561198049326746,Recommended,254700,19064790,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Infidel,"I really don't get all these negative reviews claiming the game is a bad port. I have had no issues, and I get to play the game smoother and crisper than I could on any other platform it's ever been released on. This is truly the difinitive edition. Make sure you use a controller, seeing as that's how the game was meant to be played, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,254700,19013772,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Robbie20,Defo reccomend this game! :D Has to be one if not the best Resident Evil in my opnion since it focuses more on surivival horror rather than action (i personally really enjoyed RE5 & RE6 in that aspect as of the co-op too but you can't beat the classics which in this case is RE:4 ) finished this twice on gamecube including Ada's campaign and its an absolute blast to play! The gameplay is nice and the story keeps you interested enough to go on completing the game! If your a big fan of zombie/horror games this is a gane you should defo pick up as you won't regret it! ;)
,Recommended,254700,18984757,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Sensual Lettuce,"Resident Evil 4 (originally released on Gamecube) is one of my favorite games of all time, so I was a little nervous to play the PC adaptation. Fortunately, the game is virtually everything that I remembered it being. For a game that's so old, it doesn't even look bad, which says a lot about the graphics and textures which have been updated for this remaster. I bought this game to relive the experience of playing it the first time, and it did not disappoint in that regard. When compared again modern games of this style objectively, I think that Resident Evil 4 may have a difficult time competing - but that's of little concern to me personally. For me this is now the definitive version of Resident Evil 4."
76561198039357143,Recommended,254700,19026994,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ItalianNacho,"Resident Evil 4 proves that change is a good thing.  After a few stagnant RE titles, we arrive at one of the best over-the-shoulder shooters ever conceived.  I played this originally on the GameCube (which the games still looks great on that system), and I wanted to play the game remastered.  One gripe is the missions with Ashley, who, even after a full remaster, still can't seem to move out of the way of someone/thing trying to kill her.  Oh well, the rest of the game is fantastic, and definitely worth spin for any fan of action/shooters/horror games."
76561198193478227,Not Recommended,254700,19023803,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MexicanPsycho,the game is lagging as sh............ and my computer is good
76561198068705932,Recommended,254700,18978808,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,wolverinebatman1984,The review for this is its freakin Resident Evil 4.
,Recommended,254700,18982860,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,John Redcorn,"OVER HERE, STRAAANGER...GOT SOMETHIN' THAT MIGHT INTEREST YA!WHAT AM I SELLIN'?Resident Evil 4 IN ULTRA HDWHAT ARE YA BUYIN'?Resident Evil 4 IN ULTRA HDAAAHHHHH, YOU'LL BUY IT AT A HIGH PRICE!"
,Recommended,254700,18977829,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kabam,Controls are outdated. About all I can complain about.
,Recommended,254700,13129121,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SJ-Toongamer,"It's like no matter how I try to turn the graphics down a bit, the game keeps playing so slow!But I do in fact like this game."
,Recommended,254700,13131340,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TheGrimMonster,Realistic Spain simulation game.
,Recommended,254700,14756230,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Turgid Lettuce,Actually works! 10/10
76561197999436004,Recommended,254700,14756393,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,๖ۣۜPwnSauce,Just as I remembered it 11 years ago but addapted to the PC. Controls are a bit weird to get the hang of but other than that it's amazing. 8/10
,Recommended,254700,14849764,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TMAC Blade,"so yeah re-evil 4. i watched yovideogames play though this game twice (xbox 360 version and then ultimate HD version on pc) and i loved every minute of it. after watching them and then so many others play this game; i simply had to go out and purchase it for myself and expereince what makes this game so great myself. this game is fun. I means seriously fun, every minute you are always exploring, blowing zombies heads open with your shotgun, listening to some corney one liner Leon happens to spit out or just simply being scared. Now i know this game isnt the scariest int he franchise and is more akeen to an action game, but the whole game in its entirety just makes you want to go back and play the game again and again. next thing i plan on looking at is resident evil HD Remastered. 8/10"
,Recommended,254700,10883031,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bone Hurting Juice,"One of my favorite games, so glad they brought it to Steam.  It took them a while, but it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,254700,10884814,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EvilCowboyMusic,"This title still to this day holds up as an innovative step forward in the mash-up of survival horror and survivalism.  Mixing new more approachable controls (compared to the classic tank control mechanic), this game set up the future of Resident Evil by bringing in fresh blood and creating a challenging new environment to classic fans of the franchise.  Resident Evil 4 gets a gold star for satisfying head shots, and the blood-pumping terror you feel from trying to take down the chainsaw-wielding Dr. Salvador and the eerie regenerative Iron Maidens never gets old.  Graphically this game still looks wonderful, and feels smooth to play.  Some argue that this was the last true Resident Evil title, others argue that it was the first.  I won't throw my hat in on that decision, but I will tell you that this is a MUST play for any gamer."
,Not Recommended,254700,10888923,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Remer77,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought it for $12 and it's not worth it. This game was designed for the Nintendo Gamecube. It was later optimized for Wii. I myself played the Wii version long ago and I loved it. I was hoping this would be the same deal. Nope. The optimization of this game for PC is very poor. The controls are counter-intuitive and the game lags like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ even with everything turned to the lowest settings. I don't know how it will run on the latest video cards, but I can tell you that it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on a mid-range notebook GPU. All I can say is proceed with caution when considering purchasing this title."
76561198193229405,Recommended,254700,22128833,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lunar Wolf,"I love the game itself, thisPC version is in constant slow motion, even after changing AMD graphics card settings and lowering the game setting to max lowness, still slow motion. I also happen to be using windows 10, which could explain the issue. Any ideas on how to fix? I understand that it could easily be a compatibility problem with windows 10. NO WEIRD LINKS BTW! If it works on your computer, it is a very great game, otherwise you simply cant play it right"
76561198218260567,Recommended,254700,22133019,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bruh,"This is a good game, but every 20 min my game crashes. Steam please fix this."
,Not Recommended,254700,22114700,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,warinthepocket,"I recall enjoying this game on the gamecube over a decade ago, but this port simple doesn't play smoothly. Whether if you use keyboard and mouse or a game controller, it's extremly unwieldy, and almost impossible to play."
,Recommended,254700,22116496,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Miyako,"The keyboard+mouse controls feel so busy and it is difficult to concentrate on the actually gunfight in the game. Highly recommend to use a controller instead. I really come to appreciate the new contorls of RE6 and the Revelations series, sometimes it is difficult to go back to older games after they made improvements to the newer ones. Other than that it is a good port. No framerate issue, very smooth gameplay. Maybe I'll come back and finish the game on PC someday..."
,Recommended,254700,22115829,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mark's outlook,"this game is challenging but I love it. and, now, with the HD remaster, it's even better."
,Recommended,254700,22113736,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Wonlegged,"I find movement to a pain the bum its choppy at best. The game is beautiful for its time, the story has sucked me in. But I keep having this feeling like Im trapped in a handicap body. Camera angles are to close for third person ""my guy"" is always in the F-ing way! I love the story so far and must have more. As frusterating as this game is I still like it."
,Not Recommended,254700,22099041,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AmazingTeags,sadly i made the horrible mistake of not checking the processor requirments before downloading.... :( so i cant play the game. Im very upset i cant play this game.
,Recommended,254700,22187583,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,swamp_roo™,"May contain spoilers; continue at the risk there may be spoiling an eleven year old video game.First time playing it all the way through. I do remember playing it briefly as kid on PS2 but I was either too scared of the fish munsta or I kept dying to the piece of trash.Great game. I feel like the quality does decline over the course of the game.The beginning is great. The town, being chased by crazy people and then bell rings and they dissapear. It sets up an incredible atmosphere and vibe that was as intriguing as it was sort of terrifying.Things get gradually more nonsensical and campy as it progresses.The big fish monster; cool.The big ugly troll; cool but mostly because during the fight a dog you previously saved from a bear trap, shows up, helps you kill the baddie and then peaces the f out; never to be seen again.I feel like the decline begins at the castle. infected knights in armor (?), this old little creepy Spanish kid with jaundice eyes, a boss fight (kinda) that is literally a red robed a$$hole emerging from the ground on a mounted minigun.And from here it descends into levels of campiness that rivals the MGS franchise. Kauserhonestly could have been a Metal Gear Solid antagonist and not been out of place.And the worst part is baby sitting Ashley. It was a pain in the damn gourd and as a character I did not care about her. She just screamed ""LEON!"" and made some weird sound when you catch her that sounds suspiciously like the sound Princess Ruto makes when you throw her on her a$$ in Lord Jubu Jubu. However, you can order her to hide in a dumpster so i feel good about that.And most important point; Ada Wong is the babe, dude.Also, they escape an isolated island on a jet ski. How they gonna get to main land on a fkn jet ski?It's apparent, even eleven years later, how Resident Evil 4 single handedly innovated a genre. Nice balance of action, traditional survival horror and moody atmosphere; steez that many games intended to emulate."
76561198070815669,Recommended,254700,22238880,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,MakotoIsBestGirl,Amazing game. Only flaw I could find was reload animations are in 30fps as opposed to 60 fps like everything else in the game. Amazing action-packed survival horror full of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065364330,Recommended,254700,22202226,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,UBOA,"Regenerators.Literally the worst nightmare anyone can experience in this life time.  First time I played this game back in like... 2007?  I didn't know about the scope that could see the virus in them, so everytime I'd shoot their heads or any limbs... They'd just regenerate every limb, every fiber and crawl towards me viciously.It was dark.  I was alone.  I was afraid.10/10 would see leon impaled again"
,Not Recommended,254700,22228334,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,MLG_KID_64,in chapter 2-1 the merchant part. the game screen turns white then my game lags like crazy i can get past chapter 2-1 plz i need help.
,Recommended,254700,22229198,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jackheaney3897,This game is great they should remaster it
,Not Recommended,254700,22170704,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SartekChaos,"I love this game since it was released on PS2, but this steam cloud affair is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, first you can't use save files and have all your cool stuff from before or saves from other people because they are ""ID""ied, second of all and what grinds my gears is that I lost conection for a moment during my first playthrough, I wanted to load my game plus but I was right at chapter 5 again, and I couldn't save anymore not even after a reset, the files kept ""syncing"" so my saves kept disappearing.This **** is worse than origin.Avoid this port, the game is great and the HD version from the modded original PC port is better.Beware that CAPCOM its becoming a bunch of money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, they also gave a damn about megaman and keep doing horrible pc ports for their games (I'm looking at you revelations)."
76561198084222495,Recommended,254700,22174738,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[DEKU] ScrubLord,"Ok, first off, two things:1. The framerate drops to crap sometimes for seemingly no reason. It understandably drops in places like the place where you get the lion piece for the castle door, but it also drops in areas with absolutely nothing going on. Even with the few settings available pushed to the bottom it still happens. I know my PC isn't some super powerful battlestation, but I sure hope it's more powerful that a 'effin PS22. Every cutscene starts with it being in sync, then rather quickly going out of sync. It kinda takes you out of the moment when you hear something dramatic happen, then it takes a good 20 seconds (for the longer cutscenes) for that dramatic thing to happen, and the cutscene ending with several seconds of silence.Otherwise, 'dis game is pretty good, and you should probably consider playing it at some point."
76561198039645658,Recommended,254700,22242888,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,RhysClark97,Hey...its that dog...in 60 fps
,Recommended,254700,13517971,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Killer The Frog,I great remake of a classic game. Gives me some weird motion sickness playing it for some reason despite no other game EVER doing so... otherwise 8/10
76561198090419093,Recommended,254700,13529564,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Martagasm,"This game is the balls. Admittedly there are parts that drag, usually after i have managed to save up some ammo but then what's the point if you don't use the bullets?"
76561198001155834,Not Recommended,254700,13689554,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,yb,"OMG  no.  this  ""port  for  pc""  has  not  been ported  at  all.   barely  functional controls  on PC.  a  simple console  game  with  great  potentia  on storyline  but  unlss  you are  a  major  console  player  the  controls and  playability  in general  is a  flat 0.00%"
,Not Recommended,254700,13691965,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,12tornado,"I've never owned RE 4 for any other console. In fact, this was my first time owning the game. And it was pretty amazing at first until I noticed some problems. One of the more minior problems is that some of the enemies are in a never ending loop where it looks as if they're trying to take out a weapon so they can attack. You can still kill them, but they don't do anything. The more major issue is the Del Lago boss fight. UNBEATABLE. During this boss fight you need to use harpoons to kill the giant lake monster Del lago, but everytime I try to get out a harpoon it doesn't appear in Leons hand. He makes the aiming animation, as well as the throwing animation. The only time I can use the harpoon is when Del Lago opens his mouth and is coming at me. While I would love to reccomend this game, in its current state I cannot."
76561198085962443,Recommended,254700,15140665,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,matthewjknight,"resident evil 4 is a great game, THATS WHAT I WOULD BE SAYING IF IT WORKED ON MY COMPUTER! i spent 14 pounds on a game that is slower that a snail riding a turtle, i want my money back steam NOW!however this is a review so im going to review on what the game is not the fact that it has ended up looking like the slow mo action sequences in the matrix (only less cool)the game it self is truly a marvel of survival horror fused with action."
76561198083644653,Recommended,254700,15105254,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,doomofpandyssia,"Resident Evil 4 holds a special place in my mind, and I almost hesitated to replay it, but if anything it seems better compared to modern games.++ The environment progression is clearly directed, but never feels linear, since you can backtrack pretty far back if you missed anything. There are items hidden in the environment that, instead of the useless random stuff littering Assassin's Creed, have a direct use. There are hiidden blue medals to shoot and unlock a special gun, and tons of treasure. Some of it is only good for selling right away, while some give you a choce; certain items have slots for specific gems, and you can either sell it immediately or wait and sell it with gems attached forMUCHmore. The environment itself is full of little details bringing it to life, and despite the deliberately limited color palate manages to be interesting to look at, ranging from villages, to lakes, to castles, to a prison complex.++RE4 is intelligent enough to know how silly it is, and is filled with silly one-liners and cheesy dialogue. It had the good grace to ditch the big mess that is the RE canon for a standalone story. The story itself is  not much to write home about, but it never tries to be.++The gunplay is great, since enemies respond to being shot, and there's incentive to do anything beyond head shots, since shooting legs may make them stumble, and there is a strong variety of enemies, new ones introduced with each 'act'. Some will have tentacles shoot out of their heads unexpctedly, some throw weapons (which can be shot down) or explosives, some use fire, etc. SInce you can't move and shoot at once, you have to pay attention to positioning as you manage your limited ammo.++The bosses are all great, most of them being hinted at and built up before hand and manage to both look cool and be fun to shoot (just look at Chief Mendez). Quite a few have a slight optional puzzle element that can make the fight easier, or something you can do to make it easier before hand (free the dog in the beginning, for example, and it helps with a later boss).++The only major complaint is the QTEs, particularly those in cutscenes that lead to you dying if misses. They don't rear their headstoooften, but when they do it'sunbelievably frustrating (though I guess people that play more modern games are used to it by now, to an exent).RE4 holds up beter than most of the games that cribbed its style, despite the much derided stop-to-shoot combat mechanics and intrusive QTEs. It's on 5 consoles and Steam and it's cheap, so there's no excuse to not try it. you won't regret it.9.5/10"
76561198169991591,Not Recommended,254700,15107879,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ClinkClankBoy,i cant beat the game it keeps vrasing
,Recommended,254700,14867433,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,tuncy,"The graphics show their age but are still impressive.Excellent variety of weapons and enemies, as well as locations. The game never gets boring, keeps you at the edge.This is an old game but a great one. Has to be played!"
,Recommended,254700,14898020,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,GrizzlyElk,"After playing and beating the game back in 2005 upon release for the Game Cube, and later the PS2, then 2007 PC version, even the Xbox 360 HD, and finally the UHD release on Steam. I can safely say this game never gets old, even after the 20+ times I have completed it.Once again Resident Evil 4 holds up the title as my favorite game."
76561198097133889,Recommended,254700,14904569,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,AiG,the best resident evil i have ever play but this like the only one i have ever play
,Recommended,254700,14887414,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,Still the best Resident Evil game to-date.
76561197990406921,Recommended,254700,15066003,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,great RE game!
76561198081605510,Recommended,254700,15070609,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dcero,if you do not own this. buy it stranger!
,Recommended,254700,15062264,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DispleasedDog,Didn't have enough inventory space.Shuffled my inventory around.Still not enough space.Killed some people and got more money.Bought more inventory space.Now I have enough inventory space.10/10 Would inventory again.
76561198055239225,Recommended,254700,13818777,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Greyshe_wolf,"I love this game, I saw it played through by someone else on the Xbox and really wanted to play it myself but I found the controls too unnatural so when this version came out, I pounced on it and it was worth every penny. A really substantial game that I know I will enjoy playing through again and again. Plus Leon is really hot."
,Recommended,254700,14091593,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,REGunner,"Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition is the best version of this game you can get, even better than the HD versions of Xbox 360/PS3, it has better resolution, better textures and you can use mods and trainers."
,Recommended,254700,14076413,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Force of Nature,Controls are weird but other than that a great game!
,Recommended,254700,13290607,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Crinton,It's the best post classic Resident Evil game to date.
,Recommended,254700,10844578,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gandhax,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,254700,10845183,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,PoBi,"Best Resident Evil for me. I have beaten it a dozen times, at least."
76561198027290530,Recommended,254700,10846090,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Andrekun,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ RE4
,Recommended,254700,10844264,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,.exe,"LOVE THIS GAME, But the port sucks balls, still to this day, i can't play it... :("
76561198046823234,Recommended,254700,10846859,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Augerboy,Fantastic game. Thank god they updated it so this pc version is actually playable. Definitely one of the best games out there though and has been for years. Wasted dozens of hours playing this as a kid
76561198055300971,Not Recommended,254700,10847274,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Cyborg ツ,lol fps
76561198140163571,Recommended,254700,10509108,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,xx3zoozgamrxx,goooooooooooooooooooood game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,254700,13261883,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Marcus Antonius,One of the best shooting game I played when I was in college and now in HD!!! It's awesome!! I recommend it to all of you out there who wants to shoot some zombies a**!!!
76561198053826493,Recommended,254700,13269672,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,CountMaxMore,10/10 I had to turn the graphics down so I didn't feel like vomiting
,Recommended,254700,13264079,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hazmatt,"Just as great as I remembered! I used to play Res Evil 4 all the time on ps2 years ago, and now I can enjoy it on my computer without compatibility issues and with better graphics!"
76561198046158785,Recommended,254700,15329701,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,AnonymousJohn,"Upon its original release in 2005, Resident Evil 4 was met with great critical acclaim as one of the industry's greatest hits. After ten years and six re-releases on different platforms, this opinion still holds true.Resident Evil 4 involves more action than survival - and more tension than horror - in its gameplay. The game is a major departure from the franchise with its focus on gunplay and shooting mechanics. With a wide variety of weapons and plenty of opportunity to use them, it has great replay value.It will take some initial effort to adjust to its awkward movement controls, but otherwise, Resident Evil 4 remains a fantastic experience.Recommended. 9/10."
,Recommended,254700,18913880,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Evan #bootyslave,HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEONHELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON HELP ME LEON10/10
,Recommended,254700,19269378,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Pedro the Brave,"I think this review is worth reading, I'm not gonna go super in depth as I can't be bothered and am about to play some Left 4 Dead 2 with a friend who is waiting for me. Sorry its a huge wall of text, but I think its helpful, so please read.Hello, let me first start off saying I've only just got up to a boss where I need to gather 3 isignias. The boss is called ""Trousers"". Anyway, I was ready to give this game a 10/10 on my first run through on Normal. I think I'll give it an 8.5 because the gameplay has really annoying Quick Time Events that have really frustrated me. If you're good enough at quick time events, by all means get this game I recommend it to anyone. The god damn *SPOILERS* Mine cart ending jump, crowser knife cutscene and crowsers boss fight are the places I've wasted an hour replaying over and over because I couldn't mash the X button or whatever quick time event it was. It's so annoying. The atmosphere in this game is great. It's not as scary as I had hoped for but that's because my first ever horror game was Amnesia: The Dark Descent. However this game is quite great at the scares it gives, there are these enemies close to the end of the game that I believe everyone who's played this game knows about and thinks that the game deserves a great horror rating. Eh, I think the game's more of a thriller than horror, but I think that's because the older games were less action related. Anyway I decided to write this review at first because the god damn quick time events irritated me. But I guess I'll make this a full review, as far as replay value goes I can't tell because I'm just really close to the finally of the game, but the first game alone is enough for the money I spent. I'd even pay full retail price for this game, maybe a little less because of the quick time events, but I'll let that slide.. a bit. You play as this cool hunk of a ladies man called Leon. He's pretty cool, he seems to be the most athletic person who ever decided to join any military or whatever. He's a secret agent and has cool hair. Anyway the gameplay's pretty good enough, people say that the controls are tanky, but they're less tanky than I expected when I went in and played it. I guess it's because i played with my mouse and keyboard though. The story is pretty cool, and the back story behind the mutants/monsters/LOS PLAGAS PANTAS is interesting. It's a great all around game that becomes great because it's so thrilling the more you get into it. Like I said I wasn't too afraid of anything really except some enemies near the end of the game, who I know anyone who's played this before will know about. But not that much. Either way this game is none the less an amazing one and I think anyone should have it in their steam library. I'm looking forward to getting Resident Evil 5 and 6 next time they go on sale, maybe Christmas. Also don't listen to all the crap people keep saying about ""OHH THE NEW RESIDENT EVIL GAMES ARE SO LAME, ITS JUST LIKE COD YOU AREN'T AFRAID AND RUN AND GUN"", those people are disgusting and really immature. The new resident evil games are just as fun, if not MORE fun to play because they're more modern. But it's just not going for as much horror as it used to, it's going for more great production valued pieces. Which by all means if it's a great game, you're welcome to gimme some. Anyway, that's my review. Sorry it's not really good, I'm in a bit of a rush and just wanted to talk to someone and give my feelings on the game. Resident Evil 4, for me, is a 8.5/10 with my ""Spartan must have"" badge of approval that I just made up right now as I remembered AngryJoe having a ""Badass seal of approval"". Take care everyone, be good and follow your dreams, you beautiful people."
,Recommended,254700,19289134,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Best ridges,i love it
,Recommended,254700,19277413,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Han Va Ju Dää,Best Resident evil Game Ever ! played it alot. completed it like 4 times still funny
,Recommended,254700,19309452,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Soldado28991,"""I WILL BUY IT IN A HIGH PRICE...."" in a case, is true... if you sum ALL the copies i have of this game for each console of each generation it was released. is the game i spend more money i my short life. Why? because i love this game since the first time my friend show me the gamecube version in 2004 (if i am not wong) 11 years has pass around this incident...-the graphics in that time where AWESOME!!!! is a very entertaining game. now is not dated, it looks good. the only thing that bother me is the models of the inventary. capcom not update those. The rest is fine.-The scrip is funny. i love the sarcasm of Leon-the gameplay, this game is iconic for the gameplay in the shooter genere. the 3rd person shouder camera, the accion button (to do a lot of things, except cooking... you have to eat everythig crude) the only bad thing is that you can walk n shoot.And i think this is de definitive version of this game. If you lake games, you sure play this one!!!!"
76561197993695885,Recommended,254700,19309681,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Da Beast,This game is fantastic!!! It really brings a challenge to ANYONE who's looking for one.
76561197963357304,Recommended,254700,26381534,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sukkerkram,"Resident evil 4 was undoubtedly a massive influence on the 3rd person shooter genre, even though the game itself is a hybrid survival horror/3rd person shooter.If you are looking for more survival horror and not a shooter, then this might not be for you.As far as survival horror games go, with shooter mechanics, this is at the top even after all these years.The controls are old and very stiff if you compare it to modern games, so you have to be able to look past that and get used to it. The controls is not a problem if you played the original release, or any of the original resident evil games (1-3), as the controls are pretty much the same with just a change in perspective.The game is old, so it will not be among the most hardware demanding games out.It will run in 30 fps mode without hiccups in 1080p on a amd apu A10 7870k, with motion blur turned of.The game itself is one of the best games i have ever played, and the best resident evil has ever offered (including resident evil 1-6, revelations 1-2, code veronica and spin-off games).Do yourself a favour and get this game and play it before resident evil 7 comes out, and see for yourself why this serious was once among the best in the gaming industry."
76561198226030896,Recommended,254700,26366540,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,UnsnaggedNewt86,"its fun but for some reason it says ''please load a picture first!'' then I launch it again, later when Im playing it, it crashes I dont know why it does that and it says ''Resident Evil 4 has stopped, Windows is checking a solution for the problem'' I recently had this game for PS2 and I really enjoyed it, but for my windows 8 its messed up..."
,Recommended,254700,26437364,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Perplexityman,Resident Evil 4 is not a horror game. It is the greatest action movie ever. The reason people don't really like Resident Evil 5 or 6 is because Capcom didn't understand what made Resident Evil 4 a masterpiece.
76561198108031310,Recommended,254700,26430054,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"One of top 5 games of all time, and fav RE game. If for some reason you have not played this game yet, then the HD version is the perfect time. Shall not be disappointed!! Love, love, love, LOVE this game!!!"
,Recommended,254700,15136920,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mudguts,"Played this game through many times, best single player action/horror game ever made imho.Had to buy it a fourth time, because graphics."
,Recommended,254700,26835090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taff,I did this just so i could get the 4th reward in the steam awards
,Recommended,254700,26847365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crab Gamer 34,The best version of one of the best games ever made.
76561198113531587,Recommended,254700,26874263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sleepy Eyes,best resident evil series ever...
,Recommended,254700,16641752,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,keybox,"Get the 4GB patching tool, disable AA and vsync to play without synchronisation issues and/or slowdowns. Playing downsampled from 2x my native resolution without a hitch. Game is just as I remembered, save for the villagers now having the ability to throw firebombs in the village when you climb the clock tower, I about♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Overall, awesome game."
76561198297147440,Recommended,254700,30912525,Posted: 2 April,all,circle7,amazing!
,Recommended,254700,17636622,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,samonosuke,Love the game but can someone tell me why it doesnt run with windows vista?
76561198041374969,Recommended,254700,9312619,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,famouswolfe,"Grew up playing Resident Evil on the Playstation, after having played the first 3 games I grew bored with the series and gave up. When they released RE4 on Gamecube I dismissed it and moved along. Boy how much I regret that now. RE4 was a complete overhaul of the series, changing up the enemies (no more zombies but instead parasites that infect people), the tank controls are replaced by a much more intuitive and fluid control scheme (you can aim in third person, interact with the environment much more, even hunt wild animals for health replenishing items), and was a major departure from the previous games in a good way. If you're an old school RE fan like myself and on the fence about it, just go for it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,254700,26912342,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doc,"Resident Evil 4 on Steam is every bit as good as it was when it launched for the GameCube over a decade a go. Even though many 3rd-person shooters have come and evolved the things that Resident Evil 4 did, I still feel like few did it as well. Maybe they made it better for action games, but Shinji Mikami's masterpiece is still perfect in every way for the game crafted around it.Gameplay aside, this version brings with it some HD textures, some of which aren't as polished as you would expect, but the game definitely carries that ""It looks just like when I first played it!"" set of rose-tinted lenses. And on even a moderately powerful computer, it will run even smoother.Resident Evil, as a series, was never really known for being incredibly well written, or acted, and the older games generally didn't look great. But Resident Evil 4 changed (almost) all of that. Even though the plot is clearly bonkers, it still carries just a little bit of that plausibility that keeps you invested in any kind of supernatural horror experience. You don't find yourself questioning the horde of mindless slaves to a parasite. Even the intense action sequences don't feel out of place for the world that was built around Leon Kennedy's European adventure. No matter how bombastic it is when you step away to think about it, everything in Resident Evil 4 works. The dialogue comes off as a bit stilted and ham-fisted in some places, but it feels more like a purposeful move to make these characters unique as possible, rather than to just fill in moments of dialog with the first sentence that comes to your head.The sound design remains in tact, and if you can play with headphones, it will give you a better experience. Not only will it help to immerse you with little things like the sound of a torch smoldering beside you, it'll give you a tactical advantage as you can here where your enemies surround you.To this day, almost no game has given me quite the thrills of Resident Evil 4. I still rate the opening hour of that game, up through ""The Village"" sequence, as one of the best set pieces in a video game.But look, I could talk to you forever about how much I think Resident Evil deserves your attention, even this long after the fact. If the price is right, and even when it's not sale it usually is, you owe it to yourself to give this game a shot. (Note: If you can find a copy of the Wii Edition, prepare to enjoy all the same content, slightly lower res, but with a great 3rd person shooter control for the Wii-mote that will have you questioning why nobody did something with that for new games.)"
,Recommended,254700,26909466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Automatomic,"I play this game on an almost-annual basis, and it's still a blast.Even if the controls *seem* clunky by modern standards, everything about the design, levels, and gameplay keep RE4 from feeling old, even an entire decade later.Also, Leon wears a heckin' sweet jacket. 10/10, would recommend for the fall season."
,Recommended,254700,26908186,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Davos Seaworth,10/10 would play through again
,Recommended,254700,26894440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arch,LOS INSANOS10/10
,Recommended,254700,26888958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,s0mni,This game is still great.
,Recommended,254700,26806949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iCoconut,This reminds me alot when my brother use to play it on the wii. its such a great game owever on my laptop when i play it its all laggy and slow
76561198047456543,Recommended,254700,26929551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Barkley,American man kills spaniards in a quest to remove an egg from a girl.
,Recommended,254700,26918811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Navi [Dying Spree],What are yer buyin?... What are yer sellen?
,Recommended,254700,27089798,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Brumaldo,The best.
,Recommended,254700,27392304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clover,"I absolutly love this game. Even after YEARS of games with better graphics and more horror ideas, all we get is jump scares. This game does not gain its horror from jump scares. I mean, it does. but it also has a wonderful atmosphere, and a sense of loneliness. Spooky. Love it. And it's also a SURVIVAL horror. Manage you ammo carefully. You'll need every last bullet to count. Unless you've beaten the game a few times and you get unlimited handcannon."
,Recommended,254700,27431147,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Materie,"This is art. Nothing more to it. Yes, there are bugs. Yes, the controls may be a bit clunky. Yes, the graphics may be starting to feel dated.No, none of that matters. Because the game feels right. And that is all you need, really, to come back, again and again."
,Recommended,254700,27402494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fetuszilla,"This game still feels fresh after so many years, worth a shot."
,Recommended,254700,27403403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rosenc,asdf
76561198143406809,Recommended,254700,27413985,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kokoro-Chan,Fantastic <3
76561198076340224,Recommended,254700,27527081,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Darkiii1 Farmskins.com,nice
,Recommended,254700,27365780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eniotna-Cram,"It was a new direction on the resident evil series and I thoroughly enjoyed it.The setting and inhabitants of the game really don't make you feel welcome and keeps you on the edge.The story isn't anything groundbreaking but the characters are fun even if they feel a bit cheesy.The game understands it is kinda ridiculous and it embraces that feeling to make it fun at every turn.The weapons feel great, even if the controls can sometimes feel restrictive.There are a few quick time events but not enough to make you feel like there are too many of them.Replaying the game is also fun because you get access to new weapons that change your entire approach to the game."
76561198122006869,Recommended,254700,27508281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pimpdaddyG,You save a dog from a beartrap.10/10
,Recommended,254700,27524659,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,scrappa,LEON!!!! HAAALLLPP!!!
,Recommended,254700,27125816,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fizzle,I've bought this game 5 times and don't regret it
,Recommended,254700,27133585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KF ¨Dimebag¨ Johansson,"I've bought this game 3 times. That should tell you enough.PC (2005 original release)Xbox 360PC Steam Version.Totally I've probably played more than 500 hours on all platforms together, and I still never get tired of this game. One of the greatest games in horror and action history."
76561198140813038,Recommended,254700,13660045,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Oggod,"The only game i have ever bought on four platforms from the humble PS2 to the Wii to HD remake on Xbox 360 and finallly on Gabens super PC master race and even after 20+ playthroughs i am still playing this game today its is absolutley flawless and sadly I dont think there will ever be another survival horror as good as this game. On the negative side though Capcom did a poor ""Ultimate remaster"" because the majority of textures and backgrounds remain the same as the original 2005 game textures.EDIT: Just gave this game the Test of Time award nomination as no matter what garbage comes out in the present day I will always come back to RE4 at some point it's just that good tbh"
76561198159373763,Recommended,254700,27162399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mordecaiseven,"Used to play this game on the ps2it was good today as it was back then :0but ashley screams like she wants to break my ears, it's preety annoying :/"
76561198033469477,Recommended,254700,27152866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ouroboros,I played this game first when it came to ps2 and i was scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and when i saw it came to steam i had to buy it and no regrets 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,254700,27159425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BananaPancake,"The best Resident Evil of the serie. Waiting for HD textures to finish it again. Once you get accustomed to the m&k controls, you'll realised how much better it is compared to a controller."
,Recommended,254700,27236357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Habitat for Huge Manatees,"Play for flippant one-liners, stay for an accurate rendition of life in Spain."
,Recommended,254700,27274124,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fairjustice,Been playing it since I had my Gamecube and it's still awesome.
,Recommended,254700,27275322,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ForgetfulHitman,"This game has been on so many various platforms it's essentially a ♥♥♥♥♥.Oh, amazing game by the way!"
,Recommended,254700,27264597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shimo,Literally best game ever.
,Recommended,254700,27324474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,scrublord,Probably the best game I've ever played and boy howdy have I played a lot of games
,Recommended,254700,27325795,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,1BERTO,G(old) <3
,Recommended,254700,27323738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gimpmeister,"A solid port of one of the best games of all time.There have been a bunch of ports of Resident Evil 4 over the years, with varying degrees of success. The original Windows port is one of the worst ports of a good game ever made, while the PS2 port was one of the best.This port takes the best parts of all the other ports, adds a few features of its own and makes for a pretty definitive edition. There are still occaisionally some rough edges, but in general this is a solid port.Included features:Selectable framerate lock to either 60 or 30fps.1920x1080 resolutionUpgraded textures for most models(finally!) decent mouse/keyboard support. While I prefer to play RE4 with a controller, it's now entirely possible to use WASD + mouse and have a good experience. Just remember: there's still aim drift, so don't think you'll be able to breeze through the game with your CS:GO skills.All of the extra levels and modes, such as Assignment Ada, Seperate Ways, Mercenaries, etc.Relatively low hardware requirements. Unless you have a potato GPU, you should be able to play this game at a solid framerate.Some animations (like reloading the bolt-action rifle) are 30fps even if you're running at 60fps. Some textures have not been upgraded. If details like that bug you, well, there you go.As to the game itself, this is the Resident Evil that changed the direction of the series, for better and for worse. Instead of a slow-moving classic survival horror experience, this is more like tactical third-person combat. It has different difficulty levels, but also auto-adjusts enemy placement and item drops depending on how well/not well you're doing. It also has genuinely *tense* gameplay; not nessicarily suspenseful like in classic RE, but you're not going to be bored.Because this is a single-player focused game, the issues with terrible partner AI in later RE games are pretty much non-existant here. Combat is the central mechanic, and it's polished to a mirror shine. The weapon upgrading system is excellent, and often leads to having to make tough choices about what weapons to focus on. This is tied with the awesome puzzle-like inventory system which makes the task of organizing the stuff you lug around almost like a mini-game.Speaking of mini-games, the target-shooting minigame that shows up at various points in the game is also brilliant, with a goofy sense of humor that can provide relief from the opporessive mood of the rest of the game. It can also sharpen your aim, since it uses the exact same mechanics as the rest of the game. The excellent Mercenaries mode turns the combat into a purely arcade-style experience that is significantly challenging and addictive. The additional single-player side story missions are okay, but not essential to enjoying the game.The story is B-movie, the art is excellent, the soundtrack adds a lot of tension, the voice acting is variable (but aeons ahead of classic Resident Evil).Other than that, I'll just say: to play this game at top level, don't forget to use the knife."
76561198191863025,Recommended,254700,27332639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lachien King,One of my favorite games of all time.10/10
,Recommended,254700,27292337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Starslayer00,"I first played this legendary game on the PS2, then bought it again on the PS3 then joined the PC Master Race and bought it yet again only to simply fall in love with it all over again. the best classic if youre after thrills, horror, antion and story!"
,Recommended,254700,27374931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rocktony3™,Nada mejor que jugar de nuevo un juego el cual jugaste de niño lo compre porque lo ame en mi juventud gran juego!
,Recommended,254700,27373744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Titanious,Biggest nostalgia trip
76561197980075727,Recommended,254700,27375292,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SyphonLife,"This is my favorite Resident Evil game just after Resident Evil 2.  I've probably beaten this game over 20 times across several platforms.This game has great action, stays true to the series by still being scary (unlike RE5), has a great story, and has a fantastic inventory system."
76561198045789453,Recommended,254700,27375571,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Some Cool Guy,"A modern masterpiece.Step into the boots of Leon Kennedy, a former Raccoon City Police Officer who is not quite a smooth as he thinks he is as he embarks on a mission to save the president's daughter from redneck spanish cultists.Suspense!Intrigue!One-Liners!A knife fight!The goofiest thrill ride ever made.If you haven't played it, I really can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,254700,27378511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aerosmither,"Pree good, pree spooky at times"
,Recommended,254700,27377337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ProfBanks,This game will never cease to entertain me.
,Recommended,254700,27361654,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zander2758,"this game is amazing, it´s fun, fast paced and it stands the test of time, and for third person shooters it´s really impressive"
,Recommended,254700,27358448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wii Tank,One of the greatest games I've ever played. Wonderfully and thoughtfully designed and a pleasure to come back to over and over again.
76561198073617228,Recommended,254700,27357575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nanaquewetung,Why have a bought this like 3 times?
,Recommended,254700,27346074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,i'm back again,keep cool after all those year.
,Recommended,254700,27062628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woody Oakson,"Timeless game, best Resident Evil."
,Recommended,254700,27077880,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dark Draken,Keep coming back to this classic. Really great game. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,254700,27044995,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ochinchin Doko Da,I first played this game on the Gamecube as a kid and this PC port brings back all the nostalgia and then some. This is a flawless port that new fans of the RE universe should invest time in as well as old fans that want to revisit greatness.
76561198020602403,Recommended,254700,27049645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Driftmester,Probably one of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,254700,27178594,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XaviaR,"""Leeeoooooon"" - Ashley Graham"
,Recommended,254700,27183515,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheIceMan,I loved this game on the gamecube and its even better in hd on my pc. This is a wonderful way to get some headsplitting nostalgia. My only concern was the 60 fps wasnt properly optimized for my system. But horror games are best played at 30 fps anyways.
,Recommended,254700,27415078,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Real Tim,"Easily one of the best games ever made. I remember being around 9 when I first head about this game 10 years ago. Had it on the gamecube after trading with a friend. Through the years I've had at least 30 playthoughs, each one as enjoyable as the last. Unlocking the infinite ammo tommy gun and rocketlauncher was always an amazing feeling. Now that I have it on pc I can go back and relive all of those amazing memories. You have to play this game."
76561198077323662,Recommended,254700,26792865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RaptorMelon,"""Rain or shine, you're going down.""""Hey, it's that dog again.""""No thanks, bro.""""I've sent my right hand to dispose of you."" - ""Your right hand comes off?""You owe it to yourself to play this one."
,Recommended,254700,26791799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cornetto Man,Played every version of this game that has come out including this PC version just recently and somehow it never fails to entertain me. Easily stands as one of the best video games of not just a generation but of all time.
,Recommended,254700,27027353,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TrouserRocket,"Still a very great game even after so many years.  If you can remember how terrifying Baghead was as you move Leon through the first 5 minutes of the game and thinking to yourself, ""That was pretty cool."" Then pick this up and replay through it again.A controller isn't necessary but it's maybe for the best if you have a pad to play on."
,Recommended,254700,27021557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,a duck and a half.,"Over 10 years old and it still holds up. It's a solid port, with all the bonus stuff from each version."
76561198043307118,Recommended,254700,27041300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Day Man (ah-ah-ahh),Very good game worth the price
,Recommended,254700,27040631,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ambassador Blanka,"Suprisingly still holds up after all these years. Incredibly fun ridiculious romp through some Spanihs village, castle, and island while you kick all the poor villagers in the face. Watch as everyone's head explode and the slightest contact from your foot.Seriously can't go wrong with this game ever."
,Recommended,254700,27038578,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CommandoClean,"""MIIIIIIKE!!!""Best 5 minute character ever... you will be missed."
,Recommended,254700,26953249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stickman,"Well made game. Gameplay still holds up. Graphics look nice. I would absolutely recommend buying this game if you already haven't. I've played through it twice already, and will most likely play it through a few more times."
,Recommended,254700,26966830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adam,A great action/horror game that withstood the test of time.
,Recommended,254700,27034949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nigel Squidberry,"loved this game on ps2, gamecube, and now pc. it was a great game then and it's a great game now."
,Recommended,254700,26934246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"I have purchased Resident Evil 4 for the Gamecube, Wii, Ps3, Ps4, Pc. And of all the time I have played and defeated the game on all platforms, I can say... quality game. The Pc version is my favorite, the graphics are insane but still looking like the game it is. Story is very very very good. Amazing effects and interesting characters.10/10Would FOR SURE RECOMMEND PLAYING"
,Recommended,254700,26914944,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Treetop-kun,I'm writing this review for the badge thing but it stands the test of time sure.
,Recommended,254700,30842140,Posted: 30 March,all,Nigerian Prince,Played it for 12 hours the first day I got it and finished it in 15 over two days. The only time it really got slow was the island level but it sped up nicely for the ending.
,Recommended,254700,24795840,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MC Ride,"Best survival horror game, worth every penny."
76561198115151958,Recommended,254700,24835658,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,izazaozihaha,"Easily my favorite Resident Evil game!I first played it on PS3: Difficult, but fun. Then I played it on here: Less difficult, and kinda more fun.Kinda wish that Professional mode wasn't such a difficulty spike. Would like an in between challenge.Love the sound effects.Ashley is waifu. Leon is also kinda waifu.You'll get used to the dated gun control.Laugh with me that the main villain is Jarl Balgruuf!Ada was there sometimes.10/10 would use sniper scope to look up Ashley's skirt again."
,Recommended,254700,24767748,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KamenRideDCD,Re 4 is the Best Resident Evil game....Leon Heeeeeeelp!!
76561197979843504,Recommended,254700,24777527,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Time to LIVE [No Mic],"Resident Evil 4 is a good thrird person shooter with gory, creepy and violent on top.You play as Leon S. Kennedy, a returning character from the resident evil games of the PSX Era. His mission is to rescue the U.S.' presidents daughter and his lead lead him to a remote region of Spain, something like Transylvania would be for Romania, you get the picture (i hope). So you get there and people start to attack without reason, the game begins.The ennemies drop ammo, money and loot to be sold for money to a merchant that you will see throughout the game who is on the ""money's side"", he can upgrade and sell you weapons, which have stats (Power, reload speed, fire rate, etc ...). This is a violent game and i remember in 2004 when it came out on gamecube only feeling at peace after a game session involving shotgun blasts to the face. The game has its fair share of QTE, i don't mind them but if you do there is the news: they're in the game. Sadly you still can't move while aiming ... but you'll get used to that and it won't botter you.I really urge you to install Alberts HD textures for RE4 :http://www.re4hd.com/They did an insane job recreating textures FROM ORIGINAL ART and it's faithful to the original only x times sharper and detailed. They deserve our respect.So let's rate this game already:Graphics 5/5Story 3.5/5Gameplay 4/5Atmosphere 5/5Lenght 5/5 (Long compared to other survival horror games although it can be considered as an action game by some but still ..."
76561198220246892,Recommended,254700,22383050,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,plushybear (N2.0),Can someone tell me how to fix the this problem. Leon      is a shadow figure along with parts of the game.
,Recommended,254700,22364812,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Kylo Ren™ | Pussy Cream,This game is still good even though i passed it like more that 10 times ( played it on the PS2/PS3 and the Wii don't ♥♥♥♥ing judge me. )
76561198109888472,Not Recommended,254700,22410721,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Marionette,I love this game but I cant believe I spent money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port. WARNING! Will not run smoothly unless you have a really good computer. Mine is decent and can run games like skyrim and resident evil 5. There is NO reason I shouldnt be able to run this game other than a crappy port.
,Recommended,254700,22744905,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BloodyBetrayed,One of the best games of all time!!!! BUY IT
76561198075280397,Recommended,254700,22727480,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,JohnnyDarko,This has always been one of my favorite Resident Evils and the one I remember most as a child. I spent so many hours playing the game over and over again on the PS2 while trying to unlock everything and every collectable. It still manages to hold up to this day and will forever be a masterpiece to me. Such a great game and would highly recommend.
76561198276580608,Recommended,254700,30766553,Posted: 26 March,all,death itself,this games makes walking through a village infinitly more intense than any other game i've ever played
,Recommended,254700,22706819,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,cows 1100,"The best game the GameCube gave us.10/10 ""LUISSSSSSSSSS'!""11/10 when Ashley is being held hostage somewhere"
,Recommended,254700,13806148,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,qqq,Game good worth price very replayble cuz Leon S Kennedy is great man Ashley is ♥♥♥♥♥ though dumpster ♥♥♥♥♥ gg well played Japan fourth installment of biohazard.
76561198136162354,Recommended,254700,30759852,Posted: 26 March,all,gooby goober,"many scare, very good."
76561197995145777,Recommended,254700,20932026,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,DKH,"Extremely good - I was put off by the setting and packaging when this first came out, big mistake!"
76561198165781277,Recommended,254700,20944202,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ryan,Best game ever im a huge fan of capcom's work!
76561198058880216,Recommended,254700,20853725,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SigNalLosT,Good experience ^^
,Recommended,254700,20882148,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Discogypsyfish,Runs very slow on my computer without putting the resolution way down low. Recommended if you have the machine to boot.
,Not Recommended,254700,20841512,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Truly Baz,"Tank controls with over the shoulder view doesnt really work, it will take time to get used to but thats no excuse. The textures are very blurry, atmoshphere is bland and all the environments look the same, there is no change in pacing, youre always running from point A to pont B shooting religous extremistsIf you are the bored type, and want to experiment with poorly designed games, this game is still not for you, unless you dont mind spending 20 dollarydoos"
76561198061055565,Recommended,254700,27848176,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fusion425,The only reason I bought a Game Cube. Having a blast playing through this again!! A must have for any true R.E. fan.
,Recommended,254700,9324355,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,=DFS=Sgt. Bodgers,"One of my personal all-time favorite game experiences, made even better. Great story pacing! As a port, it is much better than the original PC edition. Great performance and a much improved native to PC control system! Newbies and Vet's to Resi apply here :)"
76561198175746061,Recommended,254700,27852855,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sladef,fun game
76561198017330581,Recommended,254700,27881188,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rex Quon Do,I originally played this on gamecube back in the day...then on ps3...now again on PC. RE4 is the only game I have purchased for 3 separate platforms. Definately one of the greatest single player games ever and is a top 3 game of all time as far as I am concerned. They gameplay still feels great (way better than re5 or that garbage they call re6) and the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic. 10/10 if you haven't played it get it now!
,Recommended,254700,27592352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crayo,great sdgkjfhaeg\
,Recommended,254700,27588596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Everdred,One of the best action/horror games of all time. Overcome the out-dated control-scheme and settle in for one hell of a ride. PLAY. THIS. GAME.
76561198026599010,Recommended,254700,27696092,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KOORGAHN CHANGE KLEEP!,"It took me years to finally play and beat RE4. I first played it on the gamecube, but that was when I was young and easily frustrated, and gave up very early on. Now? I've played it start to finish and it deserves every bit of praise it gets.This game is the weirdest combination of ideas, settings and cracked out plot points, but somehow it all WORKS. A lot of people have complained about this port, but I've had nothing but buttry smooth 60 fps. It takes a little time to get used to the mouse controls if you're used to playing RE4 with a controller, but once you do you'll never go back.For 20 bucks? Less if it's a sale period, this is a great way to play one of the greatest and weirdest horror-action games ever made."
76561198031071279,Recommended,254700,27678338,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Timesplitter Tipper,Best game ever.
76561197974662457,Recommended,254700,27670188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gman1089,"Love this game, I've played every version to ever come out and this is easily the best version. Great update to graphics and it has all of the extras of the other versions. If you are looking for the definitive version of Resident Evil 4. This is it."
,Recommended,254700,27626008,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deityeater,never gets old even after the 20th run
76561198043417207,Recommended,254700,27626140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jdolev7,"this isnt a reivew the game is great and you should own itthis is just a few tips for the pc versionfor inventory press tabfor draging an iteam press backspacefor rotating an item  press deleteand the quick time events kyes are :X+C,left mouse button+right mouse button"
,Recommended,254700,27646555,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Arrrragggghhhhhhhh,"Fantastic storyline, extremely long story lineMany things to do and achieveLoads of easy puzzlesFunny bossesFunny humour in gameGood graphicsGuns are amazing and can be upgradedCharacters are emotionally grippingOverall good gameBad flawsCamera angles when shootingAshley Graham annoying voiceOne boss is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ this boss being Salzar right hand"
,Recommended,254700,27622214,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EscA,"The game is absolutely perfect. I didn't play the original, but this game definitely has me itching for more.My only possible complaint is that one of the animations, the Bolt Action Rifle specifically, is choppy. Everything else is relatively smooth."
,Recommended,254700,27674537,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Machinesia,"I've been playing this game since it's launch. I started on PS2, and now I bought the HD version on PC. It's just as good as before but with better graphics. Would recommend buying!"
76561197993192035,Recommended,254700,27894571,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,K3R3NSKY,"played the gamecube version, the wii version, and playing the pc version.the change from urban horror to outskirts and village was a big change and it paid off well.the game took everything that made Resident Evil great and improved it. better aiming, enemies that react  to where they get shot. the tension of choosing weather to move or shoot.The enemies are probably what make this game a classic. Each new area has enemies changing weaknesses and strengths making you have to change your strategy and play style. while most games then and now just make enemies into bullet sponges, RE4 had you constantly adjusting your strategy to a new weakness or evolution of the main enemies you faced.Iconic boss battles that are still memorable.a true classic and worthy of being in everyones library.The ""HD"" in this release isn't true HD but there are a group of modders making an actual HD mod that looks fantastic"
,Recommended,254700,27776517,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mrforrestENS,"A trillion years from now, this game will still be great."
,Recommended,254700,28034681,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hustler One,"A classic action horror (definitely not survival horror) game that revitalized the Resident Evil franchise and inspired other great horror games (such as Dead Space). I've beaten it 11 times on the GameCube, 5 times on the PlayStation 2, and 3 times on PC. It's a pretty great game; and now it's in HD and 60 fps."
,Recommended,254700,28034705,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,slumwzrd,Are you a bad enough dude to save the president's daughter?
76561198068636696,Recommended,254700,28033142,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,nathanbckdrf,"A classic from the PS2/Gamecube era, that still holds up today.  This is the ultimate version of the game, 60fps and 1080p, ready to scare a new generation of gamers."
,Recommended,254700,28009567,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MidiMan,"If you haven't played Resident Evil 4 yet, you're missing out. This port used to be a bit glitchy, but I believe they've solved all of the major problems. The only real problem you might have with this game is the controls. It might feel awkward to get into the control scheme if you're used to most other shooters. The main thing is that you shouldn't be aiming with your mouse at all if you're not aiming your gun. The controls are tank controls through and through, but believe it or not that's exactly how the game is meant to be played. It might feel counterintuitive at first, but as soon as it clicks you'll be playing one of the classics. I played this on the GameCube when it first came out, and I played it on the Wii as well. I prefer mouse and keyboard controls, and when I bought the Semi-Auto Rifle in this port I felt like I was a god."
,Recommended,254700,28023768,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,metii,His right hand comes off.
,Recommended,254700,28019463,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,doyleman7,Simply put one of the greatest games of all time. Also has a great inventory system that is more addictive than most other games on its own.
76561197996401381,Recommended,254700,28067158,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,etriganbulldog,"Much better than the Sony port, this game unlike MOST older games lives up to the fond memories. Tried to replay a lot of classics over the years, this is the one that really held up...for me."
,Recommended,254700,24403273,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,D3athray,One of the best games I have ever played hands down!!!
,Recommended,254700,23558987,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Purple Zero   (マイケル),This Game is still as good as i remember it nothing wrong with it at all ████████████████████████████████████████████████████▓▒░░░░░░░░▒██████████████████████████▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒███████████████████████▒░░░▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░▓████████████████████░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░▒██████████████████░░░░▓█┌┌██░░░░░░░░░░░░████████████████░░░░░█▓┌┌┌██░░░░░░░░░░░▒██████████████░░░░░░▓▓┌┌┌┌█▒░░░░░░░░░░░▓███████████▓░░░░░░░░█┌┌┌┌┌█░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████████░░░░░░░░░█▒┌┌┌┌█▓░░░░░░░░░░░░▓████████▓░░░░░░░░░█▓┌┌┌┌▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██████▓░░░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████▒░░░░░░░░░░▒█┌┌┌┌▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█████░░░░░░░░░░░▒█┌┌┌┌▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒████▓░░░░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌█▓░░▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░████▒░░░░░░░░░░░█▓┌┌┌┌▓█████████▓░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░░█░┌┌┌┌┌█▒┌┌┌┌░▒███▓░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌█┌┌┌┌░▓▓┌┌▒██░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░█▒┌┌┌┌┌┌█░┌▓██▓▒┌┌┌┌██░░████░░░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█┌▓█▒┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█░░████░░░░░░░░░▒█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌░██▓┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌░█░░████░░░░░░░░░█▓┌┌┌┌┌┌┌████┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▒█▓░░████░░░░░░░░░█░┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█░┌██▒┌┌┌▒██▓▒█░░████░░░░░░░░▒█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌░███████░┌┌█▒░████░░░░░░░░▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▒█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▓▓░████░░░░░░░░█▓┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█▓░████░░░░░████▒┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌░█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▒██░░████░░░░▓██▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌██▓░┌░▒▓██▓█▓░░████░░░░██┌┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌░▓▒██████▓┌┌┌█░░████▓░░░█▒┌░█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▓█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▒█░░█████░░░█▒┌┌█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▓███┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█▓░▒█████▒░░▓▓┌┌█▒┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█░┌██▒┌┌┌┌┌░██░░███████░░▒█┌┌▒█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█┌┌┌▓███▓████▒░░███████░░░█▓┌┌█▓┌┌┌┌┌┌┌█▒┌┌┌┌▓███▓░█░░▓███████▓░░▒█┌┌┌█▓┌┌┌┌┌┌▒█┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌┌▓█░░██████████░░░█▓┌┌┌▓██▓┌┌┌┌█▓░┌┌┌▒██▒░░███████████▓░░░██┌┌┌█████▒┌┌▓█████▓░░░█████████████░░░░█████▒░▒████████▓░░░░▓██████████████░░░░▓██▓░░░░░░▒▒░░░░░░░▒████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒███████████████████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓███████████████████████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░▒█████████████
76561198196369869,Recommended,254700,25179407,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hexcelius,The Best Game Of My Life !!!!!!
76561198139518073,Recommended,254700,25102806,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ze.x,While i feel this game is really awesome but the port quality is pretty much garbage but if u have a graphics card like a 750ti or above it should be fine since it was for me BUT milage may varie so if u like this game at 60fps 1080p and max graphics is really great the game is awesome.But the port is not good but not the worst so u need a actual gaming pc not some intel hd graphics bc that wont cut it
,Recommended,254700,24918709,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ceasormayhem101,"This is a very unique game in many ways. Not only is it the first Resident evil game to have a manual camera, but it set the standard for third person shooters ever since and it has survived long enough to be played two generations after its release. I have a core i5-4430, gtx 970, 20 gb of ram (weird number but I got it for free) so its going to run great on my machine no matter what. I've had no problems with performance at all. This is my first play through ever, so I could justify buying this game more than others. In all honesty, it's just a good game to have in your library, if you've played it before, you might want to spend your cash else where."
76561198165896107,Recommended,254700,30849109,Posted: 31 March,all,TANKYWANK,I should've played this a long time ago.
76561198111523347,Recommended,254700,25081855,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ZombieSlayer101,"This game was on my wishlist for a while and I finally decided to pick it up on sale. Best/worst choice I ever made. Worst because I didn't buy this game sooner, best because this is an amazing game. Don't get me wrong it's not perfect... but it's sure close. Only problem was that the fps dropped severely whenever you were in the rain or in a boss fight."
,Recommended,254700,9356670,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,BlackScout,"PS2 era classic...Totally worth buying, at least if you enjoy the balance of Action and Survival Horror in this specific title of the RE series."
76561198098651423,Recommended,254700,17173503,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,NordWinter87,This is simply the best version of the game. 10/10
76561198312931754,Recommended,254700,24818814,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GalaxyEyesChamp,I would reccomend a controller for it because the keyboard controls are different than most games but other than that it is a great game.
76561198154932359,Recommended,254700,30844552,Posted: 30 March,all,Reidaa,"This game is a 10/10, but had to tell some teammates that I cannot do any projects for awhile, because Ashley asked me to do overtime after the first playthrough.....hate the game not the player."
,Recommended,254700,24943652,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Fucc A Thot,Spook. Regenerators ♥♥♥♥ed my dad and took me to brown town
,Recommended,254700,19204801,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,African Crocodile,"Resident Evil 4 finally runs at 60 FPS, apart from some animations. The definitive version of the game, although I'm not a fan of some of the new textures."
76561198158211462,Recommended,254700,25075297,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,jamie_moore2012,amazing game
,Recommended,254700,24733084,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Walduchi,"I love the Resident Evil series, and this is by far my favorite game out of all of them. This remastered version of the game is very well done, and I had a fun time playing it."
,Recommended,254700,24699597,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ShadowGaming626,"Fully recommend, love this game!"
76561197982087969,Recommended,254700,24941634,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Richard,A classic of it's time and still good today. If you've never played a Resident Evil game before or didn't like the style of the earlier games then you should give this a try. The story is a little crazy at times but the gameplay is solid and it combines the aspects of survival and action quite well.
,Recommended,254700,24660749,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,The best resident evil ever made story action everythingAlso its in HD
,Recommended,254700,24913165,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Vixen,This is the greatist Resident Evil of all time!
76561198305736338,Recommended,254700,25414669,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Aaron Esannason,"Story is nice enough except the cheesy ending. About 70 percent action and 30 percent horror. Item management is a cool feature, and you don't have to kill everyone all the time, which is appreciated. Game has a long enough campaign so is worth the money.SIDE NOTE: This is one of the best Resident Evil games, but also started the decline in quality of the sequels."
,Recommended,254700,22094506,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Carbon,10/10
76561198179800754,Recommended,254700,21987626,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,prettyjenny1234,This has always been one of my favorite games of all time. This game is wonderfully made. I remember when it was first released and I had bought it from gamestop. I fell in love and unlocked every single achivement on my old console and I do not mind starting all of the way over playing the PC version. This game will always be near and dear to my heart. I love the way everything was designed and I feel that I always will.
,Recommended,254700,22021588,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GODSER1.COM,Must Buy horror game
,Recommended,254700,22014060,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,quantumness,"This is a great port.You should read the label that specifies what your computer should be at, so you can run the game efficiently.This is a great game and the game ran perfectly for me. I never had a single bug or issues with framerate. The graphics look great. If you are like me and played this as a kid when it came out then the game will look identicle. I have been comparing the graphics lately and I have realized a huge difference from the gamecube version. Great job Capcom and friends.If you have played this game before then you know what to expect here.A great game that delievers."
76561198351413265,Recommended,254700,30759115,Posted: 26 March,all,SiLenT,nice
76561198164613000,Not Recommended,254700,22511243,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,mohamedsaad702,game not working well
,Recommended,254700,22563934,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Taka_Chin,Its not working
76561198010345591,Not Recommended,254700,22260317,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,SilentResident,"WARNING: what CAPCOM is advertising here in the Store Page of RE4 Ultimate HD Edition:""This new PC version will include everything from the prior iterations including subtitle support in English, French, Italian, German, and Spanish as well as previously released bonus content such as the Separate Ways epilogue.""is NOT true, as this new version of the game does not have any new subtitles added, if compared to previous version releases of the same game on other platforms!Capcom is advertising on the Steam Store page that the Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Edition features English subtitle support but actually this is not true at all!The game DOES NOT feature English language subtitle support for the cutscenes! (And I am not talking about radio conversations with Hunnigan, but the actual cutscenes). So, deaf and hearing-impaired people, beware!I am very saddened that Capcom is making false advertisements and if you play the RE4 Ultimate HD version, you will discover that there have been no new subtitles added to the game, even after 3 re-releases of the game since the original Gamecube version!Capcom better stops advertising things that are not true."
76561198235696380,Recommended,254700,22541165,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,chicopino,"In my opinion, this is one of the best RE/Biohazard titles.  I had it on the Gamecube and eventually on the PS3 alongside RE5.  RE4 is fun and it gets intesne pretty quick and it akes for a great experience as you play.  Except for listening to Ashley burst her vocal cords screaming for Leon... or the Regenerators..."
76561198048788183,Recommended,254700,22528518,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Scuzzy,"You don't even have to be a resident evil fan to love this game. The feeling of panic, the weapons, architecture/overall environment, sound effects and gameplay mechanics make for a game that has stood the test of time. Over a decade later and people still play rerereleases of it!"
76561198129881027,Recommended,254700,22603268,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Noob Noob,"Im a mac user, i clearly cannot Play it, so i decided to try install parallels/windows 7 and buy the game 4 try it and it works very w, no excellent it runs kinda slow in 60 fps but u can play it smoth at 30 fps it still looking nice, and the extra content 10/10 :) RECOMENDED"
,Not Recommended,254700,23405803,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Caedus,"Old, laggy, approximative gameplay, among the worst QTE I've seen. Dropped it. Not advised at all."
,Recommended,254700,23032794,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hardees,"Started on PS2, ps2 broke. found out its on wii.. I baught the wii for RE 4 Only.. realsed on the ps3.. my ps3 goes through, the ""ylod"" now baught on pc! This game, I used to play everyday trying to get the chigago typewriter! I achieved the dream on the ps3.. now trying to get it on PC.. this game in my opinion, 10/10"
,Recommended,254700,25298285,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LopeyKneeGrow,it's good
,Recommended,254700,24488783,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gumarelo836,as good as i remember it from my ps2 years
76561198170165695,Recommended,254700,25220698,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MuffinSlayer,BUY IT NOW
76561198097135831,Recommended,254700,24392542,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Eddragon,"I have played through this game 10 times and have bought it five times on different platforms. I have played hundreds of games, but to this day this is still my favorite game of all time. The pacing, graphics, gameplay, boss fights, characters, level design, inventory managment, treasure hunting, and upgrading are all so good I have a hard time pointing out anything wrong with this masterpiece. If you have not played this game yet do yourself a service and buy this game. At this point its such a legend in video game history it will be referenced in lots of other games and media. Any hardcore gamer should play this.Also this port is pretty good. PC and gamepad controls work good. All the major boxes are checked in the visual graphics menu including an option to use the HD or original SD graphics. It runs well at a smooth 60 fps with optional 30 fps if you want the classic experience. Only thing missing is in game sound sliders oddly enough, but you can always use windows sound mixer."
,Recommended,254700,25716098,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,städArn,The best game for the PS2/GC/XBOX-generation. Pure action and gameplay. The only bad thing about this game is quick time events.
76561198159419623,Recommended,254700,25825747,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BloodPro99,best game ever 10 10
,Recommended,254700,25815206,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Leo,What do you want me to say!! it's re4 dude!!! one of the best games ever!!
,Recommended,254700,30891292,Posted: 1 April,all,AngelusGrim,"I cannot fix the audio sync on my windows 10 hp with radeon 6 graphics card ive put the game on the lowest settings and figured out how to streamline the actual actions but the suidio for the cutscenes seem to be playing faster and not in sync,"
76561198132582824,Recommended,254700,26088841,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Vistatarus Rovandcarde,"it's has been a long time, but this game is awesome""""""!!!"
,Recommended,254700,30891901,Posted: 1 April,all,Yeezy Sqeezy,"Very fun and definitley worth the two dollar entrance fee. If you can get past the aging graphics, (even the HD textures kind of look meh at times) then it feels and plays like a modern day title. Super good."
,Recommended,254700,25896958,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nimish,"I easily spent a couple hundred hours on this game when I had it on the good ol' Gamecube way back when, and I'm having a hard time deciding whether nostalgia makes me still enjoy this game so much or if it's actually a fantastic goddamn game. I'm pretty sure it's both. There's just a sense of pure satisfaction when it comes to Resident Evil 4, going through vast, dark maps, killing zombies, getting the crap scared out of you on more than a couple ocassions, saving the obnoxious hot girl, and then doing it again like 15 times. This game made me who I am today, and I am a better man because of it."
,Recommended,254700,26275244,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,boonk,I can honestly play this game 100+ times and I won't not love itLets seePS2GamecubeXB360PC Original PortNow the HD PC Portits amazing how well this game holds updo yourself a favor and buy it
76561198111138954,Recommended,254700,23649206,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,LoyalBullet,good game but sometimes you have to spam x and it anoying
76561198181882810,Recommended,254700,20715743,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Logical Fallacy,Best game ever love it completed it a 1000 times definatly recommend it
,Recommended,254700,20598970,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,DivineDinosaur,This game is fantastic! It runs well on this version!
,Recommended,254700,20617069,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,CaptainPlanet,"Resident Evil 4 is kind of a monumental piece of game design... Released in 2005 for the GameCube exclusively to ridiculous critical, and fan acclaim, it sort of redesigned what we as gamers conceived of as a third person survival shooting experience. Now, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥that I'm assuming you already know, so what's the point of me telling you? Well, everyone has an opinion, and this is mine. In the past, the series of resident evil was known for its gripping horror, tense moments, and difficult puzzles all wrapped up in a maze like open ended game environment where the player could easily get lost. It was in these feelings of loss that the player could feel the foreboding environments, and tense distant groans of the ceaseless hordes of flesh eating zombies. And all these individual things that sum up to a gripping survival experience are completely thrown out the window with Resident Evil 4. Now don't get me wrong, Re4 is a fantastic gaming experience, and to me is akin to injecting visual heroine into myself, if you catch my meaning. But, I can't help but feel it misses the mark completely on what made the past games so great. Now, it is of course a re-inventing of the series, and I understand and appreciate that completely, but that doesn't mean it was done right. For example; save for the Regenerating lab experiments, the game is completely devoid of fear. At no point was I ever afraid of this game. And it didn't help that it was so self-aware. In the past RE games, yes, there was a B movie campy horror aesthetic. But, I to this day, am not sure if that was intentional, or just because of a lack of budget. RE4 intentionally lets itself known that ""Hey I don't ♥♥♥♥ing take myself seriously, and neither should you!"" It's downright laughable at times, and it knows and accepts it. The first time I beat this game, I think I was ten years old. And I don't remember ever feeling scared of it. Whereas RE2 back in the day, I couldn't even play for more than 20 minutes without cowering in a corner, clambering for the reset button on my PS1. At the end of the day, Resident evil 4 has allot to offer to players, with its memorable campaign, perfection of the mercenaries mode, and incredible amount of unlockable content. But it's just not resident evil, it sort of has its own identity to me separating it from the rest in the series. This is a great decade defining game that should be played by all self-acclaimed ""gamers"" no matter your age or gender, it just unfortunately misses the mark on the fear aspect making it the beginning point of the downhill slope of resident evil games as we know them today."
,Recommended,254700,20571466,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,D'glester Hardunkichud,"As someone who's only fully completed RE5 and not the other games in the series, it's clear to me that RE5 drew most of its inspiration and gameplay from RE4. Slow-walking enemies, clunky yet functional aiming mechanics, etc. It's very well paced, with boss battles and puzzles just where they need to be. Enemies have ranging HP levels, with some dying in one well-placed headshot and others surviving up to 5+ headshots. It's a brilliant game mechanic that keeps you on your toes.My main gripes with the game is that Ashley's AI is terrible (she can climb up ladders just fine but needs my help to descend ladders? wut), and the game giddily tosses 9mm handgun ammo your way while very rarely giving you ammo for all the other weapons. Buying ammo from the in-game merchant isn't possible, so it doesn't make much sense to use anything but a highly upgraded pistol, imo.It's anxiety-fueling, tense action, not necessarily pants-pissingly horrifying, but still a blast to play."
76561198135772780,Recommended,254700,19942016,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,creeperman2301,okay i have a newer opirrating sytem and this was ment for older styems and a styem i had before getting a new one so the adio and the cut sences are out of syc wich sucks.
,Recommended,254700,20124421,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Artorias,One of the games that marked my childhood (and scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me).
76561198035712740,Recommended,254700,20141523,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ultra-Violence,"As a huge Resident Evil fan I'd say that the original games will forever be the greatest but Resident Evil 4 comes directly after that bar none. An epic survival horror game with huge focus on action. The combat is stellar, the story is great, the characters are enjoyable and it is just in general an enjoyable experience of a game. Blasting the heads off of ganados and being decapitated by chainsaws will always leave me giddy. I recommend it not only for Resident Evil fans but for fans of Survival Horror in general.10/10"
,Recommended,254700,20095340,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,spideybro2,One of my favorite Resident Evils.Its old but it is fun to play the story
,Recommended,254700,17369543,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ozzote,"Great game, now for real HD Graphics go tohttp://www.re4hd.com/and get the mod"
,Recommended,254700,20134864,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Quillion,"I played this on both Wii (rented) and Gamecube (bought later) initially.This is a good port, but without a controller it feels even more awkward to control than it already is.There's no good implementation of the inventory screen to keyboard and mouse, either. No mouse functionality in those menus. I have tried both. Mouse is way better for aiming control.Running Ashley around sucks, but for a game that is literally a hostage rescue and escort mission, it pulls of the best example of it in gaming period.I like everything involved with the maps (And levels) and inventory system and design, especially finding and collecting weapons and treasures.The antagonists and dialogue might be cheesy and poorly written, but who cares? It adds charm.Enemies start out basic and get more convoluted and crazy, as expected of the franchise.Puzzles are nearly non-existent, but there is still a good focus on paying attention to the environment to progress that I can appreciate.There's a lot of variety here, and it's a well polished title.One of the best, it's easy to say RE4 is good.I recommend this to people who have controllers and are fans of linear survival horror games."
76561197983241416,Recommended,254700,20161051,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"Resident Evil 4aka ""resident evil 4"" aka ""4 resident evil""was one of my formative games back when I was a dumb kid that sucked too much to finish the original RE. It was the first survival horror game that I powered through despite being terrified of it, and the first game I played where your character could get gruesomely dismembered if you failed.This game formed the basis for every action-horror game of this generation. I still replay it every couple of years out of nostalgia. And this PC port- which is surprisingly solid, running smoothly and working pretty well with mouse and keyboard- is a great way to do it.Most importantly, with the miracles of modern technology you can use a trainer to keep that sweet jacket past Chapter 1-1. My 15 y/o self dreamed of this day"
,Recommended,254700,19346931,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Vohen,"LEON HELPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPOH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO2005,i was on 9th grade rocking my 14 years old age..saving all  the money my parents gave me for food just to buy RES 4.I still have the game and i still love to play it once in a while on my ps2 because its so amazing,it brings so many memories but now this HD Remaster  version...oh boy,im glad i bought it.This is what a re-master version of amazing game should be like...an amazing remaster version PERIOD.If you love Resident Evil games,buy it,If you are new to the series and you don't want to play or can't  play the ps2 version buy it,If you wanna learn spanish,specially coursing,buy itMASTERPIECE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198244167784,Recommended,254700,20237554,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MsSilsent,This game is my favorite ever since i played it on my ps2 back in the day. Never thought it'd be an internet game. I would love to enjoy this game so much. It's just that its so damn laggy!!!!! How the hell can I fix that?!?!?!?!D:<
76561198215479269,Not Recommended,254700,20149107,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,EddyP,"One of the best games I evr played , bugged an glitched on PC to the point is unplayable(simple things ike , cant kick doors , get stuck on ledge and starting to air-walking...And not to mention that it work with like 5-6fps on 8gb ram and 2gb radeon graphics , and crashes all the time"
76561198181286865,Recommended,254700,20169635,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,yahshiro,"excellent , this is the game that made me get into survival games. love it!"
,Recommended,254700,20062749,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Optimus Prime,yes
,Recommended,254700,20100128,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AGNIIz8ejjs1k,Best re game 4ever.
,Recommended,254700,26393979,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,actionBastard64,On of my favourite games of all time.
76561198066897414,Recommended,254700,26532759,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Scotty,"This game is the BEST in the franchise,and I would recomend it to anyone who wantsto start playing the Resident evil series."
,Recommended,254700,26528430,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Proto,Literally The most enjoyable and pleasant game ever!What are you waiting for? go grab it amazing game. Would reccomend it anywhere.This is literally the only singleplayer game i've played. No wonder its a classic.10/10
,Recommended,254700,26573806,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Coolguy1079,"Great game, pretty straight forward story!"
76561198029040582,Recommended,254700,26585134,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,super boy and gang hit manhattan,I JUST-...I CAN'T STOP REPLAYING IT.
,Recommended,254700,26604408,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bob Ross,"My favorite game of all time. One thing though, if you're playing on a windows 10 PC with a touchscreen you MUST disable tabletinputservice or else the game will crash. Also revert to patch 1.02 to fix the audio (go to steam options for the game and go to the betas tab)"
,Recommended,254700,26498308,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DeadCrescendo,"I first owned Resident Evil 4 when it launched on the Nintendo Gamecube.I beat it, it was fun. A lovely addition and a great reinventing of the Survival Horror genre.I then bought the PS2 version, which while lacking in quality cutscenes wise - did feature additional content. Which I enjoyed.I have bought Resident Evil 4 more than I have bought any other game. It's clean controls, great atmosphere, and solid difficulty curve provide a timeless gaming experience that I would recommend to anyone.I have never written a review for the game. And I figured tonight is the night. Because tonight I'm hanging up my Red 9. And uninstalling RE4. ""How is that a good review?"" Well let me tell you.Graphics wise, RE4 has aged. It's upgrades make it a lot better but the graphics overall aren't why you should be playing this game. Still, the Ganado and Creature designs are great, and the backgrounds and environments are varied, atmospheric and full of life (Ironically enough).The sound is top notch, the minimalstic ambient score dynamically pianos and crescendos with the dreadful coming hordes of the wicked. Mumblings and ramblings of Ganados and Cultists break against your ears melding with the crisp and unnerving steps and drags and shuffles. The voice acting. Well. It's one of the better in the series, we'll just leave it at that. Some great one liners and jokes though.Game play? It's great. A variety of weapons and tools lie at your disposal and you'll be hard pressed to run out of ideas for blowing enemies up or popping noggin's with. Of course everyone has their preferences - but with the wonderful upgrade system each playthrough can bring a whole new experience weapon wise. Don't want to go with the Red 9 again this cycle? Okay. Try the Blacktail! Or even a fully upgraded Normal Handgun. (It's fun with a headshot multiplier! Trust me!) A couple of different magnums to choose from. And shotguns for that matter. In addition - the three grenade types offer excellent utility against your foes.Replay value is fantastic, in addition to multiple playthroughs with New Game + allowing for a fully maxed out perfected character (HP max, all weapons max, etc.)  there are some wonderful game modes that are available either from the start of the game, or after completion! Want to go through a full campaign with Ada Wong? Of course you do. Or perhaps a quick ""One shot"" mission? That's there too.And of course we can't NOT talk about ""The Mercenaries"". This game invented the mode in this series and it was a doozy. Multiple characters able to be used over multiple stages to achieve the high score - killing enemies and collecting bonuses to increase time. And of course, racking up huge combos for points and learning how to manage your bonuses and collectibles just right. The reward of course, being the most powerful handgun in the game.I have been playing RE4 since launch. That's over 10 years. And it took all of those years for me to exhaust my enjoyment of this game. It's timeless, it's damn near perfect, and you should absolutely pick it up if you haven't had the chance to play it before.Or if you have, and you're like me. Maybe you want to travel down that dusty European road, just one last time - and ask a local for directions.After all, what could go wrong?"
,Recommended,254700,30906039,Posted: 2 April,all,antpalos,Not very scary game but extremely entertaining nevertheless.Good game lenght and graphics are still acceptable though a bit outdated.
,Recommended,254700,26512037,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Zuffy,"""LEON!"" -AshleyGood meme"
76561198272504572,Recommended,254700,26515902,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,xplozeve,"Very nice game, just needs a litle bit of work on the camera settings."
76561198031021345,Recommended,254700,26445416,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dimitriosflessas,"Awesome game, graphics good. One of my favorites."
,Not Recommended,254700,26464276,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,chikfilatheist,"I love this game, but the camera is so clunky and slow and sticky with a mouse that I would not reccomend this version unless you have a controller. Fantastic game of course, this port is just a little lacking for me."
76561198067615902,Recommended,254700,12977057,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mitch Aldron,is cool
76561198066568610,Recommended,254700,26540574,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Blu Panda,Aim controls are wonky but the rest of the game is a lot of fun.
76561198155919407,Recommended,254700,26495756,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RayTheTree,ye
,Recommended,254700,26400438,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Governor,"Like it since playstation 2, nothing to complain about"
76561198025459065,Recommended,254700,16307409,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,gamer11,"a nice game the main problmeatic is the bad german translation, uggly menues- some realy bad textures,big issues with the performance tested on 2 pcs both have lost the framerate dropsor start to freeze for a short time wile the main character just ran.The controls are not that good by using the keyboard- i know the old RE from 1996 it had somebad keyboard layout too but in here its mainly illogical.The story is so far not that brilliant as i thought.The level design is confusing. Finding money is not the problem there is not much ammo."
76561198097702488,Recommended,254700,16713860,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ivercon,The best part of this game is the built in Tetris mini-game.
76561198049495939,Recommended,254700,16733483,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,=[PoS]= The Predator of Death,"So the Story of this game is that Adam Sandler(Dressed like count Dracula) is the leader of the Spanish Illuminati and you play as Leonardo Dicrapio to rescue Ashely simpson a girl you can command in the game just like a dog making her wait or follow you.But you share the same family name as John.F Kennedy and just like his bloodline everybody is trying to assasinate youYou will later encounter a Midget dressed in a britisht type colonial uniform (no seriously) and the way he says ''Missterr kenedy'' makes me want to punch that little midget.Also a Zombie called me a ♥♥♥♥♥ in spanish10/10 will be called a ♥♥♥♥♥ by a zombie againBut all Dank Steam reviews asideThis game is ♥♥♥♥en amazing is like eating Nutella while the most sexy girl on the world blow you and your favorite singer sings your fav song.Is that good, even if it is 50$ is worth every centMy first time playing this game was in LA RONDE is like a carnaval thing in quebec on a gamecube it reset the game every 20min but the moment i played it i fell in love.Seriously buy this game I r8 it   AdamSandler/Dicaprio"
76561198070172841,Recommended,254700,16710368,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Plague,Great game alot of childhood memories from the ps2 version but its missing one thing. AUDIO SETTINGS. RE4 PLS.
,Recommended,254700,10854150,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,☻ Friendly ☻,I disliked the movement and gave up on the game early on.  Prop hunt is really fun though.  It is good for a few laughs.Overall the game is a 5/10 and worth $3-$5
76561198018701808,Recommended,254700,16378800,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SPEAKEASY,"I enjoyed the HD remake of the game, which allowed me to enjoy the game that I grew up with to a whole new level."
,Recommended,254700,16626127,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PrimumNocere,"Amazing game in 2005, still amazing in 2015.This game is still awesome, in all of his aspects, except maybe the camera control, pretty hard to handle in the beginning, but once you get it, it's a true pleasure to play this game a new time, and returning back 10 years ago. What a feeling to play a real survival-game (in my opinion) and not an easy point and one-shot every ennemys on the map.Highly recommended game, 10 years after, i still love it !"
,Recommended,254700,16726654,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,hotlinedink,"One of my favourite RE games ported over to PC and now in HD!The game is a classic, a must have gem if you are a fan of survivor horror games."
76561198095642127,Not Recommended,254700,16435732,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,m0uthwash,"I enjoyed the game on PS2, so I figured I'd play through it again on PC. Big Mistake. The loading screens are long, the screen stays black for 30-40 seconds when just reverting to your inventory, and random choppiness in framerate happens out of nowhere. Resident Evil 5 and 6 ran completely fine, but this game issues somewhere.One of my favorite games though. It sucks the PC client is just bad."
,Recommended,254700,16441635,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vinval,this game is one of the unique games.. I really enjoyed every moment playing it. + Added games are so much fun. you should certainly buy it.
,Recommended,254700,15901465,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,CamoPro,I had this game for the Playstation 2 and loved it so I got it off of Steam and still love it.  All around great fun game.
76561198014518546,Recommended,254700,16662089,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,How i Met Solaire,I thought i lost my Gamecube copy so i bought it. found it in a box an hour later -_-
,Recommended,254700,17241412,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Justice Surprise,"While the ""HD"" update is a bit underwhelming, the game itself still holds up to this day. The controls are not too bad compared to some previous versions and dont tend to get in the way while using the keyboard mouse combo.If you haven't had a chance to play this game, or want to give it another playthrough, picking up this version is a solid option."
76561198174582246,Recommended,254700,20271365,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheBoilineSeb,The game has kept crashing since yesterday.
76561198362901467,Recommended,254700,30691160,Posted: 23 March,all,tonyklinker,game is awesome!! but it is constently crashing for some reason.
76561198087819156,Recommended,254700,10891984,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Parmaeater101,"A Masterful blend of atmospheric horror and an intruiging storyline, if you've never played a 'resi' game this is the best one to begin with."
,Recommended,254700,20721486,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mambozila,nice game
,Recommended,254700,20741506,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TheSamuraiEdge,This is the definitive version of Resident Evil 4. It is totaly worth $20.
,Recommended,254700,26942521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Angecias,"Good game, lots of nostalgia. Some dude also working on HD retexture, check it out"
76561198049826820,Recommended,254700,26962924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeathMetalManiac,One of the best modern RE's ever. Nothing is can beat RE 1/2/3 of course!
,Recommended,254700,26955763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ϟKILLER ℳ4ϟ,Best Resident Evil Game Out To Date
76561198042816317,Recommended,254700,26956190,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MEЯCY,"I bought this game on ps2, on ps3, xbox 360 and on pc, having finished the game 20 times or more, I could recite each speech of all the characters without needing a script.MOAR THAN 9000/10."
,Recommended,254700,26881181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shoon,"Ya know, after 4 years of playing this game on console and beating the game on the hardest difficulty, it still scares me half to death sometimes. Even with an infinite rocket launcher and a cool fedora on me."
,Recommended,254700,26983643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Antonymous,"At least top five of my favourite games.Even if you aren't a fan of Resident Evil, I suggest you play this game."
,Recommended,254700,26988701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,/pol/gage [epic gamer],The best game ever made in my opinion. Play it now.
76561198040988447,Recommended,254700,26987411,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TimewarpXD1,been a long time comrad
,Recommended,254700,26983138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Benjamin234,is good
,Recommended,254700,26974294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shim ÒwÓ,Build wall
,Recommended,254700,26948785,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rabbi Snake,"If you're wondering why this game has been released so many times since the Gamecube version, buy it and play it. Only then you'll know. It's that good!!"
,Recommended,254700,26948837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Tawny Owl,"TLDR: RE4 is a good action game, an action game so good that I would say that it is worth your time and money even if it isn't currently on sale.Resident Evil 4 can only really be described as a classic.Its gameplay has stood the test of time and is still as fun as it was when the game first released in 2005(!).While some might describe the controls as ""clunky"", I like to think of them as ""purposeful"". They are designed to add tension and to force the player to form a strategy when engaging the game’s enemies. You can either shoot or move, but you can't do both. This means you must prioritise which enemies you will kill first in order to survive. This makes the game fun as you are often pitted against large numbers of enemies and the combination of evading their attacks and counter-attacking is often intense and rewarding.Something that I have always loved about this game is that the gun upgrade system gives RE4 an almost RPG feel to it. As you progress through the story you are able to upgrade your favourite weapons and unlock new ones, when you complete the game you have the option of playing a new game plus mode where you keep your gear and have the opportunity to further improve your character. When you consider all the bonus weapons and skins you can unlock through completing the main game and the bonus modes this actually adds a considerable amount of gameplay to those who enjoy these kinds of features.Speaking of the bonus modes and weapons... The Mercenaries is an absolute blast to play, and if you are like me, you will find yourself obsessively trying to get five stars on all the levels with all the characters to unlock the hand cannon for the campaign. The Ada Wong missions are also interesting and add more campaign-like missions for you to play through too. The bonus skins and weapons also add a bit more fun to the game, where you are actively trying to gain enough money to upgrade them to the point where they are just OP (like seriously OP, to the point where you can take down these giant enemies with like 2-3 shots of your hand cannon).The story is also good and I find Leon to be an interesting character. It definitely doesn't take itself seriously (which is a good thing) and is quite comedic in its approach to unfolding the narrative. Everything about the story is over-the-top and kind of random, the characters are a mish-mash of odd stereotypes and their one liners are often cringy but often enjoyable because of that. The merchant alone is all of these things rolled into one extremely strange yet likeable character.As for the performance of the game/the quality of the port, I actually think that it is top notch. I haven't run into any issues on my gaming pc and it always runs at a buttery smooth 60 fps on that. Even on my old shitbox of a laptop, if I turn down the settings it too gets 50-60fps consistently.I play exclusively with a keyboard and a mouse, because I find using a controller too unresponsive and not as accurate when you need precision shots to do well in the mercenaries and on higher difficulties (please, just turn up your mouse sensitivity - it will improve your experience exponentially). But many people swear by using a controller for the game. At the very least, rest easy in the fact that both seem to work well for people of both camps.I would honestly say that this game is worth the $20 it asks for normally, so if the game is on sale and you haven't played it before do yourself a favour and grab it. You won't be disappointed."
76561198023026059,Recommended,254700,26941211,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kenobi,"Besides the original, Resident Evil 4 is my favorite entry in the series. It signaled a change from the by-then tired original format to a style of game which finally seemed to push the action underpinnings the series had always wanted to utilize (fairly evident from the first game, but completely obvious by the second). I know a lot of people have bemoaned the turn away from the survival horror play of the earlier games, but for my part I felt like the games had a bit of ""survival"" in terms of resource management, but very little ""horror"" beyond the setting and monsters (although I give RE1 points for the excellent atmospheric music pre-director's cut). Anyhow I digress, the majority of the series are pretty enjoyable in general, and I suggest anyone who hasn't already played them give them a go."
,Recommended,254700,26925958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Liquor,"I still play this game once in a while, even to this day. I don't do that with most games that came out when this one did. It stands the test of time really well, and it's great fun to just pick up and play. Mowing down enemies with the Chicago Typewriter has got to be one of the best feelings in gaming."
76561198058232715,Recommended,254700,26926811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[THG] Dr. Ake,There's a reason this game has been remade about 7 times
76561197987256121,Recommended,254700,27545679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blitz,Easily one of the best Resident Evil games. It's the game that transitioned between the old and new generations of the Resident Evil series. I bought this game on three different platforms and never get tired of playing it.
,Recommended,254700,27557623,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkAggent,Incredible game. Honestly my first introduction in the RE games and wasn't really disappointed by it. Had me on the edge of my seat when I first played it on GameCube years ago.
,Recommended,254700,27917092,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GoldenGuy,A great game that still holds up today
76561198113393521,Recommended,254700,28026458,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,im gey,this is the greatest game i have ever played. ive been playing this game since 2009 on my ps2 and gamecube!!!
,Recommended,254700,28014355,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tooru,"Played the N64 version, PS2, Xbox 360, and finally once again on pc, I cant even count how many hours I've put into this game. It is still by far my favorite game out of the entire series. If you havent played it, then you should really give it a try."
76561198117704291,Recommended,254700,28023620,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Links,"After more than ten years this game remains dear to me as I still have the pamplet i got from the DVD release of Ok-ish Resident Evil Apocalypse, All i had known were the films, little did I know i was about to stumble into one of the greatest horror franchises I would ever play.... RESIDENT EVIL!After seeing the pamplet and deducing that not only was there a Resident Evil game but that this was the 4th in the franchise, I knew i had to have this game and about one two years later i finally picked it up when it launched on the PS2 however at the time this game scared the ever loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me with gritty dead trees, grain filters, hell scape music, and chainsaw wielding maniacs that haunt me to this day.It wouldnt be until 2012 when i came back to this game after growing a pair from Resi 5 and the Silent HIll series. What i found when i came back was a highly replayable campy action game. This game is only actually scary for the first fifteen-ish minutes after that you get to do things like inventory tetris, run from boulders, fight lake monsters, the predalien, giant statues, and a guy who reminds me of John Rambo. Its like an 80's action movie had kids with a Shamylan horror flick except theres no twist and it just gets weirder and weirder.The gameplay mostly consist of finding health items, conserving ammo for different guns and upgrading overtime. Enemies become tougher and more relentless as the game goes on, from villagers wielding farm tools to militia soldiers tossing dynamite and wielding shields. There is a lot of QTE moments as well such as escaping from a ganados grasp to performing roundhouse kicks.If none of that did it for you this game is highly replayable and has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content. After you complete the main game you unlock the following:-Professional Mode: The Hardest difficulty which upon completion gives you the P.R.L. 412 laser canon.-Seperate Ways: An extra campaign featuring a series favorite character.-Assignment Ada: An additonal non-canon challenge mode featuring above character.-The Mercenaries: One of the first horde modes that sets you on a time limit and tells you to get high scores to unlock more characters for the mode.About the only bad things I can say about this game are it starts to show its age with slightly clunky controls, some fuzzy pre render videos that werent updated, and lastly the games legacy as it helped popularize QTE's and Third person shooters which only became more genaric as time went on.My final verdict is a 9/10 for an almost perfect game thats a little rough around the edges."
,Recommended,254700,27990747,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ooglyguy,"I've purchased resident evil 4 at least 6 times on different consoles and I don't regret a single purchase. This is a staple in the resident evil series, the last ""good"" resident evil game before the series started going downhill. If you're thinking about buying a Resident Evil game, definitely go with this one."
76561198017456545,Recommended,254700,27992065,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr. Snow,"A good mix of horror and action. ^^Resident Evil 4 is definitely one of my favorite games, but it does not make it perfect.The game controls may be hard to get used to, but otherwise I would say thatthe game is definitely recommend to all those who have not played resident Evil 4."
,Recommended,254700,27970028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dover236,All I got to say THE BEST RE GAME IN HISTORY :') just perfection 10/10
76561198208268352,Recommended,254700,27904977,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,☆CTsubasa81☆,One of the best remakes ever done by capcom. Highly recommended for any resident evil fan.
,Recommended,254700,27904086,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CauseYouWillHateYourselfInTheEnd,spanish lessons i never got
76561197970851077,Recommended,254700,27944466,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SuperMario Source,One of the greatest games ever!!  Nuff said
,Recommended,254700,27953019,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,__,First played it on my PS2; playing it again on the PC.
76561198050072698,Recommended,254700,27922823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CHEEKYFREAKY,One of the best games ever made. Fan-Tastic!...wait wrong game.
,Recommended,254700,27929640,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NeoTM,"Gruesome, stylized, and action-packed, Resident Evil 4 successfully blends an action shooter and classic survival horror to create an immersive, well written, and satisfying action story that stands the test of time."
,Recommended,254700,22134891,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Xx_ZombieSlayer_xX,I like it.
76561197993251880,Recommended,254700,27847577,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,My Name Is Url,You're small-time
76561198024991721,Recommended,254700,28400442,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,creamy EsBy,Being able to replay an all-time favorite in HD is nice. Only complaint is that there's some slowdown now-and-then when the action gets too hot.
76561198199783783,Recommended,254700,27891665,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Dippin' Sauce,I've been playing this game over and over since it first came out on Gamecube and it's still just as good. Recently ran into a problem where if I try to close the game it crashes to a black screen making me restart my pc. It's quite annoying and I can find a fix for it but it's still a great game
,Recommended,254700,14964617,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,TheMasteroflol556,"Favorite Resident Evil by far, I love the aiming system and the enemies although I think there could have been more types and looks with the enemies, but I still love this game. Great work Capcom!"
76561198078040521,Recommended,254700,14784326,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,icaris1415,Very well made
,Recommended,254700,31306316,Posted: 22 April,all,Pre-Workout,"This game is old as dirt, but it's a classic none the less. However, there's no need for a gameplay review considering that it's been reviewed 1000000 times, but I'll give a rundown of the PC specific aspects. It supports pretty much all 16:9 resolutions which is cool, but the game cannot be run over 60fps even with .ini edits. Running the game over 60fps either results in a crash on load or the game going into slow motion. Furthermore, the textures looks like absolute garbage so I laugh everytime I read the Steam description, however a group of literal saints have been working on something called the RE4 HD project. So far they have replaced all of the environmental textures (ground, rocks, buildings, clutter, etc.) for the Village and Castle parts of the game, and are in the process of completing the Island. The textures look amazing so look out for that mod if you plan on buying the game. They also plan on retexturing everything else in the game such as weapons and enemies. Either way, if you do end up buying this game you'll have a lot of fun."
76561198266106073,Recommended,254700,31331308,Posted: 23 April,all,MexOtaku,it has been years since i've played this and it's still worth buying.
76561198110258432,Recommended,254700,31333834,Posted: 23 April,all,bob1444,"ROUNDHOUSEKnife, gun, knifegunPure fun and good atmosphere and set pieces.Funny story, cheesy.no flaws to me, did what it wanted to do.oh except for no dedicated ROUNDHOUSE button"
,Recommended,254700,31206596,Posted: 17 April,all,mikeburnfire,"One of the most memorable Resident Evil games that stands the test of time years later. Top-notch combat, amusingly cheesy story, and tense horror moments pierced by intense combat."
76561198354386695,Recommended,254700,30332261,Posted: 5 March,all,Jonathan,LOVE ITThis game is really fun and entertaining. Only thing I dislike is you cant get mods for it off of steam and i dont want a virus from an untrustworthy website. However I definitley reccomend this game if your into shooter games and horror
76561198017372191,Recommended,254700,30351885,Posted: 5 March,all,Tahngarth,This game is a true gem for anyone that likes the Resident Evil franchise. 3rd person shooter with riviting storyline and great playability.
,Recommended,254700,30272706,Posted: 1 March,all,Oky,Best resident evil ever
,Recommended,254700,28829105,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cris03sora [Yandere],"Ok, RE4 is one of bests Resident Evil game ever, for me.I think we all have windows 10 so the game has a little slow mo.For fix that, go on the config of RE4 [C:\Users\<owner>\Documents\My Games\Capcom\RE4] and click Config.Then in FPS write 20 or lower (20 is better) and you can change the laser color too!Now you shouldn't have any slow mo, but (in my pc) the game still have a retard with the audio and the video (in cutscenes).The problem of this game?BUGS.When you reload the gun, it dosen't aim. When you reload the Shotgun, Leon continue to recharge, again and again.When you kick a door, Leon's leg go in the door. Sometimes Zombies don't pick up their weapons and they try at infinite to equip them.Sometimes zombies don't fall down but they remain in the air, like God.But the game still playble. It's Funny. It's awensome. You can download and install a lot of mods only here on the Biohazard. There is my favourite modality : mercenaries!After all...it still Resident Evil 4, right??"
,Recommended,254700,31422370,Posted: 28 April,all,Big C,Frame rate drops but better playing this game with a Keyboard & mouse.  Points taken away with the button tapping
76561198386705082,Recommended,254700,31602199,Posted: 7 May,all,Mictlantecuhtli,"It's a great game. I used to have it on PS2 and PS3 when it was on their digital store. This is the same game, but it takes some getting used to if you were used to playing it on PS2 or PS3, The main downside is that it crashes, (at least it does to me), maybe every 15 min or so which is annoying because you can only save at the typewriters that you come across in the game and not whenever you want to save."
,Recommended,254700,31640323,Posted: 8 May,all,John Magnum,"This game is a must buy, RE4 has aged very well since the gamecube/Ps2 days I have beaten this game more then 72 times over the years and I'm still enjoying it today."
76561198239270302,Recommended,254700,31580540,Posted: 6 May,all,Squirfy S,Best resident evil game
,Recommended,254700,31629825,Posted: 8 May,all,ASL White Boy,Still one of the greatest games I have ever played!
76561198025458779,Recommended,254700,31587245,Posted: 6 May,all,Mad Max,"All I have to say is this;The only negative reviews are kids whining about the fact that playing with a controller is probably better than a mouse and keyboard, which isn't even entirely true."
76561198116064567,Recommended,254700,31716205,Posted: 12 May,all,tickle my pickle,This game is part of my childhood i grew up with it and i ♥♥♥♥ing love it to this day and its a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece this game brings back so much nostalgia and feels its insane and its in HD! i use to think that the old game did not look great but not terrible but now that i see the diffrence its huge! the game will forever be in my heart for making me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants back in the day and still doing it to this day ♥♥♥♥ING IRON MADIEN
,Recommended,254700,21327437,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SpectrumOfShrek,Pretty good edition of an amazing game.
76561198090234489,Recommended,254700,31712699,Posted: 12 May,all,Rioma,"I've purchased this game for play station 2, xbox 360, and PC. It's a very good game. So good I've beaten it at least 20+ times. It feels a bit clunky walking around and shooting, but you have to remember this game is quite old now so it was good for its time. Would recommend playing this with a controller.It is tough right out of the gate though. Many times you will need to learn how to conserve ammo, or perhaps kite enemies. If you want a easy relaxing game this game might be a tough call for you. But if you don't mind a bit of a challenge 100% recommend. A tip: Your knife is a tool you'll need to learn to fight with :)"
76561198158866839,Not Recommended,254700,31735916,Posted: 13 May,all,FerCruz,It crashes a lot. I tryed everything and it can't be fixed.
76561198063182141,Recommended,254700,31681086,Posted: 11 May,all,Dredded_Cyborg,I completed this game a bunch of times. I like this game. Buy this game.
,Recommended,254700,31347463,Posted: 24 April,all,Sam™,"This game is great! I played it way back when and I'm really enjoying the game.First off the controls are bad at first but you get used to them quickly, once you do you will love the way this plays. Also a heads up for later, the parts when you have to spam a button to climb is glitched and you must go 30 fps and get back into the game once the section is done and you've saved.Okay with that out of the way here is what i love about this, this game feels really smooth and especially with the hd graphics and 60 fps included in the game package. Revisting the game has never felt so good and it comes packed with achievements to do and all the extras are good time consumers whenever you feel bored or just want to have fun and not do the story mode again.As you already know this is a critcally aclaimed game and is probably known by many who played the game when it was released on the gamecube or other consoles and it sure does deliever with better graphics, technically improved, and top notch fps and nostalga that makes this game so rich."
,Recommended,254700,29433708,Posted: 22 January,all,Anoma. 么么哒,This is a great game and is refereshing to see that they updated the graphics and made the game run much more smoother.
,Recommended,254700,29421833,Posted: 22 January,all,PureSushi,"There's a reason why it's one of the greatest video games ever. The influence it had on the third person genre is unprecendented and it still holds up to this day. While the controls take some getting used too, after a couple hours it should feel like second nature and you can go blitzing through the game having fun killing ganado's and what not. This game has some really fun boss fights although some of them can be very easy if you use a fully upgraded broken butterfly. It also has some extra game modes like mercenaries and ada's campaign plus new game plus if your into that. This is one of the great resident evil games although it may not be as scary as RE1-3+ code veronica, it's a hell of a lot scarier then the newer titles and it's simply good fun."
,Recommended,254700,29458123,Posted: 24 January,all,Jackson,"""You're small time""10/10"
,Recommended,254700,29455654,Posted: 23 January,all,Thanatos,"I first owned this game on the Wii, then again on PS4 and now on Steam. I love this game, it's easily one of my favorites in this series. The story is enjoyable, even silly in some parts, love the action, the inventory management, and this game has a lot of replayability, even after beating the main story. Seperate Ways, Assignment Ada and Mercenaries mode as well as additional costumes and weapons.If you love action/horror titles, this is a game worth playing."
,Recommended,254700,24080373,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ZyphyrX,"I played Resident Evil 4 on PS2 4 years ago and it is a great game. I already beat the game 3 times on PS2.Now I bought it again during summer sale and I'll enjoy it again on PC with 60 FPS.For me Resident Evil 4 is the best Resident Evil game I've ever played (I didn't play RE 1&2) and the second is RE 5, which I've beaten the game over 5 times already."
76561198087852690,Recommended,254700,29579344,Posted: 29 January,all,IronBeard,The typewriter save & the music theme took me back to when I was a teen playing resident evil 3 on the PS1 with my kid brother.Priceless memory!
76561198012742688,Recommended,254700,28034704,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Troll Toll Cole,I've played and beaten this game on every system it's ever come out on. I'm playing the PS4 version right now but it's taking me awhile since I lost all my fingers reliving the Krauser fight with me friend.He's dead.
76561198050049656,Recommended,254700,22746614,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,IHateStairs,"It's probably one of the best games ever made, even today. It's creepy, addicting, and you don't need to play any of the previous games to understand what's going on. Put this one at the top of your wishlist and get it on sale."
76561198079443776,Recommended,254700,14397220,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Avatar Beifong,If haven't already played this then you might need to go play this game.
,Recommended,254700,27716352,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ball bag,"I SEE YOU HAVE AN EYE FO' THINGS. GAME'S NOT JUST ABOUT SHOOTIN', IT'S ABOUT RELOADIN'. YOU'LL KNOW WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!"
,Recommended,254700,27712354,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"Professor Pug, PhD","A classic, still holds up amazingly well nowadays, with a perfect atmosphere and pacing for a mixed action/survival horror."
,Recommended,254700,27703915,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GGFOXTWO,This is one my favorite Resident Evil games.My only problem with playing it on a pc is that I first played it on Play Station 2.I'm just to lazy to plug in a controller.This is just a great game and worth playing through.
,Recommended,254700,27619980,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trabby,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,254700,27563758,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BBboy20,I played a lot of different versions over the years.
,Recommended,254700,27654136,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Three Inches of Steel,"Return to the site of humanity's greatest accomplishment and achieve enlightenment once more as you massacre as many bad hombres as it takes to save a single American.The atmosphere is as thick as a horse, the controls are as tight as a nun's bible, the inventory system is sexually satisfying, the weapons and upgrades take you on a voyage across the stars, the characters are crafted with a Shakespearean level of quality, the story is Donald Trump's wet dream, and the voice acting is 10/10don'tworryaboutit.The pinnacle of our species, it's a mystery as to why anyone still makes games anymore."
76561198081976867,Recommended,254700,27637402,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LazyNerd,resident evil 4 was the first game iever play fell deeply interested to the game. (Y)
,Recommended,254700,29728586,Posted: 5 February,all,Markefus,I see that the president has equipped his daughter with *ballistics* too.
76561198139348326,Recommended,254700,29617956,Posted: 31 January,all,Thelionsden999,"The first score represents gameplay , art/style , devs , and innovation. The second represents how much I relished playing it.8/10                                         4/5"
76561198050221768,Recommended,254700,29733286,Posted: 5 February,all,Lowes,"One word of advice for people who think about buying this game: its great, BUT you need to consider some things beforehand. QTEs are a real trend in this game, and i get them theyre there to put pressure on the player. However, on the PC its quite... hard, like you need to mash to get the 'quickly push x' prompt to work, almost hard enough to feel like youre breaking the 'x' key. Other than that, the game is great except for one other blemish that would make it beneficial to buy this game on another console: it runs like♥♥♥♥♥ honestly it runs fine on my computer but only becuase its really beefy in terms of the technology but even my friend who has only 4 GB less RAM than me with basically the same exact computer can only run this game 15% of the time at 60 fps. RE4 is really, really great and i suggest it to pretty much anyone who enjoys an exciting and interesting experience, but consider your computer before getting the PC version, it will be a lot better for you."
,Recommended,254700,29679200,Posted: 3 February,all,In This World or the One Below,"Even after a decade, it still is one of the best game in Resident evil series.And one of my all time favourites.."
,Recommended,254700,29639932,Posted: 1 February,all,๖ۣۜSimonۣۜ๖,Would watch cows again
,Recommended,254700,29596036,Posted: 30 January,all,rockmusiclover,This game is awesome. I use to play it on the wii like 10 yrs ago but i play it off of my pc Steam and it's the best version ever in my whole gaming life.
,Recommended,254700,30040927,Posted: 19 February,all,Theomenkid_0,One of the best games of all time it's a classic
76561198041993574,Recommended,254700,28939291,Posted: 2 January,all,MrMarki134,A classic that never dies.
,Recommended,254700,28811652,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DizzyWol,"As a child, I always heard about Capcom's Resident Evil as being a horror/thriller series. Resident Evil 4 for PS2 was one of the most popular at the time and unfortunately I was not able to get a copy. This is the first Resident Evil I've ever played and even though it is the fourth it is not necessary to know any backstory (unless you are really interested in Resident Evil's universe as a whole).What really stood out for me the most was the gameplay. It is a third person shooter, but it has its singularities. The camera's positioning and aim are unique for the style of the game. Being a mix of horror and action, it delivers both of them amazingly. I had a lot of moments of spookness and despair as I had moments of excitement and joy.The plot is pretty cool. It is compelling and funny. There are some predictable twists but the game as a whole makes those little mistakes forgiveable.Finally, few things of the game that I really did not like was some bugs on the AI (Enemies sometimes stop moving or reacting at all) and  a few but annoying glitches (Boss battle where the boss does not go through the doors).Overall, I give this game solid 8.5/10. If you like third person shooters, likes a simple but stable plotline and overall a good buy, this game is for you."
,Recommended,254700,28808507,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lolo Uchiha,"I have bought this game for the Gamecube, Wii, Xbox 360, and now for the pc, never gets old and boring 10/10 to much water."
,Recommended,254700,28835276,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,△ GOATREK △,Epic Story! Best story from all of Resident Evil Franchise
,Recommended,254700,28835430,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cuban Pete,Ashley has big♥♥♥♥♥♥but is a ♥♥♥♥♥ so ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,254700,28996977,Posted: 3 January,all,becky lemme smash,"Something I've heard numerous times about this game is that it is the game that destroyed the franchise, and to that I have to say that I disagree. Sure, it is definitely more action-oriented than the previous installments, but that doesn't mean this game was to blame. The only thing we can place any blame on is Capcom itself. They chose to go to the weird, annoying, and filled-to-the-brim-with-action-for-a-quick-buck styel of RE5 and RE6. In order to really enjoy this game, you need to focus only on what the game itself is: fantastic.For one, this game is the one that really spawned the over-the-shoulder style that we see in so many popular games and franchises today such as Gears of War, Tom Clancy's The Division, and Dead Space, just to name a few.There are many other things this game inspired, but I don't want this review to be too lengthy as I have very much to say about it. One of my favorite elements of the game is how no more than 15 minutes in, the terror is already being set in. You get chased by a horde of Ganados, a couple of them being the Chainsaw Man, and you have very limited ammo to fight them off with. You already have the possibility of a one-shot kill by the Chainsaw Man a few minutes in and for me, it was absolutely terrifying.Another extremely notable thing about this game is the atmosphere. This game's sound and color design make it just that one notch more terrifying than it would normally be, most notably in my opinion when we run into the Bella Sisters for the first time. Just hearing them wielding their chainsaws and listening to their frantic, maniacal shrieks sent many a shiver down my spine.Now, I know there are flaws with this game, of course. One of the most notable flaws is the sudden change in tone in the middle of the game from a grimy, dark hick town invaded by people whose minds are being ontrolled to being in a nice, clea, and well-lit castle, still containing people with their minds being controlled. It's a fairly unwelcome change, I know, but it still maintains it's place as my personal favorite game of the franchise.Another thing I found extremely pointless was Hunnigan. I honestly felt that there was no point to her being there other than to tell you what to do next. She was very annoying and interrupted the flow of the game a lot, so I often just skip her cutscenes and figure out what I'm supposed to do on my own.Overall, even with it's flaws, this game is a masterpiece and is my personal favorite game in the Resident Evil franchise.If I had to give this game a rating, I would give it a 98/100. This game will scare the crap out of you, but keep you playing all the same. Definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,254700,28910779,Posted: 1 January,all,Space is the Place,I'm not into horror games but the gameplay of this is very satisfying. It's the first game I got 100% steam achievements on and I've played it through multiple times. It's probably the best RE game if you're not a huge fanboy of the series and I recommend giving it a chance if you enjoy single player games. The aiming is a bit different but it's not bad once you get used to it.I did a bit of research and it seems like the PC version is the best one content and functionality wise which is another incentive to pick this up.
76561197990100619,Recommended,254700,28927831,Posted: 1 January,all,Laser Razor,"If you love this masterpiece, the PC version is the holy grail. All the extras, and HD too. A must have!"
76561198078194125,Recommended,254700,28940006,Posted: 2 January,all,JohnnyOhYeah,"I've played this game on Playstation all my childhood and i loved it. Since ive bought this HD remaster im still into playing it. Awesome story. Controls kinda strange for these days, you feel like stuck or out of moves, but its still awesome. I love it. One of my favarites RE. Go for it, youwont regret,."
,Not Recommended,254700,28953647,Posted: 2 January,all,SLRRP,"An amazing game but it simply doesn't work for me. I have an i7 @ 4.4 ghz and a gtx 1080 and this game runs at 24 fps and in a ""slo-mo"" state."
,Recommended,254700,29147391,Posted: 9 January,all,Mr. Dupeep,"The best way to play Resident Evil 4, the tank controls may feel a bit eh on kbm setup but getting used to it is definitely worth it"
76561198219243960,Recommended,254700,29105753,Posted: 7 January,all,POSITIVE VIBES,"Got hungry, ate a gold egg off some chicken, health maxed instantly, apparently crows carry grenades, threw it at some rabid old lady and she exploded into meat. lol"
,Recommended,254700,29104909,Posted: 7 January,all,Aegis,"If you haven't played it yet, you're doing yourself a disservice.  There's a reason this game is ported to every console available.  Great action mixed with tense moments to make every moment a blast."
76561198045928096,Recommended,254700,28932248,Posted: 2 January,all,Turok,Brings back old memories! used to play this on ps2! This is even better on pc with hd graphics and constant 60 fps
,Recommended,254700,28868296,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nikandros,I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,254700,28890515,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[REDi]1R REC Korst,"The only game in my library without a capitalised title.I'd write a review here but I can't stop staring at that apparent lack of effort in the title.Oh, I have to write something useful?It's pretty much the prototypical Resident Evil game, with it's tank controls and not-quite-free camera.For the unititiated RE games are all about inventory shuffling, hoping you have enough bullets to avoid panicky melee, and locational damage allowing finisher moves.This is a re-remake of a gamecube game but even in 'Original Graphics' mode it still looks perfectly serviceable. I encountered some slowdown that appeared unrelated to the overall potato power of my system, but on the whole it plays a lot smoother than it did on release.In actuality I still can't help but stare at the uncapitalised name. I find that it fits with the overall nature of this remaster.Very little 'remastering' beyond HD textures, and not enough damns given to even capitalise a title.But it didn't need it, so long as it's functioning at least as well as the Gamecube 'exclusive' that was too good to stay exclusive, It's still a great example of what fun survival horror can be when it takes the story like a b-movie and lets you shoot monks in the knees for a tactical german suplex."
,Recommended,254700,19547241,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,VarmsMasteR,1 rule!! knife & kick....knife & kick. Once u master it....others will be easy. This is the starting point of a great RE game. Arigato gozaimas Capcom for giving birth to this game.
76561198046651229,Recommended,254700,28860153,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪ wilkins,great single player game. last few hours arent as good as the rest but its good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069224857,Recommended,254700,29126207,Posted: 8 January,all,organicpeach,a great action game that feels incredibly tense and atmospheric
76561198041465103,Recommended,254700,29149925,Posted: 9 January,all,Max.exe,I AM GOD
76561198050731782,Recommended,254700,20180402,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,karignisha,"*edit. new high end computer now. game does not lag. only annoyence is the motion blure and i feel dizzy sometimes, using keyboard and mouse to play.*edit Game is slightly more playable if you use a game controler. I am using a Xbox 360 controler.The curse of the crapy port to PC.I got this game during steam sell. Get this game when it a good deal.I play the Wii versions of this game. I felt the game sometime needed to slow down to take a breather and enemy just keep coming and would get annoyed how long it took to take down some enemy. As for the PC versions. I been trying to play the game but the walking and turning is very slow as if in slow motion even though play around with the mouse sensativity amd graphic settings. So after going to the forum it seem to be a common problem for this game since it might be a crappy port.Will update review when finish game."
76561198002986817,Recommended,254700,29105115,Posted: 7 January,all,Phantom Virus,"This game was everything I had heard about and more. I had delayed playing RE games because Capcom doesn't understand the concept for a good sale for an old game. Yes, this one is remasted but still. I am so glad I finally bit the bullet and paid up to play this amazing masterpiece. This game is fantastic on so many levels. It starts with a bit of a learning curve but by the end you'll have the game mastered and you'll feel exilirated for it. There are not enough good things to say about this game. It's got a lot of content, since it also includes free DLC like story missions. The gameplay is good, the characters are interesting, the background to the game is flawless and the game moves from one amazing set to another. There's a good reason this game is across every platform available. If you haven't played this game, then you need to right now. This game is a must play for everyone. I would even go so far as to say this game is in my top 20 best games of all time, its that good. I doubt any of the other RE titles even come close to comparing to this gem. I absolutely reccomend this game and everyone should play it."
76561198016462272,Recommended,254700,29098212,Posted: 7 January,all,Nuecom,I legitimately believe this is one of the best games ever created. I have yet to play a game that flowed as well as resident evil 4.
,Recommended,254700,30024240,Posted: 18 February,all,SUXADICK,"Having a lot of fun playing this game over and overKilled all the innocent villagers that eat such an gold,herb,ammo,and granadesAmerican guy always ruining everything xD"
,Recommended,254700,30121025,Posted: 23 February,all,Visigoth,I've played this on Playstation years ago and even if it was a bit far from the old RE I enjoyed alot!! The locations are just well done and the whole combat style is cool. I recommend this game as it doesn't go too far from the series as the new ones do but it spices up the old RE style. :)What else...BUY IT!
76561198000062853,Recommended,254700,29535860,Posted: 27 January,all,badgamer54,I had a hard time playing this game the first time i tried 4 yrs ago.  The movement with mouse I just did not get it.  But I tried again in 2017 and I got the hang of it.  So far my favorite resident evil!  Now I see why alot of others say that 4 is there favorite!
76561198053326431,Recommended,254700,29558405,Posted: 28 January,all,Unpr3dictabl3,Still my favourite resident evil out of all 7 <3 This game is brilliant once you get used to the controls
,Recommended,254700,29552991,Posted: 28 January,all,l,it's a good 1
76561198092678535,Recommended,254700,29310712,Posted: 16 January,all,j.lee_45,Greatest game of all time!!!
,Recommended,254700,32142952,Posted: 2 June,all,crossingcow,"Game itself is truly a masterpiece, nothing more to say about it.The PC port itself is acceptable. High-def tectures are working as intended but does not extend to the cut scenes."
,Recommended,254700,32471341,Posted: 16 June,all,Luram,Love it
,Recommended,254700,32533627,Posted: 18 June,all,Professor Q,"Still one of the best paced 3rd person shooters available.Since you can't strafe while shooting, the emphasis is on precision aiming rather than mowing down hordes of enemies - making it more of a cerebral experience.Plus, the campy Capcom style in the game's cutscenes is hilarious to me, and wraps up this package with a neat little bow.5 out of 5"
76561198310868598,Recommended,254700,32524620,Posted: 17 June,all,Vulpes Inculta,"I had Resident Evil 4 when Ps2 was around. back then I was younger and well wasn't the best player in the whole world so of course I got stuck often. and I had to repeat levels over and over agian. Though as a kid I loved this game. From the main characters to the storyline is what made me love it so much. (I even wanted to be like leon as a kid) Forwards alot of years I got steam and saw that Resident Evil was on here so I put it on my ''Wishlist"" and I put it at the top for I wanted to replay and rekindle old memories as a kid.  After some time I got the game and boy did i have fun! This time i beated the game!! (i was a kid back then) and well it was just so fun redoing the levels and then going farther then before and exploring and dieing lots lol.So in the end im vary happy that I got it in the end for a second time :3"
,Recommended,254700,30039666,Posted: 19 February,all,VGms,every thing is amazing BUT...you don't need headphones for this game 3D sounds really suck but the graphics....AMAZING
76561198091702918,Recommended,254700,32575713,Posted: 19 June,all,"""Kaze90""",An old school Horror Thriller 3rd person shooter Remastered in HD quality still capable of sending chills down your spine with a very deep story Line and loads of weapons and upgrades that make it all that much more of a one man army style game. play it with the lights off too....
,Recommended,254700,32699889,Posted: 23 June,all,r2micro373,"Hot damn, this game is utterly fantastic. Just one of the most finely crafted games in existence. If you like literally any action game ever made, you will love this game. It is the proper mix of tense, fun, and satisfying. I want to state that I have no nostalgic ties with this game whatsoever, which should show how well it holds up to this day. You don't need to be a Resident Evil fan, you don't need to be a horror game fan, you just need to love games and the work that goes into them. Please play it."
,Recommended,254700,32732275,Posted: 24 June,all,UFO_boxing,"Resident Evil 4 is that Skyrim-type of games that the developers like to milk releasing enhanced editions and editions in new consoles and it works, cause they are awesome games!I think most of us have played it in PS2 and we know what we are buying. The port is awesome, the game runs well and I didn't have any problems with glitches whatsoever.If you've never played it I'd suggest you should give it a go, its one of the best RE in the franchise!"
,Recommended,254700,32741294,Posted: 24 June,all,Koody,It's good.
,Recommended,254700,32651726,Posted: 22 June,all,jwynn11,Favorite game of all time. Played it through tons of times and it never gets old. Would reccomend if you have the money to buy it.
76561198267208199,Recommended,254700,32651297,Posted: 22 June,all,M.Collins,Very cool old school game with interesting gameplay
76561198023895704,Recommended,254700,32709778,Posted: 23 June,all,IgnisDrakos,"My favorite of the more action orientated Resident Evil gamesThe areas and enemies are very engaging and i really love the characterisation. the game has QTE'S but here they feel awesome because they lead to really intricate and varied death animations. the treasure hunting and combining is fantastic i love the idea of trading in early for a quick bit of cash or waiting and finding that last gem and combining them to make a fantasically valuable item.the game running at 60 fps is a delight and with some blur and other effects it makes the game feel much more up to date with the times, although some of the reloading animations still seem to be at 30 its reallynot a big deal at all.Love the game i would highly recommend even all these years later."
76561198060522001,Recommended,254700,32663262,Posted: 22 June,all,Scanntraxx,"Not going to say much just my favorite ever Resident Evil game. Hell if anyone gamed on the playstation 2, Gamecube or original xbox im sure you already played this game. If you didnt well you shouldn't miss out on one of the best games of that console generation. Buy it!"
76561198096293105,Recommended,254700,32664119,Posted: 22 June,all,Eddoze,I've spent thousands of hours playing this game across countless platforms.Worth every hour. Worth every penny. Favorite game of all time. 11/10.
76561198061031292,Recommended,254700,29331537,Posted: 17 January,all,Bigoli Fettuccine,Emulated this on Dolphin and bought it because it was just that good. Probably the best shooter ever made.
,Recommended,254700,13107139,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LV99 Vivi,"this game is a good game for its time ive beaten it on pro like ten times overall on x360, ps2, gamecube, and wii. This version is the best imo. You can change resolution fps AA and original HD textures but i recommendre4hd.com'sHD textures when they come out.The only real bad thing about this game is it lags when particles like water are on screen or when using shotgun or killing alot of genados with an explosion but that may be because of my pc, also i recommend using a joypad like xbox one or 360 controller cuz for me the mouse was too fast.If you have never played this game or cannot play this game on another system like ps3 wii or 360 then definitely get it,if you do have the game already it is still good to get this one because of the resolution / graphics options and 60 fps, HD textures and other modsNOTE: Like any pc game it may not work for your setup my pc was a toshiba satellite laptopwindows 8, 8gb ram, intel i7cpu, geforce 630m gpu2017 EDIT: I now have a beast PC and this game now runs flawlessly..."
76561198138487217,Recommended,254700,32600416,Posted: 20 June,all,.:BnErTt:.,"This is honestly one of my top favorites when it comes to Resident Evil! Quite a while ago, I had purchased the Steam Controller from one of the game stores in my city and I didn't know that it was good for any other games except for the Lego ones; but I was wrong. This game offers complete controller support which I really enjoy! It's like back in the day when my brother and I used to take turns playing it on the PlayStation! I seriously have nothing bad to say about this masterpiece of a game! The graphics are great, the controls using controller OR keyboard are pretty good too and I haven't come across any glitches or bugs so far! I give this 10/10"
76561198285379415,Recommended,254700,32619023,Posted: 21 June,all,sleyy007,10/10  I learned how oraganize inventory and slash people's faces with a knife.
,Recommended,254700,32628752,Posted: 21 June,all,Rad The Impaler,8.0
,Recommended,254700,32594321,Posted: 20 June,all,HxF_DoN,"somewhere i have a problem with ""x"" , it is not work !!"
,Recommended,254700,23302358,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MightyPeasy,"The game that turned Resident Evil's franchise to another level. I really enjoyed the main campaign with Leon, the ""mini"" campaign with Ada and some mercenaries action of course. One of the best PS2 games when it came to the market, still a bit terrifying if you slow down your pace and appreciate the sound of horror in some parts.I love it, and you should too... and if you didn't play it yet, why do you consider yourself a gamer?9.9/10 (Ashley is annoying, period.)"
,Recommended,254700,23389082,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NickTheDook,A classic. If you want the best Resident Evil has to offer - look no further.
,Recommended,254700,24246350,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cynical Sheep,"I enjoy games like Dead space and Tomb Raider 2013, but I accept that the have♥♥♥♥♥♥stories and compared tothis game are actually pretty dull. Resident evil 4 was the first of its kind and it has yet to be beat. While it has its fair share of problems, it's still very good. I just hope I can get back my infinite rocket launcher after accidentally deleting my save :("
,Recommended,254700,22136771,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,NukaHusky,"First and foremost, I put a negative on this game before hand. Saying it had bad optimized support, I dont know by some miracle, the game runs fine. This was one of my favorite games while I was a youngin, stll is. Im running at a smooth 60 FPS, no dips, no slow mo. I'm not sure if Capcom made a update for PC users, but it runs fine.To those who never played Resident Evil 4, there is a bit of learning curve to it, once you start to learn how to move, and shoot, it'll become like second nature to you. I have never experienced a crash on the game, I love how its easy to earn achievements, its pretty straight forward. The AI in this game is pretty good. I MISSED HEARING, ""WHADDYA BUYIN? STRANGA?"" it makes me laugh not because it has a cheesy line, but all the memories of playing this game with friends.Shot gun is still pretty OP, though its fun wrecking stuff shooting a shot gun. Even with the HD textures, it looks standard to keep the nostalgia, Capcom did a wonderful job using their MascotCapsule engine.There's so much to do in this game, side ops, treasure hunting, and even the main missions, each has a certain charm. There's only five chapters, but its episodic so each chapter is long. The recommendations to this game though is a lie, you need a pretty beefy computer to play it. I wish Valve can somehow get the specs right to the game.Last time I gave it a very low score, but now after Capcom fixed it I suppose. I'll give it a 9 out of 10. Super fun game!"
,Recommended,254700,24418990,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,~Crimsonrose~,"jugado en ps2, wii y xbox 360, ahora version hd en pc... como siempre un clasico de la saga para disfrutar"
,Recommended,254700,24174828,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wicked,"The overhaul that Resident Evil needed, RE4 is a classic game not jusyt of the survival horror genre, but of action games, in general. Almost a herald of what the next-gen shooters would become, every aspect of Resident Evil was improved with this game: visual style, tighter controls, a much-needed improvement to inventory, and it's own twist on the RE story that remains connected, but all it's own. The plethora of bonus features means hours upon hours of replayability, including bonus weapons, costumes, and fifficulties to the main game, not to mention two separate Ada missions, and the highly-applauded Mercenaries mode. A game that I have owned six times now - seven once I get my Ps3 hooked up again - I recommend this to any action-oriented, Resident Evil, or any fans of games that push concepts and innovation of it's time."
,Recommended,254700,24337232,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,FlashSuperCircleDanceHowlStage3,Gives me nostalgia from the good 'ol PS2 days. Still one of the best survival horror games out there.
76561198108143894,Recommended,254700,24364900,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Farronthedongman,"""HELP ME LEON""""HEEEEELLLLP""""DON'T COME""""YOU PERVERT""""SHOOT THAT WAGON""""LEAVE IT TO ME LEON""""DON'T TOUCH ME""""I'M COMING WITH YOU""""I WAS SO SCARED""""HOW ABOUT SOME OVERTIME?""10/10, wii port is best port."
,Recommended,254700,24330879,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Raven,"Resident Evil 4 was the best in the series, and the last ""good"" Resident Evil (imo). I've loved it since I was a kid, and am glad it's on Steam.I just wish Capcom would stop ""remastering"" it for ""new consoles"", because this was supposed to be the last re-release."
76561198122108656,Recommended,254700,24366147,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Dank3g0,11/10 with a controller. Nostalgic for sure.
,Recommended,254700,23697312,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ERIML,"I finished the Gamecube version at least 9 times and the first PC Version another 10 or 11 times (In fact the first version was the reason I bought a Gaming PC) so that should tell you I love this game, the best RE in my opinion. It is cheese, challenging, gets on your nerves and the characters are great. The controls are what they should be for a horror game not like Resident of Duty 6.I bought this version because the first PC version didn't have lighting effects, fog and has a really bad UI and settings (aside from my DVD breaking y.y) , and it really makes a difference but on the downside I had to go into the ini files to change the controllers because I am used to the Gamecube Layout (Even in the first PC port you could change all the buttons) and to disable Vsync. This port is not optimized but it isn't that insulting. Still worth it in my opinion because the game is amazing."
,Recommended,254700,29212805,Posted: 12 January,all,Mega Ultra Jesus,AYYYYY AYE GAAAHMueremueremueremueremuerePROST TEH SEEUN FORRESTERO
,Recommended,254700,29176346,Posted: 10 January,all,Amith,Play this when it's on sale
,Recommended,254700,29805224,Posted: 9 February,all,d34thbringerl,Excellent Game.
,Recommended,254700,31800229,Posted: 17 May,all,Drifter,"This game is great. I remember getting it on the wii when I was but a wee lad,  but I never finished it because it was too scary for me. I got it on the PC half expecting the controls to be garbage, but they're actually really good (in Resident Evil 4 terms, anyway XD.) If you haven't played this game before, don't worry if the controls feel a little clunky, it's part of the game, and you'll get used to it in no time.You can lock the game at 60fps or 30fps, depending on your preference. I played at 60fps, and there was only one problem I encountered that was caused by using 60fps; the minecart jump and statue escape quicktime events were impossible unless I started mashing the buttons before the prompt appeared. This can be fixed if you just exit to the main menu and lock the frame rate to 30fps, then do the QTE again. After that, you can just find a typewriter(A.K.A save station) and exit to the main menu to change the fps again.Off of that subject, the graphics are nice and the textures aren't blurry. I completed the game in about 16 hours, but depending on how fast you go through it, it could range anywhere from 12 - 17 or something like that. I went through pretty damn slow though!If you want to play even more after you finish, you can start new game +, which starts a new game but with the added bonus of having all of your stuff saved from your last run. There are also some unique items you can only get in new game +, if you're a completionist.The weapons feel great, the gameplay is fun, and the atmosphere is pretty scary at times. In short, go buy this!"
,Recommended,254700,14966377,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Pạrfạit♥,"I've played all releases and I was expecting more out of  this HD release in all honesty, it was still really fun to replay, a lot of good memories came back! I wish it was easier to mod though like the original RE4 pc port was. c: Overall it was really fun and I do recommend that people who have never tried resident evil 4 on pc or any platform play it just once. ^^ It is worth it.  However, it is still rather buggy for some people.. especially the minecart QTE ..it doesn't ruin the game much though since there are ways to work around it if one does get that QTE bug."
,Recommended,254700,31778132,Posted: 15 May,all,kablewall323,Good thrilling Game. I have enjoyed it on the gamecube and wii and now have enjoyed it on Stea. It is a good game with a good story.
76561198057730928,Recommended,254700,31809893,Posted: 17 May,all,Medic,play it u deserve it si
,Recommended,254700,31538682,Posted: 4 May,all,The Occupant of Room 213,"I am so happy that a friend of mine practically forced me to try this, I don't normally go for this sort of game. I love the occult mystery and I find it has the perfect amount of gunplay, forcing you to preserve quite a bit but not too much. What I really fell in love with is the inventory and upgrading. I've been trying to find a game like this ever since so I envy anyone getting to play this for the first time. JUST BE SURE TO USE THE FAN MADE GRAPHICS PACK FROMhttp://re4hd.com"
,Recommended,254700,31865214,Posted: 20 May,all,Macarius Wrench,"Resident Evil 4 was a remarkable game, mixing up the style and tone of the previous 3 entries in the series. Technically it's not even zombies anymore as the bulk of your enemies are ordinary citizens taken over by the parasitic creatures known as Las Plagas. In comparison to the slow, deliberate style of Resi 1, 2, 3 and Code Veronica, the emphasis here is a constant stream of action, mostly over-the-shoulder gunplay with a handful of puzzles and escort sections thrown in. It's so satisfying not only thanks to the campy and over the top cut-scenes but also the loop of combat encounters and equipment upgrades giving you a clear path. Once the main campaign is finished (a 10-14) experience you also have the extra campaigns starring side character Ada Wong. In addition the mini-game Mercenaries bring a score-attack based formula to the table allowing the chance to unlock powerful weapons for use in repeat play-throughs. As a full package, Resident Evil 4 is perhaps one of the most accomplished videogames I've played and a high-point for the series. If a great action-game is what you need, I've got something' that might interest ya'. Stranger."
76561198025030523,Recommended,254700,31852980,Posted: 19 May,all,Necroxis,"Simply put, one of the greatest games ever made.From the combat to the over-the-top story to the secondary modes, Resident Evil 4 still remains on my top 5 greatest games of all time."
,Recommended,254700,31877472,Posted: 21 May,all,Halflight,"Resident Evil 4/Biohazard 4 is a third person survival horror videogame developed by Capcom and first released in 2005. The game takes place in a rural European village and its surroundings where U.S. government agent Leon S. Kennedy has been sent to investigate the kidnapping of the President's daughter. Soon enough, Leon discovers that the locals have been infected with a mysterious parasitic virus, Las Plagas, which makes its host incredibly violent and mutates him/her beyond recognition. Therefore, the whole rescue mission becomes a nightmarish experience where Leon must be sure to rescue his charge and leave the place alive and well quickly.Resident Evil 4 was released on different platforms over the years. Steam's version, dubbed the ""Ultimate HD Edition"", and released in 2014, can be considered the last and best of them all, and a significant improvement over the original PC port: it comes with a high-resolution texture packs, improved controls, constant 60fps and nearly all the extra content that was released with the previous versions. The only hiccup of this port is that some cutscenes aren't upscaled to reflect the better graphical quality, so they really stand out as a sore thumb (this becomes really apparent in the Separate Ways campaign, where NOT A SINGLE CUTSCENE has been upscaled).To this very day, Resident Evil 4 is fondly remembered for the following features:1) An increased emphasis on action and QTEs sequences without compromising the survival horror roots of the series. Althought Leon has a wide array of weapons to choose from, can dish out powerful fighting moves on incapacitated foes and can improve his gear and survivability as the game progresses, you'll be outnumbered and overpowered most of the time, many things can kill you cleanly in one hit (the QTEs sequences above all else) and you must manage the scarce ammo, money and available inventory space, unless you'd like to be totally defenseless. The result is an experience where you can feel like a legitimate badass and the controls are fluid and intuitive, but the whole ordeal is still tension-ridden and you can't just go around guns blazing and being careless.2) A setting and enemies design that may be a far cry from the original Resident Evil games (from American cities and classical zombies to a rural European village, a gorgeous Medieval castle and a nearby island serving as a crude military base inhabitated by people made pale, violent and often ravaged by an ancient parasitic organism), but still manages to be horrific and oppressive enough to keep the player on his/her toes. Same may find these new elements actually more original and engaging than the ones in the previous games.Another great feature of Resident Evil 4 is its nice amount of replayability, to the point that finishing the game once on either Easy or Normal may be considered just the beginning on the experience, since, aside from the unlocked costumes and weapons:1) A new hard mode is unlocked for the main game, Professional2) You get an extra, shorter campaign named Separate Ways, which features a playable Ada Wong and follows her exploits during the events of the main game. This campaign may be the weakest extra content, since it's generally a reharsal of many things you already did in the game proper, against the exact same enemies, with a playable character who isn't all that different from Leon and is the subject of a passable side story.3) You get an extra short mission, Assignment Ada, starring, once again, Ada Wong as she tries to extract five Las Plaguas samples around the island while on a weapon and resource shortage.4) You can now play a hold the line survival, mission-based mode called Mercenaries, where you must kill as many enemies as you can in the shortest time frame possible in different maps. This mode, on top of being rather challenging, features new enemies encounters and allows you to unlock new characters to play as.Resident Evil 4/Biohazard 4 is still considered by many the undisputed Game of the Year of 2005, arguably the best of the ""modern"" Resident Evil games and a terrific and fun game in its own right, even taking into account is rich legacy. Being able to have access to such an excellent PC port thirteen years later is also a great occasion I think no one should miss out"
,Recommended,254700,21307966,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dave,Recommended
,Recommended,254700,31901282,Posted: 22 May,all,私は神の未来です,Nice Game not hard but not easy
,Recommended,254700,31920975,Posted: 23 May,all,Zohan Jigen,You can suplex the ganados 10/10
,Recommended,254700,32011357,Posted: 27 May,all,NewJourneysFire,"It was really fun returning to this game. Despite its age, this game certainly is a game that aged really well. It was a marvel of its time.The pc port has recieved criticism for its controls. I haven't found an issue with controls other than my mouse randomly disconnecting on me often (I dunno if I can pin it on the game or my wireless mouse, my mouse doesn't do that anywhere else). It's just a matter of adjusting the mouse sensitivity and getting used to pressing the Q button to turn around. It didn't have the controls of Dead Space 2, but it was sufficient enough for me and didn't hinder my gameplay experience at all.Also, despite my issue of my mouse randomly losing its connection while playing this game, I not only tolerated it, but still have loads of fun playing this game. I hope when I return to this game I'll have a better mouse or something figured out.I'd certainly recommend this game, I don't see it as a bad pc port at all."
,Recommended,254700,32043548,Posted: 29 May,all,JakeLoveBuy,Full Content.I give 10/10 .
,Recommended,254700,24293837,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SpinjiPotg,I personally love this game Ive played this maybe over 20 times over. I remember playing this game on the GameCube when it first came out and was only for gamecube at the time! Only thing is if you want to play 60fps hd textures its pretty poorly optimized but if you have a good PC would highly recommend getting this game! Absolutely love it.
,Recommended,254700,9318195,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AB,"Even first PC version of RE4 was a great game, and now, it's even better:PC HD Huge Pros:-60FPS-VERY FAST loadings, almost like canceling door animations in PC version of RE1 :PPC HD PROS:-New stage graphical elements if you come from first PC RE4 (same as RE4HD edition from PS3: water on factory, cloud, trees in some places and etcc)-Native keyboard+mouse support-Real time cutscenes on main game!RE4 PROS:-Nice replay factor (was the RE title which I replayed more times)-In my opnion, RE4 is a scariest Resident Evil, same thing for the bosses (and I played all main RE's, including RE5, RE6, revelations, zero, remake, classics and etc...)CONS:-with generic gamepad (non-x360), you need third party program for use same analog for aim/walk (as original PC RE4)-people complains about rifle reload animation stay in 30fps, but its a small issue (and can be solved with a patch)-some people say that keyboard and mouse is not intuitive to play (maybe it's because the way of RE4 gameplay was made?)"
76561198335033381,Recommended,254700,29675058,Posted: 3 February,all,wanna kms becuz auto,This game is filled with great memories
,Recommended,254700,22490633,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vic Rattlehead,"I enjoy the game completely, however there is a game breaking glitch which makes it so you can never jump down anything. It's possible to fix it but your computer needs to have a higher ram or graphics card for the game to be stable."
76561198069129690,Recommended,254700,29661016,Posted: 2 February,all,Discoharry21,"Resident evil 4 is by far the best resident evil game to be made. Not just that, it's also one of the best games ever made. With fantastic weapons, pacing, and awesome enemies. This game went from the fixed camera to third person over the shoulder. This move was a great part making it much more tense. The combat in this game is just really satisfying also.I totally recommend this game. Also it came out in a time with no dlc garbage we're all use to. This game had new game plus, mercenaries, extra side missions and more.Must buy game"
,Recommended,254700,29662032,Posted: 2 February,all,KOOPY SANDWICH,"Possibly the greatest game of all time. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,"
,Recommended,254700,29662291,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"The backend of the game can be a drag at times, but not for nothing is Resi 4 considered one of the best. Redefining how action games can be paced and framed, it is a legendary campaign with a control system that still holds up (and an inventory that arguably does not) that the sequels never really matched in terms of meatiness. Slick and smooth, always satisfying, sometimes a drag but never boring, it's a game I've replayed many times and will replay many times more."
,Recommended,254700,29349732,Posted: 18 January,all,RaDi04cTiV3,Best Resident Evil Game...
76561197996481059,Recommended,254700,29397692,Posted: 21 January,all,RiceSaki,Great story and awesome gameplay. The graphics have aged.
,Recommended,254700,31194481,Posted: 17 April,all,strizzuth,"Awwwwwww sweet! One of my favorite games remastered for the PC!  What's that you say? They didn't update the controls at all? And despite being 12 years old it still runs like crap?Well, it's still a good a game.  It set the standard for setpiece action games and it holds up well as a result.  You just have to know what you're in for. Set expectations to ""Gamecube controls circa 2005""."
,Recommended,254700,30158406,Posted: 24 February,all,Jeerus Sama,"I would say Resident Evil 4 is the best Franchise I've ever played. I played RE 4 when it first came out on PS 2 several years ago and coming back to play it again was like the best thing ever. RE 4 the game itself is great I would rate it 95 in meta score imo. It really brings back great memories from my childhood because I grew up somewhat playing old games. Anyways, if you're new to RE 4 take your time exploring the each individual map and make sure you get all the secret items. I don't want to spill everything but all you have to do is have fun. There are several modes as well after beating the game once. You can either choose from Easy or Normal when you start a new game for the very first time. The extra modes are really fun after finally beating the game. You will be able to unlock new stuff when you beat the main game and the sub games you can also receive specialized guns. It will be a surprise which guns you can unlock or you can also search up guides on the internet. Sorry for the long review this is my very first review of a game on steam. I definitely recommend this game for everyone to try. Anyways Have a good one and Safe gaming :). Make sure to take breaks when you play this game. Stretch every once in a while and stay hydrated."
,Recommended,254700,32637818,Posted: 22 June,all,M3nDuKoi,"This is one of my favorite games. I've put a ton of time on the PS2 version. Like, the game I've played the most on PS2."
,Recommended,254700,19699726,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Samurai Jack ㄨ,Ada GOODLeon GOODPresident's daughter GOODWhat's not to like about this game?
,Recommended,254700,33549271,Posted: 14 July,all,Chitsuki,Good Game
,Recommended,254700,33550830,Posted: 14 July,all,Vash115,"Oright..  I'm one of these guys who likes the classic RE more than the new ones. With that said, I find RE4 one of the best games there is.Few problems I wanna present to both costumers  and  support.. ""wha'er youu buyyin? Stranger.""1)  Game goes into slow mo in some areas in=game.2) After 20 hours of game play Im runninng some issues like missing files and game wont start....Overall: Buy the game.. you will get hooked once you start.#leon #HELP #LEON !!!"
,Recommended,254700,33376020,Posted: 8 July,all,JamIaka,One of my MOST FAVORITE SURVIVAL HORROR GAME of my life since 2005 4EVER! Stranger!10/10 #RECOMMENDED !!
,Recommended,254700,33620284,Posted: 17 July,all,Nicket,One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,254700,30971022,Posted: 5 April,all,LovelyYandere,"I've played Resident Evil 4 on almost every console if not every console and I gotta say, the PC version only made it better. The ability to do simple things like change the color of the laser sight really made this game 10 times more enjoyable. It's no surprise that RE4 is loved by many so I'll keep it short. Buy this game if you can, you won't be disappointed."
76561198261166301,Recommended,254700,33535379,Posted: 14 July,all,SantoTry13,Nostalgia. Game HD nya oke banget. Kalo bisa di upgrade lagi hd nya biar lebih mantap.
76561198083293456,Recommended,254700,32327111,Posted: 10 June,all,RagnarokZX,"One of the greatest games of all times. Cool weapons tough enemies and some of the greatest bosses, turns more towards a call of duty game towards the later stages though but still amazing.9/10 would play again"
76561197970629293,Recommended,254700,33446782,Posted: 10 July,all,Ser Eddard Stark,Starts out horrible with bad graphics and worst keybindings in the game but gets exiting pretty fast and cool bosses! If you survive the frustration of the first 2 hours its worth it !
76561198093620245,Recommended,254700,33027312,Posted: 30 June,all,Bort,"tl;dr -Resident Evil 4 is good. Randomly crashes sometimes, though.My first Resident Evil game. I had it on the PS2 but only completed it on PC (at the time of this review, anyway). The beginning of the game is tense, as the villagers break down doors and bust through windows to kill you. Ammo isn't the most common thing in the world, so make sure your shots count. Although when the time is right, you can bust a cap and go ham on them. The rest of the game is pretty action-packed. Things slow down once your meet the Regenerators, which are definitely the creepiest enemies in the game. Although once you get the scope for the automatic rifle, they become less of an issue. The cutscenes are enjoyable to watch, if a bit cheesy at times. Sometimes the characters fight like they're in a Matrix movie. Other than that, Resident Evil 4 is a really good game that I think people should give a shot. I could've done without the random crashing at the end, though."
76561198209204596,Recommended,254700,33173774,Posted: 3 July,all,Dead END,I used to play this game when I was a kidCome back to play again is fun ♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,254700,33657173,Posted: 19 July,all,Insane E,"One of the best in the series, played it on GameCube originally.. Bought it just to play through again... Had some noticeable upgrades since the GameCube version. Always fun!"
,Recommended,254700,33668293,Posted: 20 July,all,Arrite,"In the 4th installment of ResidiseR vs. livE TwT Evil, Leon Kennedy is sent by the unnamed president of the United States (presumably the guy from Metal Wolf Chaos) to capture some Howitzer ammunition or something. Upon socially interacting with the various individuals there who don't speak a word of English, he kills about 500 of them in their farm homes. One of them who can speak fine English finally shows up, but really loves his pre-1900 german pistol too much. Through Leon's various attempts to extract information from this individual if he saw any warheads for a Flak cannon, the man informs him that it was actually just a nickname for the president's daughter. Ashley '88mm' Howitzer is then found, rescued, and they get away in the end. That is, until Leon promptly denies the offer to engage in ""overtime"", rumor has it that he acually insulted her with the smuggest grin you have ever seen.The game's fun, may have performance issues on some computers, and this really rare bug that nobody ever talks about where the game runs at sub-1FPS when you reach crucual moments involving those invisible bug things."
,Recommended,254700,33758146,Posted: 23 July,all,PepePollo99,Awesome game
,Recommended,254700,25069242,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Moe Lester,Best game EVERRRRRRREverything is perfect!11/10but one problem is I can't lower the game volume
76561198121072811,Recommended,254700,32705101,Posted: 23 June,all,in4m_toxic,my game did not work properly why is that well it happan to the others one that I have bot I pay money to play this game why it is not wrking correctly hello some please help me.
,Recommended,254700,33471954,Posted: 11 July,all,Green Arrow,My favorite game <3
76561198094103494,Recommended,254700,33623794,Posted: 17 July,all,nogood,"damn good game, if only resident evil 5 let you change to just laser instead of the giant crosshairs like this game"
76561198274000822,Recommended,254700,34540344,Posted: 27 August,all,Hdog,"Both Leon and Ashley are interesting characters, and I enjoy the jokes that Leon makes. Escorting Ashley feels almost like babysitting. I generally don't enjoy escort missions in games, but Ashley needs you to catch her when jumping from a high places when she is standing right next to a ladder. She is completely usesless. The game relies way to much on quick time events. The rocket launcher should not be a purchaseable item because many bosses can be killed just by using it in the beginning. The red dot sight was a fun feature that should be in all Resident Evil games. Overall it is a good Resident Evil game."
76561198093422838,Recommended,254700,34366599,Posted: 19 August,all,TriggeredTendie,"Leon, HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,254700,34371022,Posted: 20 August,all,The Knightwalker,"Finally got around to playing this after people have hyped it to death calling it one of the all time greats or sometimes even THE greatest of all time. I don't agree with those people but this game is definitely a MUST play. It is an excellent experience that you need to give a try. You might be turned off by the controls at first and think they are just bad, but trust me it's like that on purpose and for good reason."
76561198289114109,Recommended,254700,34365064,Posted: 19 August,all,nikflorence,10/10 Purchased this game across 6 different platforms in my life. Just made it number 7
76561198338963067,Recommended,254700,34356430,Posted: 19 August,all,FernParkMark,"There's nothing bad about this game. Period.First time players must turn the lights out and volume high and break every box and barrel you see!Repeat players, have fun beating Mercenaries again so you can get that Hand Cannon... Good Luck because its the hardest part in the game.If you're hoping for upgraded graphics and textures, you may be disappointed because it hasn't changed at all from the xbox360/PS3 HD Remake. Still looks great considering it was the BEST looking gamecube game ever made. Now just cleaner and slightly more polished.10/10"
,Recommended,254700,34363247,Posted: 19 August,all,FirePower,Masterpiece.
76561198091127244,Recommended,254700,34408396,Posted: 21 August,all,Arch_Vile90,This is the best Resident Evil game and it's on Steam what are you doing reading reviews get this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198212624547,Recommended,254700,34417578,Posted: 22 August,all,:::::Chetan:::::::,very good game first played on ps2 still remember i was playing till morning 5 am hahah good game
,Recommended,254700,34390654,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr.Brightside,worth every penny of it <3
,Recommended,254700,34414054,Posted: 22 August,all,♪乇c♄o▂ ▃ ▅ ▆ ▇,"One of the best resident evil games out there,Enjoyed the long story of the game because games these days are too short and easy to do10/10 would kill all the crows until running out of ammo"
76561198125159207,Recommended,254700,34434989,Posted: 23 August,all,monster under the bed,Resident Evil 4 where bad controls are a feature.
76561198394180404,Recommended,254700,33789088,Posted: 25 July,all,Mercury_FE,great game
76561198262872208,Recommended,254700,34424652,Posted: 22 August,all,spaghetti treats,"One of the best games I have playedAfter playing the dissapointment of a horror game that was dead space I needed a good ol' adventure and survival horror game. Re4 was only 5$ and I had only heard good things about it from people. So i got it, and I don't regret my purchase at all. While the townsfolk hunting you down aren't paticularly scary it's the number of how many face you. The feel is so perfect as they keep piling in on you as you use your last bullets and try to push down ladders and many other objects just to get to the other part of the level. The bosses are great and so far I have faced the first 2 which were both hard and fun to face. I haven't got that many tech issues either. This is just an awesome game where the townsfolk themselves aren't scary, but the sheer numbers of them and their dedication in killing you. A very good resident evil game, which is impressive since I played re7 on xbox one and expcected no other re to match up to it since it was my first re. I was really impressed in re4 and love the game overall."
,Recommended,254700,34415120,Posted: 22 August,all,Deadpool,"Let me first say, RE4 is my first Resident Evil/Biohazard game ive played other than trying out RE7 and RE1 for less tha  30 minutes years ago. Bought the game and did not regret it. The shooting is phenominal. The story, cheesy at times and relies alot on the damsel in distress cliche (Goddamnit Ashley) was rather enjoyable. Kept me entertained the whole way through. Great Bossfights. Also the Ada Expansion (Seperate ways) as much as it gives more insight to the story of this game, it wasnt as enjoyable as the main game itself, however it should be played through after your main playthrough of the core game. Mercenaries mode just screams REplayability. Game last about 10-12 hours however this is one of the very few games that made me want to replay the core game immediately after the end credits."
76561198089269931,Recommended,254700,34449369,Posted: 23 August,all,Até a ultima ponta!,"O jogo é bom... recomendo jogar com joystick, no teclado + mouse os controles de camera são horriveis."
76561198312619789,Recommended,254700,33823041,Posted: 26 July,all,Dark Magician Girl,"God this was a hit in the nostalgia. I was four when this game came out, and 8 when I actually got to play it on my trusty old PS2. This made the game more scary and intense, and I kind of want to experience this again, but then you remember how frustrating escorting Ashley around can be. Not that I hate that rewarding feeling but it still detracts from the mood. Also Resident Evil dialog is still present, although heavily toned down.Now the level formats are one of my favorite parts of the game. Being that I was pretty young back then I was surprised how the wonderfully crafted areas left such an impression that I remembered a good majority of this absolute master piece. When you couple this with all the secrets and weapons, mobs, and the dreaded backtracking (actually enjoy it), it truly shows as to why this game is so well loved.My main complaint, being the only thing that truly bothers me, is the odd mapping choice for the more in-depth functions, like how you use delete to rotate items. But other wise, good port. This leaves me to recommend this game on steam at a solid 9/10."
76561198025970578,Recommended,254700,9714036,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,lol RYan,ya it's alright. play with controller
,Recommended,254700,34338375,Posted: 18 August,all,< V >,"A classic game from my childhood, loved it all the way.Not a long story.This game has weird glitches, for an example, fps ""slow motion"" thing, change it in the config.txt file to 0.£3.74: Too cheap to be true to be honest, you can buy 3 packs of maryland cookies, 2 litre bottle of Tango & an 8 pack of salty walkers, buy it all the way.You can get two tacos from Taco Bell & a soda. Amazing price for an amazing game & food."
76561198027252085,Recommended,254700,34340865,Posted: 18 August,all,We Do Not Sew,"I'll buy it another 9 times and be happy with every purchase (this is my 4th time buying it). 10/10 game. If somehow you haven't played it, just do yourself a favor and get it. Also, great port!"
,Recommended,254700,34458654,Posted: 24 August,all,Bear,gud
,Recommended,254700,34463268,Posted: 24 August,all,DJ STR3TCH,"Oh the nostalgia, I remember playing this as a kid 10/10 💀Dont forget to bring tons of ammo🔫 and herbs💉"
,Recommended,254700,25821439,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,W4YNEWHITE,"Resident Evil 4.RE4 is just awesome. Period. If you have never played this game, shame on you. Get it. Play it. Love it. RE4 is on my top 10 list of best games of all time.10/10."
76561197966385727,Recommended,254700,34613858,Posted: 30 August,all,Evilnapkin,"I hadn't played this game since the Gamecube version came out.  It's still a masterpiece, though it took me a little while to get used to mouse and keyboard controls.  I could've gone controller which would feel more natural given that's my history with these games, but mouse is just too superior for shooting games to give up.I wish they had redone the textures like they did for the REmake remaster on PC, though the good news is there is a community mod that has 2/3 of the game done like that as is (re4hd.com).  They did remaster the audio and even the cutscenes, at least for the main story mode.  Seperate Ways is the original low-res video, I haven't played Assignment Ada yet but I have to assume it's the same there.Gets pretty hard in some areas, even for mouse and keyboard.  I was amazed that I ever managed to beat this with a controller back in the day - which I did, many, many times - just because of how quick and precise you had to be with aiming, swapping weapons, keeping an eye on Ashley, etc.And as for Ashley - I didn't understand the complaints about her when it was a fresh argument, and I don't understand it now that I see it got revived with this HD remaster release.  I had her get carried away once and that's because I was stupid (as soon as I entered the Castle, I left her at the entrance in the first big Zealot room, and she got grabbed by enemies that spawned back there and the getaway was two steps away), and I had her die once because I was stupid (I shot through her to headshot a zombie because I forgot she took damage from Leon, so she died there but I never made that mistake again).  Aside from that, I had no issues with her.  She's used for one of the coolest elements of the game (where you take control of her for a sub-chapter for an old-school Resident Evil styled section), so I don't see how anyone can really complain.Since this is the Ultimate HD Edition, you get the base game, and when you beat that you unlock three modes: Seperate Ways which is a 5ish hour long campaign where you play as Ada, Assignment Ada is a 30ish minute campaign where you play as Ada, and you also unlock The Mercenaries, which is basically a Horde mode, except Resident Evil was doing it before Horde mode became a thing (first doing it with Resident Evil 3: Nemesis - why isn't that, 2 and CVX on Steam yet???), so you get to see how this mode inspired a practical staple in most shooters these days.This game is just great, unfortunately there isn't anything else like it to recommend.  The closest thing is Evil Within - the spiritual successor to Resident Evil 4 - but I played it shortly before playing this, and it's an entirely different game.  I don't want this game to ever have anything change but better resolutions, improved textures for those resolutions, and increasingly clean audio.  The way it plays is absolutely perfect for how this game was designed, it's a masterpiece, and one of the great things about games is that you can take masterpieces and make them even better without doing any damage to the source.  What other art can you do this with?  Sure, Capcom could've done more here, but this is a few steps beyond simple preservation, it still feels great even in 2017, and I'm definitely going to play this again in the near future."
,Recommended,254700,34630884,Posted: 31 August,all,Dorian,"This was the last 'great' RE game IMO. It diverges plenty from the previous 3 versions, but these are mostly welcome.If you loved the first 3 games but felt their control system was too clunky - buy this right now.A brilliant must play game. 9/10"
76561198103709433,Recommended,254700,34624294,Posted: 30 August,all,DefaultFace,yerrr
76561198098316926,Not Recommended,254700,34725510,Posted: 3 September,all,NoArmsSally,"Game needs to be updated for Windows 10, as it crashes continuously. Cannot get throught ten minutes of gameplay without it crashing, and having to relaunch the game."
76561198034351325,Recommended,254700,34757066,Posted: 5 September,all,jedavi01,Fun to play even if you did learn to shoot from the Storm Trooper School of Marksmanship  :-B lol.9/10
76561198357078315,Recommended,254700,34655914,Posted: 1 September,all,vittorioG88,"Great game and beautiful story, little bugs but run good on my pc..."
,Recommended,254700,34531426,Posted: 27 August,all,Moribund,A Masterpiece
76561198345419718,Recommended,254700,34693675,Posted: 2 September,all,jNV,Best RE.
76561198077914319,Recommended,254700,34715441,Posted: 3 September,all,WantedEye,"Father, forgive me for I have sinned.I did not play Resident Evil 4 until August 2017. A cardinal sin I know, but before you sharpen your pitchforks and light your torches, it has rocketed into my top 5 games of all time. I was uncertain as to how to approach it, as I didn't want to hype it up too much in my own head. However, I am overjoyed to say that it was the fantastically enjoyable experience that so many others have reported.It starts off as almost a self-aware B horror movie, a theme which runs for the entire game. It almost feeds from this for plot elements which seem almost familiar, but which are laid out in an entertaining and engaging story. It is well paced, starting slow, and then building quite literally up to an explosive climax.The level design is superb, with many different environments being explored - the castle level being a particular favourite. At the time the inventory system was innovative and it still shines to this day, from which other games could earn a lot.There is also great replayability, with additional levels and stories to play, an arcade style minigame and many unlockables to enjoy.Most of the readers will be familiar with the above and if you haven't played the HD edition I would thoroughly reccomend it. For those rarer breeds who are new to the game such as myself, dont hesitate. Play it now!"
,Recommended,254700,34781284,Posted: 6 September,all,Yume,"Best game of the franchise in my opinion, this is the kind of game that you will play for the rest of your life, maybe you take a break after spending some hours playing it, but the desire of playing it will soon arrives again. thank u capcom for this incredible game."
76561198037416878,Recommended,254700,34764456,Posted: 5 September,all,ytho,Great game. Remastered version looks better than Resident Evil 6
,Recommended,254700,34668786,Posted: 1 September,all,Agent Ash,"One of the best RE games, one of the best third person shooter games. Now with proper mouse support and in glorious HD. The only gripe I have is that in Ada's campaign Separate Ways the cutscenes are still crappy low-res pre-rendered videos, while in the main campaign they're all properly rendered. Very weird, considering that some of the cutscenes between those are identical.Also, it's the most fun I've had with aiminig with Steam Controller's gyro."
76561198245627658,Recommended,254700,18476975,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,veknor,very good game
76561198127986750,Recommended,254700,34736079,Posted: 4 September,all,Serena,der beste Teil des Resident Evil!!!
76561198062527751,Recommended,254700,18215471,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,jazzyroam,Full of Actions. Minion & Boss Fight is Wit Challenging
76561198260694682,Recommended,254700,33417760,Posted: 9 July,all,ＢＡＣＯＮ,A masterpieceMorir es vivir
76561198272380420,Recommended,254700,25876144,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jonathan Tronstar,"I need a tee shirt that says ""Saddler, YOU'RE small time!"", anyone got any ideas?"
,Recommended,254700,35162911,Posted: 23 September,all,is roy really our boy tho,leon and isaac clarke should do kickboxing
76561198086901183,Recommended,254700,35209846,Posted: 25 September,all,AcridObject,This game is too good. Ive played through it 9 times now over the years between Xbox and PC and it hasnt gotten old once. Probably the best resident evil in my opinion.
,Recommended,254700,35219372,Posted: 26 September,all,TheOreoHeist | cg_fov 90,nostalgia yoo remember the ps2 days?--I make make an actual review for this game.
76561198307839504,Recommended,254700,35252005,Posted: 27 September,all,wdyt,"I got all of the achievements and the Handcannon in about 20 hours (that's a long time imo), but I've also played several versions of this game. It may take a newcomer 20 hours just to finish a single playthrough on Normal. There's definitely some value here.It's my first time seeing it in 60fps, and it was wonderful.This is Resident Evil 4. It's the same terrific game it always was, and isn't overhyped imo, although I do think the number of ports for the game are excessive.The combat is uniformly excellent. You can't move and shoot, and the game is built around it. Enemies slow to a walk when they're a certain distance from you (unless they're special enemies), which gives you plenty of time to place your character and line up your shot.The game pioneered a camera and control scheme that was only seen again in God Hand, a combination of tank controls and an 'over-the-shoulder' perspective. You'll always be able to see what you're doing. This is a scheme that I wish was still relevant as I hate adjusting the camera in the middle of games.I think some of the puzzles are throwaway since the game switched from its Metroid-y adventure roots to a linear game. I also don't really care for babysitting Ashley. You can put her in a dumpster in some rooms, but I'd still prefer her to not be there.This game's a strong 9/10 for me. If you've never played it before (as unlikely as that is), you've no excuse but to pick this up. If you have played one of the countless other versions of the game, I'd understand wanting to pass."
76561198397500401,Recommended,254700,35263907,Posted: 28 September,all,italicmaze,A truly amazing game with a balance of horror and action.
76561198068480379,Recommended,254700,35228274,Posted: 26 September,all,Saladin,"The game is overall very well designed and the player can really tell how much effort the developers put into it.Although somewhat slow and a little stiff to control, the combat is a lot of fun, especially if you get used to it and figure out the different weaknesses of specific enemies (melee takedowns, staggers, etc).There is a pretty wide range of enemies, all with their respective weaknesses and strenghts, which makes every chapter of the game a different experience.The world is beautifully crafted, and in combination with the great sounds makes for an atmospheric, eerie adventure, especially if the HD textures are selected. Another huge plus are the many ways the player can interact with the world, whether they are looking for hidden items or ways to defeat/slow down the zombie menace.However, one of the game's greatest strenghts is definitely it's range of weapons. The gunplay is great, weapons feel responsive and realistic, enemies react to being shot according to the weapon used, and good aim and reflexes are well rewarded. There is a wide range of weapon types which almost all offer several different weapon models (for example, I have used 3 different pistols so far). Each weapon feels unique, due to every weapon having different base stats and a unique design. Also, some weapons have attachable extras, such as a scope or a stock. All weapons can be upgraded and purchased from the merchant, which makes looking for money and treasures really rewarding and important.Quick time events and puzzles give the player a change of pace to ensure gameplay doesn't feel repetitive, exploration is rewarded in multiple ways and the inventory managment is implemented in a creative, fun way.Although the game isn't perfect, as there are minor flaws such as the inability to hotkey weapons and items or some misleading enemy animations (that make the player think he could melee altough he can't), resident evil 4 is an amazingly well done blend of horror, survival and action, and is definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,254700,22093704,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Scythe,"Pros:- Hilarious campy storyline and dialogue.- Creepy sound design and atmosphere.- Viscerally satisfying graphics.- Enemy design.- Reinvented RE franchise with a lot of good ideas and execution.- Solid aiming controls and mouse support.- Attention to detail.Cons:- Ashley is a pain sometimes.- QTEs.  (Failing QTEs has some fun deaths, though)- Movement controls aren't exactly fluid...  but if dodging was easy then the difficulty would be trivial.- Inventory management system was an interesting new idea but it gets old."
,Not Recommended,254700,34787863,Posted: 6 September,all,greenlotad,"I don’t think this game has aged well. The story and atmosphere just aren’t engaging, the controls are downright bad, and the QTEs are unbearable. I wish I understood what everyone loves about this game but I don’t. Did not enjoy much of the time I spent."
76561198149029025,Recommended,254700,35187991,Posted: 24 September,all,Clit YeastWood,my opinion the best resident evil i've ever played. and i highly recommend it to anybody who like these types of games.
,Recommended,254700,35231097,Posted: 26 September,all,AustrAlien2010,"GAME PLAYYou search for items, solve puzzles, and unlock (mostly) linear paths. You can sell items, buy new ones, or upgrade what you have. To win, you must complete the story. You´re also required to protect someone, at some point.A controller is recommended. Movement is digital, aiming is analogue, and enemies react in response to shooting at their different hit-zones.LOREIt's a fictional story, taking place in imaginary Europe. Although the fourth in the series, most characters are properly introduced. The story is told as you move forward. It's main protagonist, Leon S. Kennedy, is part of an anti bio terrorism organization. When he arrives at a Spanish village, a horror unfolds.SKILLItem management is important, as there are combinations of gear you can carry, because of it's trade system. Knowing which items when to pack or upgrade, is beneficial.Multiple difficulty levels, random item placement and enemy behavior; all add replay value."
,Recommended,254700,35512393,Posted: 6 October,all,Ferguson 553,"Great resident evil game, you are the hero that has to save a girl from zombies while you yourself could use saving from the same zombies"
