user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,254960,7499284,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Anemeros,"This game is awesome. If you love squad-based action/strategy games as much as I do, you will undoubtedly agree. The character progression is great, the loot is bountiful and the gameplay is addictive. But what makes my heart skip a beat is the combination of believable physics with highly destructible levels... Enemies in the next room? Empty that machine gun into the door and catch them off guard. Goons in the basement? Detonate a charge and bring the floor/ceiling down on their head. Pesky fiend hiding in the library? Have your skilled sniper fire a high-caliber round through two walls and a bookcase and right between the ribs... Take all that, set it in an increasingly fantastical version of WW2 (mechs, anyone?) and you have a recipe for good times. If the visuals and presentation were better, even a little bit, this would be fighting for a spot in my 'top 10 favorite games of all time' list."
76561197996051698,Recommended,254960,14135603,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"THE BEST GAME I'VE PLAYED THAT FEW PEOPLE KNOW ABOUTHere's the short version or the TL;DR version.Silent Storm is an amazing Turn Based Strategy RPG that has the most depth of any game i've played in its genre. It has hundreds of authentic and detailed WW2 weapons and equipment, challenging gameplay, attention to detail, fully destructable buildings and cover that realistically break apart and degrade, simple to learn combat system that is the deepest i've seen in this genre, very good RPG systems with Skills and ""Perk"" style rewards for leveling up with branching trees, 6 different classes each with specific perks and play styles, open ended missions set on levels similar in style to X-COM or Jagged Alliance, excellent inventory system, a choose and build your own squad mechanic with perma death to all squad mates and just an all around charm that lasts through almost the entire experience of both games. I probably forgot to list a few more awesome things, but there are some not so good things too. The Voice acting is rather poor and bland, the game can be fairly difficult to get accustomed to, the story is predictable and dull, the Stealth System never seemed to work very well and toward the end of the game your squad becomes overpowered due to the introduction of some fictional weapons and technology that detracts from the otherwise extremely challenging and detailed WW2 setting.FULL REVIEWTHE GOODThis little known game is actually in my top 3 video games of my lifetime so far. I picked it up used (back when used PC games were sold in stores) at a Gamestop by chance. I saw it, by chance, on the shelf and saw the WW2 theme and all the different guns and cool stuff on the box and i decided to give it a chance. Little did I know..... It would become one of my all time favorite video games and my number 2 series that i desperately want to see get a true sequel. Since i bought it, which was back in 2003 or so, i've never met anyone else who had ever played it and when i saw it on Greenlight, I wanted so badly to see it get onto Steam because of how amazing a Turn-based Strategy RPG it is. It never got any real recognition nor any major awards, which was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to me (Journalists only give a real ♥♥♥♥ about games from Big names, like always and forever), but its honestly a ♥♥♥♥ing excellent game.THE COMBAT SYSTEMIts more or less a hybrid of X-COM and Jagged Alliance. It has Turn-Based combat, which displays percentages on your chances to land a hit or sucessfully throw a grenade accurately. Theres some randomness to the game, sometimes a stray bullet will ricochet and strike an ally, enemy or barrell and cause some damage. Environments are completely destructable. This was the 1st game that had true destructable terrain and cover that mattered in game. It was years ahead in destructible buildings and made on a much smaller budget. The combat, for a turn-based game, is the most in depth of any turn-based strategy games i've played. Its a bit convoluted, but it does a great job of conveying information on any given action. In combat you can literally go anyway you want. You get 6 soldiers, send 1 soldier to a high window to be a sharpshooter, send 2 around the building on a flanking manuever, keep 3 together to flush out enemies and get their position. Once you see them, you can kill them anyway you want. Sniper shot to a specific body part, grenade in the window the nazis are standing at, spray an SMG or heavy machine gun and hope some of the bullets penetrate the wall or blow open a hole to get through to them or you can go balls out and fire a bazooka round at the window, blowing a gaping hole into the building and destroying the floor, wall and any furniture in the area.THE WEAPONS AND WEAPON SYSTEMThe other awesome part, that i love the most, this game has A METRIC ♥♥♥♥ TON of different weapons. Each with specific stats and all of them are realistic and accurately modeled to their real life counterparts with authentic names. Near the end of the campaign you'll start to fight and comandeer Panzerkleins which do use some fictional weapons, but the rest are historically accurate which always made me giddy. I love WW2 era weapons, and this game has them on lockdown. Not only guns, theres dozens of different grenades, medical items, ammo types, engineering tools and landmines that are all historically accurate too and add some extra depth to your combat abilities and options. They even went as far as to have a ""Weapon Familiarity"" system, where if your character uses the same weapon for a long time, he becomes more skilled with it. A nice touch.THE RPG SYSTEMNext to talk about, the RPG leveling and skill progression. You make your main character at the start of the game. After the 1st mission or 2 you then get to choose from a list of soldiers with specific personalities, backgrounds and classes. Theres 6 classes, Sniper, Medic, Soldier, Scout, Grenadier or Engineer. They all start with the class skills at a higher level and develop them as they use those skills. Kill some enemies, your combat skills improve. Patch up a squad mate, your Medic skills improve. As they improve, you can use better items. Theres something like 12 or 14 skills in total and each level allows you to unlock a choice of 3 or 4 different ""Perks"" on a level tree. Each class has unique perks, though some of them are shared. By the end of the game your characters could be a legendary marksman, an expert medic who can use any medical item and good with a rifle, or a grenadier whos as accurate with a Grenade as an NFL Quarterback with a football.THE OTHER COOL STUFFCharacter models themselves are extremely detailed in the equipment they carry. If you put some German M-24 Stick Grenades into a characters inventory he will have the grenades hanging from his belt or his chest slings. Knifes, pistols, ammunition all show up and have unique models for what types of ammo they carry. The inventory system itself is similar to Resident Evil 4 or Deus Ex Human Revolution in that it kinda becomes a minigame trying to cram as much equipment in as possible. After you gear up you use a map screen that you travel over to get to a mission. Random encounters can pop up on the map and you can choose to attack random enemies. Theres about 20ish missions, some take a long time to complete, some are short but thats not including random encounters.THE NOT SO GOODROUGH AROUND THE EDGESCan't have the good without the bad. The problems i've had with the game, and i've played both games about 6 or 7 times a piece, were the AI, the Stealth System, the Voice Acting, the Panzerkleins and the Story. AI can be braindead, but it they're still punishingly difficult. Voice acting is very low budget. Panzerkleins make you overpowered at the end of the game and the Stealth system never seemed exactly as it should, though it still functions somewhat.IN SUMMARYI'm out of characters to use, so in summary, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and its positives far, far outweigh its negatives. For $10, its damn worth trying and its extremely replayable. I tried to mention all the awesome mechanics and details but I know i missed or had to leave out a few. Get it for yourself, it never got the attention it deserved. It was a WW2 X-Com/JA Hybrid that was built on the perfect engine for this genre. Its in my top 3 games, its up there with Metal Gear Solid 3 for me and thats saying a lot for a budget game that was $40 brand new in 2003. TRY THIS GAME!!!And if you like it, please spread the word of this gem :)"
76561198067372342,Recommended,254960,12456197,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TheD3rp,"How you lose a normal TBS game:The enemy slowly picks off your squad because they are way too powerful for you to take on.How you lose Silent Storm:You take a shot, it misses and goes through the floor hitting an explosive barrel. The resulting chain reaction destroys 75% of the house and kills all of your squad except the guy who took the shot. He is then blown out of a second story window by a guy with a machine gun.10/10 would become flat like beaver again."
,Recommended,254960,18709950,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"I've been playing a lot of turn-based squad tactics wargames in my life, every now and then. And of whole this genre (or sub-genre) I place Silent Storm in the top 5 of them all. Even after 12 years, with out-dated graphics (which is still looks quite decent, though), with some flaws in the late progress in the game (yeah, I guess you've already heard of Panzerkleins) - still it is a masterpiece.Why I praise this game so high? There are several reasons:1) game's mechanics at first seems quite similar to Jagged Alliance. And that's not a flaw, because JA2 was one of the major swallowers of my time in the early 00's, compared only with Civilization 3 and TES Morrowind... More to it, Silent Storm is not trying to wear JA shoes, it walks its own path, and somewhat similar technical solutions only helps to get familiar with the game.2) Game's setting puts us in the perils of WW2, but, despite the fact it was created by Russians (maybe because of it), it lacks many of typical unnatural cliche, WW2 games usually so full of. I can't say that a gameplot is a ""War and Peace"" in a new cover, but it is certainly a result of good thought. It is clever all the way through, it is not using dehumanization, so common in the late media (you know, ""good guys - bad guys"" pattern). Everybody are players in the plot, which makes it sound like a good spy story, with unexpected trivials and rivals along the way. And all of that still plays like Jagged Alliance! You get it now? Nival created a very distinct game, but was clever enough not to distress people with new gamedesign decisions. So it has a very comforting start, and then the tide catches you, and you swim into completely another world of alternative history, where Nazis was not a menace, but just one of parts of the long-going power struggle, with their own hopes to better future... I don't making excuses for Nazis doings in the WW2, mind it! Many of my relatives died because of them, and I hold that score with me. But then again. Axis warmachine was very far of those mindless Ubersoldiers from Castle Wolfenstein, and it is good that at least somewhere soldiers of Axis block shown as they were.Oh, well, I'm skidded away a bit, talking about game's topic. Let's just say, game gives a very thorough dive into the WW2 reality... and then adding some spice with technologies-never-existed. Most of the players like the game more without that spicy part, but hey! All other stuff is great without any doubts!3) And of all of the great stuff in that game, one of the most exciting features is the level of destruction you can add to anything around you. By that parameter, Silent Storm stands proudly above all other tactical games up to this moment! Battlefield Bad Company 2? Mercenaries 2? There are so little games where you can level literally everything to the pebble and dustl! But in the Silent Storm it is not only fun to do. You actually training your characters skills with every shot and explosives usage! So please, don't hold yourself! Shoot through walls and ceilings, blow everything apart! Become the weapon of mass destruction! Groovy!Okay, let's finish all that praising: game has some minor flaws, but they are very little comparing to the amount of fun that game can bring to you. And it is on sale now! Go for it, right away!Mark 9.1/10"
,Recommended,254960,9202850,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Veevee,"In the house across the street there are several Nazi's bunkered down and need to be eliminated.  Do you:A) Set up heavy machine gun fire and unload into the house until it's a smoldering pile of rubble?B) Hide in the shadows and plant explosives on key structural supports and bring the building down on the Nazi's?C) Blow a hole in the wall with your bazooka and rush the Nazi's from behind?D) Kick in the door and take them from the front like the badass you are?If you answered E, ""why can't I do all of those things?"", well you're in luck because with Silent Storm you can!  But wait, there's more!  he ways to complete your mission are only bounded by your imagination in this Nazi killing simulator."
,Recommended,254960,932601,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,Silent Storm is my favoite PC game.    It is simply a treasure. Do you like Xcom? pick it up. Do you like DoW? Pick it up. Do you enjoy having fun? Pick this one up.
,Recommended,254960,7839407,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jusunor,"Besides decent overall game mechanics, there are also some things that make Silent Storm particularly cool.I have never seen so well implemented environmental damage in any game, it beats all the modern strategy games and even the original X-COM (1994). It is just beautiful to see how building can partially (or entirelly) collapse depending on how many holes you have shot or blown up to its walls. That is not all however, as also the objects (your cover besides buildings) get damaged and in the end destroyed. It is an awesome feeling when after an intese firefight you look at the map and see how a peaceful English town or a industrial complex got turned into a ruined ghost town. These well modelled mechanics aren't of course just graphical (although they do look great for a game this old), but they play an important role regardless of what tactics you use.Another thing is the original story, for Silent Storm isn't just another WW2 game that we have seen so many already. It becomes quite clear at the moment when futuristic laser weapons and power armors enter the stage.Besides those two, there are these other basic features bringing depth to these games, like managing your team members, equipment, gaining experience, varying challenging tactical situations and such. Silent Storm is a well done game with interesting mechanics and other innovations.If I had to address some of the biggest issues, they would propably be stability and voice acting. I did experience a few crashes, but they really weren't anything I couldn't cope with, thanks to autosaving even if I did forget to save often enough. The voice acting on the other hand is something between hilariusly bad and making you want to cry, but anyone who doesn't know what eg. Finnish should sound like is propably spared from the worst parts. All in all, we are not really talking about any game breaking issues.Silent Storm is one of my favourite squad-based strategy games among Jagged Alliance 2 and X-COM series. If you are into these kind of games, I really do recommend trying Silent Storm."
,Recommended,254960,7763118,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kschang77,"Silent Storm is one of those games that you wish they'd remake for modern PC... Take a special squad composed of sniper, soldier, grenadier, engineer, scout, and medic, and take them on different missions with or without allied help, as they use WW2 weapons to take out enemies, capture vital intelligence, and discover a threat to the world that perhaps, trumps the fight agains the mortal enemies... You can play as either the Axis or the Allies (slightly different missions and character choices). This is turn-based tactical combat done right (not that X-COM is wrong, but this game, with destructible environments (try the grenades, explosives, and rockets) and ragdoll physics gives very visceral and satisfying combat (complete with blood spatters on the walls) that somehow XCOM seem to lack.The main complaint is the game turned a bit too sci-fi later and that's very annoying, and the end fight is also extremely annoying. Still, enjoy the experience."
76561198042260466,Recommended,254960,14788248,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ddawg,"If you played Jagged Alliance but didn't like the overview map mechanics, micro-management, or realism, then this game is for you. It doesn't have an overhead map, but it adds a lot to JA's combat. Also it's way more silly. You can blow a hole through a wall with a machinegun.This game is like JA's goofy nephew."
76561198045160555,Recommended,254960,16128385,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lizardheart,"Silent Storm itself is a great game as was said many times in the comments section. It feels like an Xcom game but without the need for knowing what to research into and all that; it just puts you straight into the action. The destructive environment mechanics work absolute wonders in the game and, in my opinion, has never been properly done in another tactical strategy game like it. There isn't really enough time in the world for me to talk about why the game is amazing.However amazing it may be, it isn't without faults. Its voice acting is pretty obviously bad (though they did improve it a bit in Silent Storm: Sentinels... which is probably the only good part about that game), the graphics did not age well at all and, one thing I never see mentioned is just how badly Panzerkleins ruin the game. It's a nice idea but it really, really takes away from the tactical aspect of the game; Panzerkleins, in my opinion, aren't fun to use, fight or just anything at all, really. While in the sequel, they do include a stat called ""Penetration"" to compensate for Panzerkleins, even then, they just seem like extremely cheesy units, especially when used by the player, who is essentially unkillable in one due to the AI not knowing what to do against a Panzerklein. It just really muddled the experience for me in an otherwise exceptional tactical strategy game.As for the sequel, I do not recommend it... at all. It does try to be a successor to Silent Storm but the content that carried over feels more lazily thrown together than anything so it just sort of ends up being much more bland than the original with a plotline that really doesn't make even the slightest bit of sense (it picks up after WW2, i.e., the first game, and carries on the plot of a secret organization looking to rule the world, yadda yadda, you've seen that coming a mile away anyway and then manages to become even more generic in the sequel, including that you start the game as some random person who was kidnapped for reasons the game doesn't explain and brought into a supposed secretive special forces who just take you in after your escape because... reasons.) and, worst of all to me, has almost no destructible environments at all! That's what really made the first game unique to me was just how you can be creative with how you engaged the enemy but most of SS:S just takes place in either indestructible corridors (yes, including an obligatory sewer level) or pointless destructible maps, such as a mission that is supposed to be conducted in stealth but is one of the few maps that has destructibility in it. Lastly, they added a currency system that just proves why currency should not be a thing in a tactical strategy game with RPG elements since it ultimately just turns the game into farming ""Random Encounters"" that aren't at all random.Long story short, I highly recommend the 1st game to anyone who enjoys xcom-like strategy games but do be wary as eventually it does take a turn for the worse once Panzerkleins are introduced and, unless you really and I mean, REALLY like Silent Storm, don't waste your time on SS:Sentinels."
,Recommended,254960,14999880,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ren'Atus,"What may happen while you play this game:(Axis campaign)-Sniper: ""Can you throw grenade over wall?""-Greanadier: ""Do not worry, I expert throwing granaten""-Medic: ""This may not be best idea...""-Grenadier: ""I healthy like horse tiny wall will not stop me""*Throws grenade**Grenade almost makes it to the other side but bumps on the wall and falls ate the center of the squad**Kaboom!!!**Everyone is hurt and/or bleeding and the medic dies*-Grenadier: ""I am young, I have much to learn""You don`t get to experience this with other games and still fell good about it.10/10"
76561198018733768,Recommended,254960,19084943,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kaiser Sousse,"For any of you that remember the boardgame 'Ambush!' (by Victory Games) or the PC title 'Soldiers at War' (by SSI), this game will probably seem familiar to you.  It's a full 3D, turn-based, World War II tactical combat game where you control individual members of your squad in special ops missions.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Pros:* The AI (while not fantastic) is pretty good - or at least seems pretty good - definitely going to give you a better run for your money than most games* Everything is destructible – walls, doors, chests, windows, and even trees and floors!  It's a game like no other* It's very addicting.  I have over 200 hours playing it and have still not come close to being bored with ANY part of the game yet* Game physics are amazing - easily beats out some triple-A games with how well they're implemented - nothing beats killing an enemy a level above you by blowing up the floor below him* The array of weapons and ammunition types are awesome (most completely accurate, given the genre)* The music is not bad... it'll either get on your nerves or grow on you - or both ;)- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Cons: (in paragraph form with explanations)Most complain about the dated graphics, but while I love the jazzy newer games like Diablo III, I found the visuals in Silent Storm (or S2) to be quite functional... even sort of impressive.The voice acting sucks, but the cheesy quips the soldiers (both friendly and enemy) say are so funny, you wind up almost liking it better that way.The missions are all based on this clandestine what-if slant on World War II (such as fully uniformed Germans operating with near impunity all throghout Britain, or Axis commandos striking targets they never even dreamed of having access to in real life).  This (IMHO) is really no issue – just simply pretend everything is happening somewhere in occupied France or something.A really odd game decision made by the developers was to include (later in the game) such things as laser guns, PanzerKlien (near-impenetrable armor that makes soldiers look like space robots), and modern-day-esque weapons.  This has game-altering impact and is the source of many complaints regarding gameplay.  There is however an easily found and installed mod that removes all this wacky stuff from the game entirely (replacing it with better equipped enemy soldiers... which works).- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -All and all, I love this game and HIGHLY reccomend it to anyone who likes turn-based games and World War II tactical combat.  Hell, even people who play games like Jagged Alliance, X-Com or Fallout-Tactics will likely enjoy this as well."
76561198056562162,Recommended,254960,12528881,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FadBandit,"I've only play a little on the steam version of this game but I played the retail version a great bit (100+ hrs).  One of my favorite games.It takes a bit of getting used to and, of course, moves a lot slower than many games today.A few warnings, in S2 the skill leveling is broken, making some of the classes much less useful than they should be.S3 fixed the skill issue.Unfortunately, there doesn't appear to be the mods from teh community on steam.  Some of those added tremendously.It takes some tial and error on some missions as your usual playstyle might not be the best fit.  And in one mission in S3 (the stealth mission) many have thought that it is impossible to meet all the goals. Without spoiling it I'll just say it isn't."
,Recommended,254960,9185533,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Beep_Beep_im_a_Jeep,The perfect game for anyone who likes a challenge and turn-basted strategy.
,Recommended,254960,7294132,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Styke,"A must-have classic, years ahead of it's time with realistic physics that actually impacted gameplay and legitimately difficult gunplay."
,Recommended,254960,486931,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,SenisterDenister,"This is the fifth time I've bought these games since I first found it in an EB Games in 2003. No regrets. Love these games, if you like any kind of turn-based or tactical game get it now. Panzerkleins get a little goofy and to some people it ruins the mood but I like them and think it all goes together really well. You should get this game.Right now. Stop reading this and throw money at the screen until Silent Storm shows up in your library.GOTYAY/10 would keep playing till the end of days"
,Recommended,254960,29818379,Posted: 9 February,all,A Crazed Gunman,My objective was to retrieve a set of documents located at the attic of a house.Unfortunately the only staircase access to the attic was blown to bits during the firefight.Solution? I ordered my men to demolish the whole house then pick the documents amongst the rubbles10/10 for highly destructible environments
,Recommended,254960,30230723,Posted: 27 February,all,Sturo,"TL;DR- XCOM gameplay set during WW2.First off, the story is lame, voice acting is laughable, and graphics haven't aged well...  Those are the only real downsides. Don't watch the trailer, or look at the screeshots. Their marketing folks are butts full of stinky stupid (like most marketing people.)Silent Storm is a fantastic turn-based shooter from Nival. The game is set in Europe during World War 2, and you are the head of an elite squad of soldiers, tasked with doing important stuff.... blah blah blah. The game's story is pretty bland and forgettable. It doesn't matter. The gameplay is what matters, and that's what excels here. You create ""you,"" pick a class between sniper, soldier, engineer, scout, grenadier, and medic. Almost DnD in some ways. After that and some basic visual options, you are put in the game world, and allowed to pick your team. There you pick 5 more mercenaries from a list of about 25 pre-created characters. I usually opt to pick a character from each class.  Once you do that and some more tutorial stuff, you are given your first mission.The game starts out tough. Your characters aren't elite spec ops ninjas. I find myself yelling at the screen, and save scumming frequently, but you learn to love your rag tag group of mercs in your mission to save Europe (and possibly the world) from its demise.  Luckily, there is a great RPG element implemented for improving your team. Skill trees! Also, the game utilizes a mechanic not found in most modern RPGs. Your characters gain skills in activites they actually perform. If you are constantly sneaking around, you will improve at sneaking. Always healing yourself and others? You will improve your medic skill. You get the picture. It's awesome.Upgrading doesn't stop at skills, but items as well. You can return to your home base and equip your dudes/dudettes with an arsenal of gear. As you progress through missions, your selection gets better. You can also snag items from your missions and bring them back. I like to hoard grenades. JUST IN CASE :)The options for completing missions are virtually endless. You can sneak through the maps and silently take out all enemies. You can dynamite, grenade, and rocket launch the entire map until you are playing in a field. Speaking of which, the environment is fully(ish) destructable. If you suspect an enemy is behind a wall or door, BLOW IT THE F*** UP. I've done it many time to great satisfaction.The game gets a little sci-fi towards the end, which you may think is either cool, or silly. I prefer the latter. To each their own, it doesn't completely detract from the greatness too much.Graphically, the game didn't age terribly well, but there are a few mods out there to fix certain issues like resolution and other graphical stuff. Check them out, and install them under great reccommendation.If I remade this game, I would add the ability to mod weapons, introduce currency and some kind of market, and update the graphics to modern standards. That's about it. It's a great game and deserves a look. Especially if you like games like XCOM."
76561198166615466,Recommended,254960,32668909,Posted: 23 June,all,sartorius500,"I don't often write reviews but, this is one of my favourite games. If you like X-Com type games then this is for you. It reminds me of a game called 'Rebel Star 2' that I got free on a tape that came on the fron of 'Your Sinclair' magazine a looong time ago. I loved that game even though hit would take 10 minutes to load and woulld invariably crash before I could complete it. I've been looking for a turn-based game like this for ages and this one hits the spot.The graphics are nothing special but good enough to play the game without getting distracted. In fact I find it very immersive. There are a few excenticities, but nothing game breaking and I think they add to the charm of the game,"
,Recommended,254960,18282918,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,D.Morok,i really really want to see something like thah game in 2015-16-17.level destuction + variety of weapons + class perks + doable AI + nonlinear story - panzershmanzer = super puper
76561198022548818,Recommended,254960,10011173,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ANC REMEC,"This game is awesome!  A steal when it's on sale.  It plays like the old Jagged Alliance 2, except the buildings in this game are destructible, which adds a new dimension to a fire fight when acetylene tanks are in the background.The voice acting has it's moments in the game, it's intentionally hammed up for laughs.  This alone makes it a worthwhile purchase even at regular price.Just let yourself in with grenades and roll out the red carpet with an MG, anything goes!  And just in case it doesn't remember to save often.  I see myself having many late nights trying to finish a mission with this game."
76561197990223775,Recommended,254960,32842324,Posted: 26 June,all,Sovern - QuickS,"Silent Storm = ChessXCOM = CheckersI actually enjoy the fact that the story is not really in depth. This is a game that caters to the hardcore strategist and it does NOT hold your hand. The layers of strategy and tactics that can be used in this game (and of which are used by your enemy) runs deep and this is a game that will surely challenge you.I recommend this game to those that want a game they can hop into and either play for a few minutes or hours on end and to those that actually want a challenging tactical game.The ability to level up, choose skills, pause in real time, and loot body's is also reminiscant of games like Baldurs Gate but without the long winded story and text reading."
,Recommended,254960,28250509,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Little Baby Man,"literally WW2 XCOM.Enough said, now go buy the game."
,Recommended,254960,10092639,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"My favourite tactics game of all time!Awesome graphic design (I love those HUD icons, they are no worse than in Warcraft 3!).Awesome gameplay (you can destroy literally everything, shoot through walls, make holes in them, explode buildings; also on higher difficulty levels you must carry your fainted companions out of the battlefield).Awesome replayability (this game has random set of story missions every time you play, and mission order is nonlinear; also there are random encounters and special encounters).Awesome atmosphere (story and musics are quite nice, graphics are on the level of modern indie games, except no shaders).Awesome everything else (really, not much cons for this game, a couple of glitches on modern systems and sometimes cheating AI).Oh, and Sentinels add-on makes the game even better and has a new storyline. It also has widescreen, money system and good old companions from the original.10/10P.S. I run this game on Win8 and no major glitches except for the graphical ones, which are not so annoying."
,Recommended,254960,13838754,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kajun,"My favorite turn based strategy game, besides the first two X-Coms."
76561198117315396,Recommended,254960,8286253,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SirCorpse,"Despite this game being almost a decade old (in about 5 days it will be) this game is still amazing. The AI can be downright brutal at times, especially if you don't try and play as Ninja's which a lot of people seem to do. The sheer fact that everything can be brought down to rubble is amazing, don't like how the sniper in that tower is causing problems but can't seem to hit him? Just destroy the tower supports and he will die in the fall. Highly recommend if you enjoy XCOM."
76561198122569990,Recommended,254960,31288453,Posted: 21 April,all,ponux516,Silent Storm: This game is one of the best turn-based shooters I have ever played. I like pretty much everything in the game except for one thing...  Panzerkleins. These things should NOT have been added to the game they're dumb and extremely overpowered and destroy infantry extremely quickly( Which makes ground troops pointless). The graphics are acceptable and the gameplay is very fun. A couple of the missions are a bit annoying but overall with the exception of the panzerkleins the game is pretty easy. I hope they make a sequel to this game it is very enjoyable even considering how old it is. Sadly I have never been able to finish the game as the last mission is glitched for me.Sentinels: This game however is not as fun. Some of the missions seem very tedious and hard. All the enemies make the same sound and the money system is complete trash. Panzerkleins again ruin the game as unlike in silent storm you cannot aquire them before the enemy sends them in which basically sucks. The story is very dumb and doesn't make very much sense. To me Silent Storm is better than sentinels.
,Recommended,254960,17182761,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sanctus-Susanin,"Disclaimer: this exact review is not full of sarcasm and irony. Suddenly! Not as always.Score out of 10:-Graphics: 7.0, now it looks outdated, but was good at the release moment-Game engine: 9.3, almost perfect!-Game mechanics: 10.0, true team-based tactics with stealth, mine traps and hookers.-Game addiction: 10.0, I had to spent at least 5 minutes in game to write a review -it took night!-Gameplay: 10.0, moar of it!TOTAL: 9.26Dont look on my play timer, cause I played this game the year it was released. Bought it now one more time only to show my gratitude to developers and raise game statistic in Steam.This game is AWESOME. Sentinels are even more awesome!3D turn-based RPG team tactic. It's like JA2 but in fair 3D and with fair level destruction.----Must have."
,Recommended,254960,9091325,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ScottWhatSolo,If you love xcom and dont mind something old school get this game. Its so old school there isnt even a cover mode just stand behind a wall and pray they dont manage to shoot through it haha.
,Recommended,254960,12936814,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ivy-Mike (imp),In my opinion one of the best turn based strategy games with RPG elements ever made. Equal to the original Jagged Alliance and in some points even better! Must buy for Fans of turn based strategy. God i spend so much time of my youth with that game and yet not one sec of this time seems wasted.
76561198076188856,Recommended,254960,14916816,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Beastlykilla4u,"Silent Storm is an AMAZING Turn Based Strategy and RPG. If you can get past some of the basic things such as bad voice acting and the graphics, you'll find a rather in-depth game where instead of going through the front door into an enemy base, you can walk around, blow up the wall and just walk on in. I dont really write reviews, but honestly this game is AMAZING and FUN, and I would recommend this to everyone who likes a nice strategy game or like X-COM.Have a good day!"
76561198008574340,Recommended,254960,14946982,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,exp3rt,A very good classical turn-based tactical rpg game with a good physics.10/10
76561198030355148,Recommended,254960,23947958,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kolsto,"I bought this game for over ten years ago, and i played it for a very long time. I purchased the Steam download just because  it was very very cheap, and i wanted to try to play it again.It wonder why a game that are so old as this cant be made again with todays quality? I mean, it has everything we wants. Historical weapons. historical units, destroyable buildings, rag doll effect, lootable corpses, shoot thru walls, et etc.Now, regarding this game i will just say: Yes it is a good game. Yes it is absolutely worth to include in your collection if you can get it for a nice price."
76561198102761464,Recommended,254960,29494010,Posted: 25 January,all,JediKnightSky,"Pls dont let my little time on steam for this game fool you, I bought it on steam just to be able to write this review.There are many great a thorough reviews here and I really dont know if I can add much to them so instead I will share a few moments I will never forget, memories that this game gave me that will linger on.I recall a mission that seemed almost unfairly hard yet was logical in its situation. We appeared in a quiet courtyard but in virtually every direction where patrols that you had no hope of avoiding.  I sent one of my two scouts up the north street with my sniper following along as support.My other 4 went west My second scout Elf taking point, followed not to closely by my grenadier and a heavy weapons guy. My CO was the doctor who hung back enough to avoid any major risks most of the time.My 2 man unit managed to take out a full patrol very quickly, a good grenade toss from the scout, a spray of some smg and the sniper picking off the stragglers it was over that side in 2 turns.Things for my 4 man unit got hot fast, The patrol they encountered spread out taking cover, making use of grenades not an option as they had too much distance, and cover kept them safe enough an extended fire fight with all the patrols around not a good place to be. Doc used his kbar to break in a window and crawled through but kept his head down and ears alert. my scout was right behind him and  moved for the door,Meanwhile my heavy machine gunner kept up fire to hold off the patrools, 2 now had merged up intoa  dangerous force. Too far to read the window, my grenade guy used a heavy explosive saved for emergency to blow a hole through the brick wall of the same building but into another room with a hallway running down the length. he went through and provided some fire support under cover that kept them focussed on him while my heavy gunner got through.My scout and sniper had cleared a second patrol with quick brutal effect, catching them from behind as they had been moving in towards all the noise of the firefight.My 2nd scout had gone trhough the door, taking point while doc held back to offer cover if needed. This scout a lass named Elf only carried blades no guns, she dispatched a german soldier quietly who was at the buildings front door. My explosives expert had set a few nastry traps at the hole in the wall before he and the heavy gunner moved out to join my scout at the front of the building.Scout 2 and the sniper had cleared another patrol on the main street and met up with the rest of the team. both the scouts headed off to cross the street and hide among bushes and trees while sneaking towards a series of buildings along the west side of the map. My sniper headed for the attic of the building we had cleared and my heavy weapons and grenade guys took positions on the front courtyard LA my blonde from hollywould who we figured LA meant loves attention proceeded to use heavy weapons fire to soften up the earlier patrols now circling to the front after one had caught a nasty mine and the rest thought better and decided not to persude that route.Great enemy AI btwDoc was still lingering in that first room, just in case, and good thing to. No idea where the nazi scum bag came from but sudenly doc can hear someone out in the hall moving towards the front along the same path we had used and was going to perfectly flank LA and her partner.Doc didnt hesitate, he pulled his kbar( did I mention I made my doctor a melee killing expert before a master of medicine?) and crept up to the doorway of the room that opened to the hall. as I could hear the unknown was on the other side abit past the door it was a prime moment to move out and Doc took the scum bag down with a triple stab to the back of the chest.Meanwhile my sniper had finally reached the attic window and was doing some amazing work on virtually single handedly whittling down 4 patrols worth of men that LA and her partner had been holding off and softening up.Over the next tenses turns enemy fire constantly peppered that buildings top floor, eventually lucky rounds caught my sniper through the wall forcing her back, but that didnt stop the fire coming her way, and it wouldnt be long before the entire area she had been at was gone,a gaping hole in a once lovely building.she wasnt doing to great and doc met with her in the saftey of an out of the way 2nd story room to patch her up.My two scouts had gotten across the wide open street to the far north west corner but not without trouble, a sniper on that buildings 2nd story balcony had caught Kate and she was down though Elf had managed to drag her to the safety of bushes and stop the bleeding and stabalize her for the moment. So elf was on her own, she managed to get inside, had picked up an enemy smg and some grenades from dead foes, and used those to cause abit of troublewe needed to all get across that wide street and while many enemies ahd died no small number whre left. LA being a blonde with serious balls went first managed to get most of the way across and grab some pavement and keep her head down praying for the best. doc had grabbed an enemy rifle and alongside my sniper where offering distant support fire as my grenade guy went out, but he wasnt going for cover.He had seen the situation, he knew that sacrifice was going to be needed. and went head on at the single biggest cluster of foes, he got as close as he could while having 2 throws in him, and he made them count. decimating 9 men and wounding several more. but he was in the open, his ap spent and the next turn he was left bleeding out riddled with the fire from at least 4 enemies. But it had been enough. Doc and LA got across, and put up fire so my sniper could get over to.Elf had at this time managed to locate several documents, and a enemy we needed to take prisoner. but had been disabled and only barely saved by doc who got her stabalized.we had 3 downed men, and a hostage. no way to recover my man on the street without a bloody fight we hadnt the chance in hell of lasting through. all of us beat up, some still mildly bleeding. LA had caught a nasty bullet leaving her blinded for now.I made the hard call. doc took the hostage, LA grabbed Elf, my sniper a russian woman named Zenilda  went to grab Kate, and we withdrew to the extraction pointThat man I left behind, bleeding out in that cold street surrounded by nazi scum. Some times his face still haunts me until the booze blurs it out along with the name I try to forget. He was a brave man, he died to see the mission complete and his allies live. I never left another man behind.This game is a special kind of game. It has many subtle layers, many elements that come together to create something bigger and more substantial then many modern games, it may look abit dated. but it never gets old. Like fine wine and good liquor its taste only becomes richer as new offerings in the genre only make you go why dont they have fully destructable enviroments?X com enemy unkown Im looking at you. For all your pretty graphics, fancy voice acting and cut scenes, your game play and challenge do not come from well balanced or logical scenerios. And nothing beats winning the day by saying ♥♥♥♥ this lets bring down the whole god damn building on top of the nazi scum.Yeah thats right I beat a mission once by throwing in a single grenade that set off so many traps nothing was left but a basement and a few documents."
,Recommended,254960,34064252,Posted: 6 August,all,Dr. Alexander Bendo,"This game is pure porn if you like tactical turn based combat and destructible environments (a feature that has become rarer than pink unicorns in tactical games unfortunately), I wish there were more games made in this engine, it's really impressive the way it handles physics and enviromental destruction.The only problem I have with this game is that the enemy and ally turns take forever if there are many of them in a map, and I mean FOREVER, there's a mod that speeds up the animations and it's pretty much essential to install imo, unless you want to watch 5 minutes of back and forth between npcs every time you end your turn. In the expansion Silent Storm: Sentinels they added an animation speed slider in the options, thankfully.Highly recommended if you like the genre."
,Recommended,254960,8842345,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Granite26,"This game was genius when it first came out, and it's still a super solid game.Think old-school XCOM vs Nazis with level based feats bolted on, written by an East Euro dev shop.When this first came out, I spent hours playing random encounters, because the game is just fun.Today, the technology feels a little dated (it IS a 10 yr old game) but I snagged it as soon as it hit Steam and feel no regrets.If you like the things that got 'fixed' out of the new XCOM, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,254960,12842481,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nozzy,"This game is one of a kind. I love the maps, characters the AI might be a bit dumb at times but you can fix that with some AI mods like the DieHard Mod 9/10 for me"
76561197969702076,Recommended,254960,12878325,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,MisterFlibble,"One of the finest turn-based tactics games ever. The panzerkleins can get a bit over-powered near the end if you save-crawl too hard, so ease back and enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,254960,29122858,Posted: 8 January,all,Thulle,"This game has very special place both in my heart and my library. It has incredible high production quality and graphic is insanely good taken into account it was released back in the 2004.You could effectively compare it to Jagged Alliance or XCOM, but when you dig a bit into the game, it is very obvious that the gameplay is significantly deeper and more enjoyable. Did I mention it was released back in the 2004? It has completely destructible environment - yes, in 2004. Don't you find viable option to enter a building through the door? Make yourself a new door with a bazooka or any other explosives. It is still fun to play, even 12 years after the release. You could release it today with an updated graphics, and it would still be able to compete with the best turn-based games out there.If I would ever become a game producer, I would buy rights to this masterpiece and make a sequel/remaster right away. It is that good."
76561198006276140,Recommended,254960,8136630,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[killjoy],"So, I will be the first to admit that aRPGs are typically not my thing, but they have been slowly growing on me - thanks, in large part, to great games such as Silent Storm. S2 blends tactical turn-based strategy with action-packed RPG goodness.There is a brief training course tutorial to associate you with gameplay, which is niether too bloated nor too shallow and gets right to the point. There are two story campaigns to choose from, one for Allied (US, UK, Russia) forces and one for Axis (Germany, Japan, Italy) forces. You can choose a premade character or create a custom one, starting the game as a lone wolf who will go on to lead a small squad of elite commandos. Each profession (see below) utilizes its own stats and attributes, which can be upgraded as you progress. As with any good RPG - even an aRPG - there is a rather hefty skill tree available for further fine tuning and customization.There are six professions: soldier, sniper, grenadier, scout, engineer, and medic. Each offers its own unique playstyle and you will need to utilize the full range of their given skillsets (as a team) to successfully complete your missions. This makes for some really interesting gameplay and near-endless tactical possibilites. Will you have your sniper pick your enemies off from afar? Or will you send in your scout to silently dispatch any sentries and infilitrate enemy lines? The choice is yours! Your engineer can provide new and intersting paths to success, as their primary strength lies not in direct combat but instead in safely navigating minefields or bypassing locked doors. Perhaps you favor the more direct approach? Not to fear, that's why you always bring a medic - ready and able to patch up even the deadliest of wonds and get your soldiers going again in no time!Between missions you are returned to your own personal base of operations where you can manage your squad, access your armory, visit the sickbay, or initiate further missions."
76561197966867435,Recommended,254960,17137193,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,jercules,"Silent Storm was one of those games that when I first played it I loved it. I wasn't very good at the it, even the first mission (Allies) but I wanted to be. Seeing it on Steam is another win as now I don't have to track down those CDs everytime I build a new PC.Silent Storm incorporates squad level, turn based strategy action with RPG elements and memorable characters. As a long time fan of the Jagged Alliance series I was immediately drawn to the similarities between the games and soon found myself lost in the eye of a Silent Storm.Missions revolve around your Allied or Axis specialist squad investigating a mysterious foundation known only as Thor's Hammer and their background dealings with senior Allied and Axis leadership. Most often than not this leads to combat against both Allied and Axis troops but also Thor's Hammer mercenaries who will almost certainly be better armed with you.As a big WWII buff and weaponry fanatic I was lost in number of period weapon choices and the attention to detail with regards to ammunition types. Default demage values are a bit odd but there are numerous mods out there that rectify several small issues that in all honesty, don't effect the game that much.Sentinals is a continuation of the fight against Thor's Hammer immediately after the Second World War and introduces new missions, weapons and equipment.The only oddity that I know throws a lot of people off the game is the introduction of walking tanks later in the story line known as Panzerkleins. These weapons are incredibly powerful when used correctly but more often than not can be easily defeated with an excellent marksman or hail storms of machine gun fire.TLDR: 9/10 would Panzerklein again.Anyone who really enjoyed these games I strongly suggest checking out Hammer and Sickle."
,Recommended,254960,23533342,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sypha Belnades,"One of my favorite tactical RPG's of all time. Fairly challenging and offers an interesting WWII science fiction experience,"
76561198069166070,Recommended,254960,18021579,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Danotti,in the old days liked Xcom enemy unknown ? liked original jagged alliance ? Then you will love this game .
76561198004067034,Recommended,254960,8781580,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Easy,"In my opinion, one of the greatest and most horribly overlooked turn-based games out there."
76561197967840114,Recommended,254960,12229423,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,DonVitto,"This game is an absolute classic! It has deep turn-based strategy and it still holds up today. If you're a fan of X-Com type of games, I can't recommend this enough! Get it!"
,Recommended,254960,33978790,Posted: 2 August,all,Online,"The AI isn't too good at reacting, and the enemies turns can take up to 3 minutes with enough of them,but still very fun.There's two campaigns, though I've only played on the axis side.If you like tactical turn-based games like classic X-COM, but don't like the higher level management you'll like this.Blow up walls, blow up enemies, or blow up yourself!Infinite possibility to destroy stuff up."
76561197977057864,Recommended,254960,29053499,Posted: 5 January,all,starburst,"For anyone who likes games like XCOM 1 (with Longbow mod ofcourse !) and other tactical games (maybe also Divinity OS's  combat elemental and environmental effects ), this old game is truly going to satisfy.I haven't started the Sentinels  expansion yet but I've truly been enjoying both the excellent tactical combat model used.  LOS , stealth spotting, ricochets, ragdoll and ofcourse.. the physics of a totally (and I mean TOTALLY) destructible environment. Using the environment is now a trully delightful affair.Got a snipers nest above you in a building with troops protecting the floor below..throw a nice fat HE grenade, watch the guy fall to his death as the floor below him crumples in to a ruined mess and crushing troops underneath their ceiling.Make no mistake though, this is not an easy game as you progress later. You will need to consider choices with thought or permadeath of squad members may result. (You can reload a save if you have one).It's not a perfect game but it was originally developed in 2003 (?). The visual mess of death and the environmental damage is quite satisfying too.I'm not sure re: Sentinels expansion but I would STRONGLY suggest atleast the following mods:""Grenade Range Increase"", ""Improved Backstab"", ""Headshot Should Kill"", ""Ammo Fixes S2 mod"", ""Easier Medical and Engineering Items"".""Skill Watchdog hack"" (is an important mod that fixes skilling up of your active squad)You should also use the ""Save Mod"" to install and uninstall mods in to save games.There is also a UI resolution fix for slightly higer screen level (see community pages here on Steam) which really is essentialThis game cost me $2.95 on special I think..but even at full price of $9.99 it is ridiculously good value."
,Recommended,254960,10288620,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Clem Fangango ☃,"So basically  - Jagged Alliance made sweet sweet love to Man of Prey. And whilst X-COM assisted in the birth; the result was Silent Storm. Now, that may not make much sense based upon the actual release dates of the above titles, but Silent Storm is a fantastic squad based RTS/RPG regardless."
,Recommended,254960,21830220,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,| ♔ | Cocky Bagboa,"I looked at this game the other day and thought ""Man, this game must have come out not too long ago because the graphics are still pretty damn good""Come to find out this game released in 2004.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥One of the best games I've played in a long, long time."
76561198054580129,Recommended,254960,8289455,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Riddle_Me_This,where to start?lets start with the bad This is challengening and difficult which at first may be a turn off but once you get used to it it mellows out. The game at times can be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and F you over.now the for the good. This game is really fun sure the graphics may be a little dated but the gameplay is still fun. The dialouge is the dumbest thing i've ever heard next to the MoW accents. The campaing is fun even tho the axis & allies is the same story just different characters. Every level has random encounter specs so if you fail or restart a mission it will play out diffrentley than before. Overall this game is really fun.
,Recommended,254960,21348446,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,The Minotaur,"One of the greatest Squad-Based Strategy games of all time, period. Don't overlook this underrated gem."
,Recommended,254960,18392156,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Cirunz,"Great game and great physics. This is one of a few bunch of games I thought would change everything in the genre. More than ten year later the games with this level of interaction with the background are really rare.I always recall one mission in wich I defeated an entire squad mining the ground floor of the building they were into.Also, the various class are well conceived and the squad dynamics works as a charm.There is a problem with the character leveling though: if you lose a character forward in the game, at high difficulty level is very tough to get a novice on track with the squad.All in all a great game, that after ten years still has more than a few lessons for the younger ones."
76561198117414870,Recommended,254960,24363032,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mechbane,"old but gold, buy on sale its worth it"
76561198045268417,Recommended,254960,28524418,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BobPOS,Thought this would be real good. It's rear fun and adictive. It's 4:14AM. For a 2004 game its 10+ year before its time in quality and design. I wish there were more like this. GREAT FUN!!!
,Recommended,254960,10292557,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,mortalis7,Great old school game. Really enjoy playing this game everynow and then.
76561197974149460,Recommended,254960,9172624,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Wrath of Westchester,"A true turn-based strategy gem in gaming. Gain skills and attributes as you use them, similar to The Elder Scrolls. Blow a hole in the ceiling and climb to the next floor. Collapse a building to take out a sniper. There are endless random missions you can accept, simply by walking into enemy icons on the map. Depends on which region you are in, and what part of that region you go into, you will play on a that encounter map. However, the map still randomizes, including buildings and vehicle placement, and the number, type, and armaments of enemies on the map.Both Axis and Ally campaigns are both great plays. And while you can loot any weapon you see an enemy using, it depends on which side you picked if your base will resupply you in that ammo type. Otherwise, keep hording that enemy ammo. Great game. Tons of replayability. And it's cheap as hell. Pick it up."
76561198014519725,Recommended,254960,27688594,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ehs43243,"This is a turn-based RPG where you take control of a group of commandos during WW2, performing missions behind enemy lines. Destructible environment, advanced ragdoll physics, smart AI and simply well ahead of its time being a 12 year old game. Multiple campaigns, both allied as well as axis, offers many hours of gameplay. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,254960,10060683,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Vulture,"in my oppinion simply the best game so far in its genre, the tactical round based combat is just done perfect with lots of options. the equipment collection is just as motivating as diablo, but not every weapon is automatically better and the game has a lot to do.. as in pretty much endless play with random elements."
76561197969648267,Recommended,254960,25875333,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MASSIVE PRAWNS,"My favourite turn based game, however...There's something that happens towards the end of the game that completely changes the dynamics of the game and ruins it in my opinion but up until that point it's amazing and has better gameplay than any modern turn based tactic game.The destructable environments are great and I even liked the cheesey voice acting"
,Recommended,254960,9967110,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Blood Arnie,"This, in my opinion, is one of the best turn-based squad tactics ever made, along with X-Com and Jagged Alliance; and probably one of the best PC games made in Russia. I remember playing it back in the day and it was super addictive. This game has great tactical battles with variety of different strategies that manage to be dynamic despite old-school action-points based system. It also has simple, but effective RPG system of skill progression with skill trees for each type of character. Those may seem confusing at first, but game has a high replayability value and each type of character definitely worth of try. But the best part about Silent Storm is probably its destructable environments withint the game. There's no sweeter sound than the sound of heavy machine gun fire demolishing the walls and ripping apart the house. With everything and everyone inside. Total nerdgasm.Now, we already have SS and SS:Sentinels, can we also have Hammer & Sickle? Steam? Please?"
76561197970616109,Recommended,254960,8248933,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sam Wells,"Ignore the awful voice acting, dialogue and character models; the glitches and the odd crashes.When it comes together, this game is absolute gold.If you play games because you want to have fun, Silent Storm has it in spades. I personally find it much more enjoyable than even recent action strategy games like X-COM / Jagged Alliance, and feel it is a bit of a shame it gets overlooked.The combat is exciting and really tactical. The environment is fully destructable, meaning missions play out completely differently each time.Can't pick the lock? blow the entire wall up with a grenade. Hear a man sneaking about upstairs? Spray bullets through the floor until it collapses around him. Whatever tactic you would like to try is available.The character skill treee allows lots of different skills to be unlocked to customise your player further.Recommended"
76561198027083929,Recommended,254960,12892970,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sammy West,"Not a bad little game. Its an older game that I remember trying as a kid some where but it still is a solid one. I like how you can choose both sides, axis and allies, and hire troops to work with you on the batlefield. I like the base and the mechanics. Very few bugs and crashes.The game reminds me of jagged alliance and is a great alternitve however I do wish they would have a shop to where you can buy ammo or requisition it for more of a you earned the money you get to buy what you need feel rather then scavanging and waiting for the armory to populate weapons.Out side of that, that's all I really have to complain about wiht this game. The random encounters do get reptitious though and while not really a bad thing, it lowers the life of the game just a little bit. Also they should impliment a auto loot after each level or allow you to choose the loot left on the ground but seeing how old this game is, I doubt that will happen unless its modded in by the community.As its on sale I am very happy to pay 2.50 for the collection. I wouldn't of bought it at 10$ but i would still reccomend it.Anyway hope you liked the review!"
,Recommended,254960,19660001,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"This one is a good old classic of tactical games.You choose your side of the conflict, your team of experts and you complete some missions around the world.I like the breakable surrounding, the good variaty of weapons, gadgets and equipment in general. There is always plenty of tactical options, which is good too and offers some re-playability. Also, leveling sistem for each fighter, permadeath (So, think well before doing something or save more often) and the story is not bad too. The only thing that may scare some players is that the game is pretty old. So, expect meh graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ resolution. But besides that, it's a must have if you are a fan of tactical games."
76561198008592584,Recommended,254960,25382660,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Stillaute,"One of the best games in a Genure that does not get enough credit. Turn based war games.Go Sentinals!!!  Devs - DO NOT CHANGE THIS GAMEPLAY - just nmake new scenarios to add to this already GREAT game. Look at WHAT THEY DID TO Jagged Alliance WHEN THEY ""MADE IT BETTER"". Now it sucks and is not playable as it was; Cheats don't work and the interface has gotten too complicated. SS and SS2 are winners needing just more stories or missions... not changes."
,Recommended,254960,9144783,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Abu'l-Hasan Mu'nis al-Khadim,"If you don't play this game, you are not very smart."
76561198031590528,Recommended,254960,32340598,Posted: 11 June,all,JAhU,"I've spent countless hours playing this game before I got it on Steam. This is the closest thing to mmaking a JA2 like game in 3D that any game has achieved, which makes it even more sad that JA3 on Silent Storm engine was cancelled :'(The game does do a few things wrong, but that gets overshadowed by the number of things it does right. Among the good stuff, we get solid turn based combat, fully destructible environment, ragdolls and a decent camera. On the bad side, there is hardly any story, some skills and weapons/items are not balanced (and mostly useless).If you're a fan of squad-based tactical combat games, this game is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,254960,34203800,Posted: 12 August,all,Imp,"As a fan of turn based games this one was on my radar so when it popped up on sale I couldn't resist.Silent Storm is a game that I hadn't played before so I aren't basing this on any nostalgia bias but I find this game has a solid engine which for me doesn't look outdated and easily merges with my more modern games, the destructable terrains are fantastic and really adds a fun element to the game.If you are a fan of Turn Based games you wont go wrong with Silent Storm, grab dxwnd if you want to play in a window though, it offers a fair challenge where you dont feel cheated nor do you feel like its a walk in the park, or at least so far this has been the case for the few hours I've played, ignore my playtime on Steam, I play using dxwnd so it doesn't count my playtime correctly.I did have a couple of crashes but the autosave and fast save features means you wont really have to  worry about losing hours of progress should that happen, the crashes could be down to forcing it into a window and I would say it was a one off but it happened twice within an hour of playing but other than that it was plain sailing."
76561198070060941,Recommended,254960,30715198,Posted: 24 March,all,La Tristesse,"I played a lot of this game well before it landed on Steam, and shamefully it was pirated. Then one day I saw this game here and decided to buy it on Steam just to show some appreciation and support. Recently I've been playing the new XCOM games and suddenly the fond memory of Silent Storm came to mind. It made me want to play this game again, because XCOM couldn't quite scratch the itch for me.IMO this game is mechanically superior to XCOM, far superior in fact. The AP system, battleground layout, character progression, detection based on sight/sound, different poses/fire mode, separate body parts for targetting, special wound effects based on where you were hit... the list goes on forever. It got everything XCOM has and everything it does not. For example the stealth element could be crucial to a Silent Storm player, but it was not included into XCOM until XCOM2 came out. And let's face it, XCOM still hasn't had decent scouting mechanism, which is absolutely vital in Silent Storm. The creme de la creme of this game is that you can free shoot. I once had my sniper taking a focused shot to a bush because he heard someone got inside of it and no one ever came out. He did not spot anyone atm and the silhouette representing someone you heard has long gone. But I dared not send my vanguard solider to check it out so I ordered him to shoot the bush. ""Bang"" and that sneak mofo hit the ground. That brought pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥. And did I mention the environment is fully destructable? I once had a whole floor blown up thus was unable to retrive some document.This game is the opposite of ""streamlining"". And it didn't care much about presentation at all, which is the only flaw about Silent Storm to me.The graphics are quite primitive but acceptable given its age. The music is almost nonexistent. The sound effects are honestly really bad, worse is the voice acting. In addition, I don't really feel like this is set during WWII. Aside from the familiar weapons, there's almost nothing that reminds me of an era of great turmoil and catastrophe. The strategic layer can get really bland and lacks the feeling of urgency or suspense compared to XCOM.To conclude I really wish there will be a spiritual successor to Silent Storm, with the nigh perfect mechanism and AAA presentation like XCOM's. That would be the best tactical game ever made period."
,Recommended,254960,8803111,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Xavrok™,Simply Classic Greatness.  It's sad that games are made like this anymore.  One of the greatest of all time.
,Recommended,254960,14893027,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Shogo,If Tadas ain't happy then nobody happy.
,Recommended,254960,7730583,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,toklian,One of the best TB games I've ever played
,Recommended,254960,8541482,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hapless Citizen,"For any fan of Xcom: Enemy Unknown, and the WW2 setting this game is a must have."
76561197970293432,Recommended,254960,22440041,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Abecedarius Rex,"I played this game when it originally came out. I saw the sale, and wondered if it had held up over time. It does. It moves a little slower than modern games, and sometimes the enemy AI is wonky, but overall the gameplay is great fun. I still haven't found a game to compare to this one."
,Recommended,254960,20710915,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Some Guy,Gold standard in 3d turn based squad combat games with nearly-completely destructible environments and non-linear campaign progression
76561197991657927,Recommended,254960,7391846,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,MrMuse,"Huge game with bags of character. If you can ignore the hilarious attempt at accents (especially the Scottish one) this game is worth every penny twice over. It's a classic X-COM style squad based tactical shooter but with a WW2 theme. Half the fun is in making mistakes - early on in the allies campagn, for example you walk your entire squad into a mexican standoff in a small enclosed space, I had my grenadier pop one out to try to clear a few of the surrounding enemy, he fumbled and blew up the entire squad. This remains fun because you always have a replay function for fails. 90%"
,Recommended,254960,19913837,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SpiteAndMalice,"Cracking game, this has been my surprise favourite purchase of the year. If you like Jagged Alliance/Xcom you should enjoy this, and at only a couple of quid it's a snip."
76561198035730810,Recommended,254960,21575902,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TheDwemerComrade,"A really classic game, that I've known for quite a while even before it came out on steam. I reccomend to anyone who can buy it, for the great strategy, unit management and of course the fun of getting your life ruined by the RNG."
,Recommended,254960,26449418,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"Part of my (like many others) young adulthood, take this recommendation with a pinch of salt due to the inherant nostalga that comes with these kind of things.its still a great game that holds up gameplay wise is an increasingly stronger and stronger TBT field, very niiiiice"
76561198064114593,Recommended,254960,7590806,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Stuart,"Silent Storm is a nifty world war 2 turn based RPG/strategy game from a few years back. I never got around to playing it when I was younger and it's a shame because this is a pretty awesome game, ""wonderful"" voice acting for the time it was made and the gameplay is very solid,the best turn based game I have...and It's probably going to keep that spot for a very long time."
,Recommended,254960,14496419,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Heron,"This is just an incredible turn-based action game, in my opinion the best in it's class, and despite its age, is still immense fun to play today. I'm gutted that the Hammer and Sickle game isn't included, as I've never managed to play it and would love it on Steam, but definitely get this if you've even a passing interest. I've sunk over 200 hours into this game so far, and I've recently re-bought it for Steam and playing it over again. Buy it if you're into your squad-level turn-based games."
76561198058769657,Recommended,254960,7348214,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,esscubed,This has been my go to strategy game since 2005. If you enjoy games like XCOM or Jagged Alliance  you can't go wrong with Silent Storm Gold. Both S2 and S3 are included making it the best 10 bucks a strategy fan can spend. I can't recommend SS enough.
76561197991222471,Recommended,254960,28761087,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jocko,"Open DoorYour Scout hears someone standing 1 inch away in front of himInterruptShadow from Oblivion burst fires your scout to hell 1 inch awayOk, ok, let's try againOpen DoorScout's 30º tunnel vision doesn't see shadow from oblivion standing right next to himBurst fired to hellRage quit...Will come back 2 years later after wondering why the hell did I stop playing this... again.But seriously, game is good, really, but this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥just annoys me beyond comparison."
,Recommended,254960,9016999,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Griff,"It's a combination of X-COM, Where Eagles Dare, Wolfenstein, and Inglorious Basterds.You should get it."
,Recommended,254960,28498903,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ASPARTAN4EVER,"Silent Storm is loads of fun. As the description of the game says its a Turn-Based RPG with a surprisingly interesting story. The story plays out as you complete missions you find documents and notes telling you of the Germans plans. The missions are non-linear meaning that every time I start A new game I get the missions in different orders or missions that I have seen before. Missions can be any thing from raiding a small village to a full on assault on a enemy held stronghold. Between missions you have a base to go back to so you can heal squad members, acquire new squad members, and rearm. There are hundreds of guns from Thompsons to SMLE mk. IIIs. In the end theres not much esle to say then its loads of fun.9/10"
,Recommended,254960,34389337,Posted: 20 August,all,Slavoj Žižek,"If you enjoy turn-based games, this is an absolute must for your collection."
,Recommended,254960,22571807,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,hencha,A classic masterpiece in its genre. Not for those easily frustrated.
,Recommended,254960,20457769,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Luzaer_,Amazing game just buy
,Recommended,254960,20362117,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,cvb666,"Do you like X-com or Jagged Alliance –games? If answer is “yes”, you will love this. Good strategy action and bad armoured mech Nazis."
76561198131519347,Recommended,254960,21132881,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Master of Rhythm,Very excellent tactical combat.
76561198080833647,Recommended,254960,30088378,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,A must play for squad turned based fans
,Recommended,254960,9169618,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Jay Len,Good game
,Recommended,254960,22511370,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ColdWolf,"Silent Storm does what XCOM does, only better and more convincingly.I've played HUNDREDS of hours of the GOG version of this game offline on my old laptop.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The difficulty isn't artificially bolstered by just throwing in men with more health.Men are not bullet sponges, and a single headshot will kill ANYONE permanently.Weapons have penetration and range values dependent on their loaded ammunition type,and woe betide anyone firing a high-caliber weapon in a building containing fuel barrels.Ricochets can and will kill your squad simply by causing the entire f&^%ing map to explode.Speaking of explosions...if you can see it, it's destructible. It's the only strategy game I've ever played that has convincing levels of destruction modelled for EVERYTHING. Buildings crumble, floors splinter, that fire escape you were stood on fell into the street and killed half of your squad. Battlefield 4? HAH!Squad injuries are dealt with in a convincing way, with most status ailments treatable only by a medic. None of this namby-pamby 'healing glue-gun' nonsense the new XCOM kiddies love, oh no. Bandages, painkillers, forceps, morphine; you name it, you'll need it. It's WAR, dammit!Minor Spoilers(?):About half to three-quarters of the way through the game, you'll find the oddity that is the PanzerKlein. I ADORED them, as they freshened up the gameplay in a way I wasn't expecting, but a lot of people despised them. You can mod them out easily enough, but personally I'd wait and see what you think of them.BOTTOM LINE:----------------If you're a fan of turn based strategy games and like options for different tactical approaches,then you probably already own Silent Storm and Sentinels, possibly even Hammer and Sickle.If you don't usually go for turn based tactics, however, it'd be worth watching some YouTube vids of the game in action, as some sections can be slow. XCOM fans will probably adore it, though."
,Recommended,254960,21688442,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,omar_uav,great old game
76561198017681447,Recommended,254960,17098887,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ferretsrule,"I have completed this game but most of the hours I clocked up have been offline. To sum up this is a good rock solid squad based strategy game. It has been compared it to Xcom and I would say it does in some respects but more to the original classic not the new remake, and for no other reason than being a hard game to master. However once you have mastered it and built your squad up you will start to enjoy those long drawn out gun battles around one doorway and 20+ enemy soldiers! You will die, the game will annoy you with fields of vision causing hair pulling moments and you will be reloading (many many times), but once you get the hang of your squads abilities it will be an enjoyable play for people who enjoy this type of game, plus it’s not that heavy on the wallet. For those who aren’t into squad based tactical games or want something easy to jump into please avoid."
76561198008368544,Recommended,254960,12383473,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Trebuchet,"This golden oldie was one my favorites many years ago, I'm glad to see it getting a new lease on life. You won't like it if ""too hard"" is in your vocabulary."
,Recommended,254960,12733260,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,s0m,"Kinda fun, but it doesn't have much in the way of widescreen support(although the sequel does, but still kinda janky).Also: the Edge of Tomorrow Nazi suits are just stupid. Don't play with them. Use a mod to remove them, as they make the game a TOTAL cakewalk.Other than that: create a smokin hot British sniper babe and lay waste to the Reich."
76561198038298397,Not Recommended,254960,19677376,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Vampboss,"After playing over 70 hours, I finally made it to the last ""Boss"" level ... only to discover that the game has a BUG that prevents the ""Boss"" from appearing.  After a fair bit of digging, I found an unofficial Russian patch that is supposed to fix the issue -- but the patch corrupts the quality of the display and slows the game down.The game was fun for the most part, despite having lots of ""path not found"" issues.  However, I cannot recommend it in its current (Dec 2015) state simply because you can't finish it!"
,Recommended,254960,12395959,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Charm to Cure Curse of Charm,I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE this game
76561197989379275,Recommended,254960,1214590,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Mirroidal,"If you haven't played this game yet - BUY AND PLAY IT NOW! It's a classic tactical RPG with destructible environments and loads of WW2 weapons. It has no analogy games EVEN TODAY. Forget about JA and other ""tactical"" games - this is essence of perfect tactical game!"
,Recommended,254960,18895434,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MadReizka,"4/5I have this on CD/DVD release, bought it again just to support this game."
,Recommended,254960,35143177,Posted: 22 September,all,™S|_|ck ™IT™ X ™,great for uninstalling .. 10/10 will uninstall again
76561198025270999,Recommended,254960,29978456,Posted: 16 February,all,bigmac1990,love this game as much as i did when i first layed it years ago...
,Recommended,254960,7412269,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,defect55,One of the gratest tactical games ever made.
76561198018717590,Recommended,254960,8498711,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,mattkachu,"If you like Jagged alliance 1/2, Xcom UFO (first one), commandoes series and fallout 1/2/tactivs, this game is another turn-based classic.Wish it had a more interactive multiplayer, but a great time wasting solo campaign. Features all the authentic WW2 weapons combined with destructible terrain. Throw in a bit of mechs and lasers, and you get good street fights and intense combat.9/10 for 2003 game that still looks better than most indie games today7/10 compared to new Xcom and JA:BIA"
76561198005397631,Recommended,254960,26971347,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joel,"One of, if not the best, turn based strategy games i have ever played.  It is slow, but wonderfully fun.  A real Diamond in the orugh"
76561197993065396,Recommended,254960,32240527,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,It's a fun little turn-based tactical game. Not as in-depth as JA but enjoyable nevertheless.
76561197993557524,Recommended,254960,16754153,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Amberghylles,This pair is one of my all time favorites. I loved them back in the day when they first came out and I still adore them.
,Recommended,254960,16839366,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Kerensky,"Playing for 15 minutes made me uninstall the game.Playing for 20 hours made me hungry to play even more.It's old, and very difficult to appreciate and enjoy at first, but if you like this genre of games (turn based squad game), this is a winner in the long run."
,Recommended,254960,17022285,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Black Baron,"I've been planning to make huge review for this game, but in the end decided to keep it short.Masterpiece."
76561198048764875,Recommended,254960,17335861,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Grey-Coven,"An old one that still manages to be an enjoyable turn based tatical game. There are several classes of soldiers each with their own strengths and you command a squad of them to accomplish missions that involve killing nazis. There are weapon options from firearms, explosives, RPGs, grenades and melee. Each class will tend to be better with certain kinds depending on what you select to upgrade as soldiers gain levels.The downside, WWII era powersuits. How the developers turned what should be a high point into a low one is an accomplishment. Near the end you will have to use them, and they are just not as fun as having the soldiers on foot.After finishing the game I had my fill, barely touching the expansion that is included."
,Recommended,254960,17686975,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,BloodyThorn,"This review is going to look a lot like any review I write for a beloved, aged franchise.First the bad:This game is old. It's shows it's age. It's difficult to work with because of it. Be prepared.Now the good:I could write pages. This game redefined squad based combat. While X-Com and Jagged Alliance were busy constructing the squad-based, turn-based combat games, this game took that construct and de-constructed it.The combination of a physics based-world combined with a turn-based mechanic, make this one of the most unique squad combat games you'll ever play. I tend to play the sniper, and there's nothing more satisfying that nailing someone in the head from across the playing field and having them fly back through the window behind them.Enemy blocking the stairway down? No problem. Blow a hole in the floor with a grenade and climb down it. Have a large machine gun? Brick wall between you an your enemy? To a weapon with enough damage potential, that's not a problem.And I don't want to spoil the surprise for those who haven't played it, but the game has much more charm than just the World War II aesthetic. It adds a dash of sci-fi 1940s era pulp fiction to it.If you've never played this game and you enjoyed X-Com and Jagged Alliance, you're doing yourself a dis-service by not owning this game."
76561198023507159,Recommended,254960,18682352,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,the.grognard,I have so much love for this turn-based tactical classic.It has aged well and plays nice.   Games like xCom are its successor.   This has a proud place making games like that happen.
,Recommended,254960,18391058,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SabreCat,"Silent Storm is a quirky title. While its WWII setting and stark palette give the impression of a Serious Game About War, a more pervasive lightheartedness comes to the fore as you play. Goofy voiceover dialogue, strangely named NPCs, and the sudden appearance of science fiction elements like beam weapons and UFOs show that the game doesn't take itself quite as seriously as all that.Unfortunately for the playability of the thing, that sometimes-serious-but-not-really back and forth also comes through in its systems design. You've got a meticulous turn-based tactical simulation, complete with ammo management, multiple firing modes with different balance of speed vs. accuracy, and wounds that impair soldier performance. Maps are brilliantly realistic, with buildings believably functional down to the bathrooms. But for all that detail, many front-and-center features feel slapdash. The AI is terrible, with enemy soldiers staring blankly into nowhere while they get shot repeatedly over several turns. Skill trees are haphazardly assembled, with tepid pinnacle skills, prerequisites that have nothing to do with their descendants, and bugged skills that straight-up don't do what they say they do. The difficulty curve is all over the place, too--hit the right partially-randomized path in the campaign and you'll find yourself steamrolling everything, or don't, and find yourself desperately exploiting the aforementioned flawed AI just to have any chance at success.For all those gripes, though, the game hooked me. I love the tension of turn-based tactical play where enemies could be hiding around any corner. Silent Storm's system of hearing vs. vision, where you can spot ghostly outlines representing something you've heard out of sight--are they really enemies, or noisy civilians? only one way to find out--heightens that mood wonderfully. The thrill of successfully cornering and defeating a difficult foe in a close-quarters hunt is a lovely treat, one that S2's style pulls off consistently. And it's worth saying that more than a few of the game's most glaring issues can be fixed with mods, if you care to pursue that route.I thus give a thumbs-up with caveats to this decade-old title. If you like XCOM, Jagged Alliance, etc., this is likely to appeal to you. But if you're hoping for something as polished as Enemy Unknown, for example, you might better leave this one aside."
,Recommended,254960,16649637,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,saga,best world war 2 Turn-based game so far a lot of weapon plus kickass panzerklein10/10
76561198006350359,Recommended,254960,8218675,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,New Meat Horizons,Really can't beat the destructible environments.
76561198060161824,Recommended,254960,13193320,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FastForward,100% chance of hitting with a sub machinegun at close quarters: Misses all shots2% chance of hitting with a luger from a large distance: All massive damage hits10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,254960,21091969,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Silent Storm started out as an interesting tactical squad game that ended as a real disappointment for me. Initially, the character customization, range of classes, and diversity of weapons and equipment seemed to reveal a great deal of complexity in the game. Which to me looked like a lot of fun, or at least that’s what I thought…Gameplay is pretty similar to the older XCOM or Jagged Alliance games so if you’re familiar with either of those you’ll pick up the basics really quickly. The voice acting is pretty silly and the overall story for why you are involved at all is pretty minimal.After about 5-6 missions I realized that realistically, the only classes worth using were sniper, soldier, and scout (engineer and medic are both broken and useless as of patch 1.2) and anything except for single shot rifles and ‘secret’ weapons was totally useless in combat. The enemy AI has a habit of doing really weird things like crouching in high places and forcing you to start combat, but never leaving to engage you.If that wasn’t bad enough, the way the game gets you to the next mission requires that you find special clues in each mission. So if you don’t find the right clues you’ll end up like I did, stuck at a mission where I was totally overwhelmed by a sudden special enemy (Panzerklein) against which _none_ of my weapons worked. After experimenting with different approaches over an hour or two, including stealing some special weapons mid-battle, I managed to defeat the enemies…except the game announced a self-destruct sequence that I had no chance of avoiding or overriding.I decided to throw in the towel after that. I had already rerolled once before just to try out different classes and weapons and by this point the game was getting really tedious and unrewarding. It’s just not worth the self-punishment when there are better squad strategy games out there."
76561198007080590,Recommended,254960,29571538,Posted: 29 January,all,Rebekka,its a good game
,Recommended,254960,8014005,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Abaddon,The best Game ever!
,Recommended,254960,18705937,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,rotten corpse,The go to for WW2 Turn-based-tactical RPG. A solid game with great depth.
76561198023127399,Recommended,254960,12564428,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Maiden_jr,10/10
,Not Recommended,254960,34954017,Posted: 14 September,all,MaXeMuS_2.0,"It could be awesome back in 2003 but definetely not in 2017, At least original game is playable despite of crashes. Sentinels is so bad that no words can describe that. Save your time and nerves or end up playing a mission with close quarters, bunch of invisible guys with submachine guns coming from nowhere and three-turns-before-blow-up bombs"
,Recommended,254960,12690671,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,254960,18784664,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Redeemed,"I have always been a big fan of turn-based strategy, but this one fails to impress.Too tedious, buggy, frustrating to recommend.  Difficulty is all over the board from too easy to impossible.In the U.N. mission, I would be hidden and crouched and get ambushed by someone invisible right in front of me with an SMG.Clip unloaded, character dead.Lots of potential, but even for almost-free I cannot recommend."
76561198014982188,Not Recommended,254960,15034814,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,PSL,"I would love to give this game a glowing review. I would love to be able to recommend it.Unfortunately my experience of this engrossing and highly enjoyable game has been spoiled by constant crashes.There seems to be a number of known hardware/OS issues associated with this game, many of which have been overcome with patches or GFX tweeks, unfortunately none of these have worked for me.Core i5-2410M8GB DDR3 RamNvidia GT550MWin7 - 64bitPerhaps I have been unlucky, but I can't recomend a game that crashes so frequently as to be unplayable."
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,254960,23209774,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,AlterEgo45,"I usually like turn-based shooters, but this game is weak. It's no XCom. I wouldn't even have liked this in the 1990's, which I presume is when it came out based on the graphics.I had a feeling things weren't going to work out when I was in the training mission, standing literally right next to an enemy... just standing there, and I shot at him twice with a rifle and missed both times, then he unloaded his pistol at me and missed all of his shots, too.In the the campaign mission I attempted, I was outnumbered 4-1 and dropped in the middle of the woods. I was a sniper, so that is exactly what I'm not built to do. There isn't really any room for planning or strategy. You're just sort of there, and enemies start moving towards you. The board is really small, so you can't maneuver much.Even in the training, I was outnumbered 4-1 and it looks like the game compensates for a weak AI by just spamming enemies at you.I had to fight the camera. If you're among trees, you can't strip them away to really see what is going on. It's also easy to accidently start climbing over cover instead of moving around it.I didn't have a very good time here, is what I'm saying.I'm guessing this is a good game for nostalgia value if you played and enjoyed it when it was new. I absolutely can't recommend under any other circumstances."
76561197993073639,Not Recommended,254960,21657604,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,agent707,"Wow.....  This game is {{{{{{{{{NOTHING}}}}}}}}}}}}}} like JA...  NOTHING!All these reviews saying, ""If you liked JA, you'll LOVE this game!""Most of the soldiers... have a 0-5% chance of hitting with their guns... and to get even a 50% chance to hit (which you only hit 10% of the time anyway), you have to be 3 paces in front of them, in which case you miss anyway, and they proceed to kill you instantly....HOW did this game get such raving reviews?   It's terrible."
,Not Recommended,254960,28909041,Posted: 1 January,all,Percy,"Stay away, wont work. It's a great game if you can get it to run on a PC older than 2006."
76561198006575070,Not Recommended,254960,9407832,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Akula,"Be warned, not for every Turn-based Strategy RPG lover. Heard those key words and thought ""Hey, I love all those things, why haven't I heard of this game before?""It's because it hasn't aged well. Some people dig it, cool for them, but I didn't have the patience to sit through turn after turn of watching my guys walk, crawl and run all over the map just to discover an enemy and get systematically boned. I'd be fine if they were quick about it, but even dying takes forever. Then you spend a turn shooting back (most likely missing from feet away), and repeat.Was it great for its time, I'm positive. I was impressed as the building I was cowering in crumbled around me, and by the different firing positions my sniper took when he shot through cracks in the floor. But if you're not playing for nostalgia, aren't a WWII fan, and expecting XCOM, bring a book.TLDNR: Very slow game. Perfect if you like watching games, decent if you like playing games, poor if comparing to modern games."
,Not Recommended,254960,25500051,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Geofferic,Very poorly optimized. Some missions can be lost with no explanation whatsoever. There is zero explanation of the game's mechanics.
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,254960,13484797,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Devorlast,"I understand that this is an old game and all but from that period of time there are quite a few games WAY better than this one. Jagged Alliance 2, Fallout 2 and tactics, Men of War, Commandos 2 and from more recent X-com for instance. I remember SS generating some hype back when it came out but after playing for a few hours I decided that looking at two soldiers standing in front of each other and shooting back and forth because they are both apparently blind is a waste of my time. Turns take for ever due to horrible AI on both sides and the fact that most soldiers are crosseyed and cant hit anything. It's a waste of time and money, many better turn based tactical games out there."
,Not Recommended,254960,13894166,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,-SambaL-,"For a title that came out in 2004 it felt way to clunky. Maybe i was expecting too much after getting more in to turn-based strategy games due to X-Comm:EU, but 15 minutes in and i was already disliking the gameplay of Silent Storm. Did the controls and features really have to be that over-complicated?Maybe it would have been more fun if i just sat through it all but i just didn't want to take that risk and possibly waste my time. It's fine if you did and you ended up enjoying it but personally i can't recommend it."
76561198051460017,Not Recommended,254960,10178804,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,MrArzha,Mission scripts so buggy that im uninstalling now without finishing the game. Too bad since its otherwise a very good piece of work. If you like turn based tactical games you will enjoy this game but only if you can get over the scripting issues.
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,254960,33120962,Posted: 2 July,all,HexeR,"The ragdoll ruined it for me.  Also the interface is clunky as all hell and made it a chore to navigate through.  X-COM managed to do it better from the early 90's, so how couldn't this?"
76561197970985802,Not Recommended,254960,12641386,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,rtbdmd,"People who like ""Jagged Alliance""  would like this, that is if it had any of the details and depth of that game.   Instead they get repetitive combat with a flimsy story linking the battles.  JA had a significant economic aspect that could keep you on a fairly short leash, limiting advancement and forcing you to make do.   Good guns were in short supply, ammo was hard to find and expensive.  In Silent Storm,  your supplier gives you free weapons and ammo while every enemy drops weapons and ammo.  After a few battles you have virtually everything you will ever need for this game.   Character progression is broken and many specialty items are not really worth the time.  Why lockpick when you can simply machine gun open locked doors and crates?  Enemy AI is dumb enough that all battles feel exactly the same.    AI in this game simply means ""move into visible range then move out if you have enough action points left"".    Many missions degenerate from first contact into ""lay all your guys into a line and snipe enemies as they come into your field of fire.   And almost all of them will, one after another like lemmings.   Huge piles of bodies do not deter them.  And conveniently they come one at a time so you never have to worry about being overhwelmed.It's a shame because the game system has promise but it's far too simplified to make a memorable game.   Feel like blowing ten bucks?   Go ahead - it's good enough for a few hours distraction.   But I was not hooked enough to bother finishing the game.  At least it didn't cost that much unlike that horrible xcom remake where they stripped out all of the aspects that made the original game fun."
76561198232143124,Not Recommended,254960,30482226,Posted: 12 March,all,DayMan,Tried to get into the game but it was overall just extremely boring and clunky. Based on the other reviews it almost seems like I'm playing a different game because this title is not deserving of a 90% rating.
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,254960,29569293,Posted: 29 January,all,kshid,A turn based strategy games that is frustrating because of the game play.  How and why things happen doesn't make sense.  Makes for very frustrating combat.
,Not Recommended,254960,9292406,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Bober,"Параша ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я. артифишиал дификулти♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Идешь по пустому корридору, интеррапт, прямо в упор к персу стоит враг и пускает очередь. Солдаты в броне умирают с двух очередей в упор или двух гранат под ногами.  И это на нормале, где урон по врагам 130% !!! Разминировать заряды? Не проблема, только времени не хватает чтобы до них добежать. В итоге игра превращается в сплошной save\load. На хуй и в ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥у!"
76561197988189103,Not Recommended,254960,33324755,Posted: 6 July,all,brezent,Thought it was a good game before started playing Axis side and read descriptions of members. I wonder is it possible to show at least a little respect to the history of your country Nival and do not put nationalistic and nazistic point of view in the game?
,Not Recommended,254960,12136029,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,djiaxin,no
76561198025861590,Not Recommended,254960,12884886,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Klyf,"Very simply put, NOT WORTH BUYING. A waste of trash!!"
76561197973545135,Recommended,254960,7314901,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Staypuft,One of the best turn-based squard command games I have ever had the luxury of playing. So happy this finally came to steam! The game takes place during WW2 and you can either fight for the allies or the axis. The members of your squad level up and yopu are able to equip them with whatever weapons you choose. The destructible environments allow you to kill a house full of enemies by simply placing dynamite around the building. Just crazy good. The sniper aiming feature is phenominal allowing you to improve your aim on a distant target by aiming over multiple turns.Anything under ten bucks for this title is worth every penny. X-Com should have taken more pointers from this great title. If you are a fan of X-Com or Jagged Alliance games this is a must have.
,Recommended,254960,9963940,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Azuvector,"Excellent turn based strategy game. WWII + scifi. The destructible terrain makes things interesting; blowing a wall open can get you into or out of a room that's otherwise covered heavily. If you like X-Com, be it the original or the new one, you'll probably like Silent Storm."
,Recommended,254960,9189605,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ONE MORE LIGHT,เป็นเกมเเนววางเเผน บน RPG  AI game ทำออกมาได้เก่ง เเต่ไม่ถือว่าฉลาดอะไรมาก เเล้วเกมค่อนข้างยากพอตัว ผมชอบตั่งเเต่เ้กมมันยังไม่ลง steam เลยละ เเนะนำลองกดซื้อมาเล่นได้เลย นะครับ
76561198074138121,Recommended,254960,7302750,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,MIKOLA,"The best tactical strategy game ever existed! Originally created in 2004, but now it runs not only at win xp :PXCom, JA and Commandos series smell like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥if to compare with SS. Game that will stay with you forever, just try it."
,Recommended,254960,7400658,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,CPT Rhodes,A Sci-Fi RPG set in WW2 Europe; fully destructable environments; deep RPG elements; Intense turn based and real time gameplay; a true gem.
76561198026635261,Recommended,254960,11654844,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Donnie'sDiabetes,"Absolutely brilliant and intense gameplay, that requires strategy rather that spray and pray rubbish.Also the level of destruction allows for random yet very interesting changes to the environment that change the way you complete each level entirely."
,Recommended,254960,13276532,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,WolfenKommando75,"Silent Storm, a unique play on the world in 1943. The game puts you in command of a 6 man squad from either Allies or Axis, with you in Command plus 5 Commandos from various nationalities. You can customize your character and see them through the war till the end!Pros:- VERY unique, and VERY fun to play.- Every choice you make in the field effects the flow of battle, which can give you a HUGE variety of different strategies.- Your character's class and arsenal are nearly endless, with a huge variety of SMGs, Rifles, LMGs, Grenades the list is endless.- You have a large selection of Commandos to choose from, each with their own unique personality and class, use each to their full effect and you'll see the enemy cowering in fear!-You have a huge amount of missions and areas to discover and explore, finding weapons, gear, and new allies (or enemies) to see you through your journey (or end your journey.)- You can find a lovely secret weapon near the game which mixes man and machine into one.- This game is challenging, even at the lowest difficulty enemy troops can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and some missions can seem impossible, but with a open mind and the right team and loadout, you can achieve victory even when it has slipped past the jaws of defeat!- Mods can often fix some of the smaller problems, like Uniforms and that sorts.Cons:- Graphics aren't the best. (IF you care.)- The game can be overwhelming at the start for new players, I suggest looking up some tutorials and playing the training.- Sometimes the things NPCs say can be repetitive and downright annoying, it will take time to get used to the repeating.- The game's main story is overall what you will be doing, there is little free roaming to do aside, some random encounters. (Which are often repeats of the last.)"
,Recommended,254960,14389144,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mayor Milo,"Silent Stormis a great challenging WWII strategy game. It really gets your adrenaline pumping when you see the destructible terrain going boom and you having to work your way around it because you had three guys in there. The character creation is, surprisingly, pretty cool. Unfortunately, the leveling doesn't work that well so you have to download the ""Skill Watchdog"" mod to get things working properly.I highly reccommend this game to those who love theCommandosgame series."
76561198009062493,Recommended,254960,14896738,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Redtail,"2nd time I have owned this. Traded it away on Goozex... so happy to have it again in my library.Right up at the top of my list for turn based games. Not as good as JA2, but as close as any other game has come.Slow and patient players game. AI can be... ""special"" at times.If you like turn based combat games, a fan of X-com, JA2, then there is ni reason not to give this game a try.I just paid $2.49 and that bought me 15 hours of smiles so far.Like an old friend come home."
,Recommended,254960,11924574,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,13xforever,"This is one of the best turn-based squad tactics out there, right on par with classic X-Com games."
76561198031536401,Recommended,254960,11574760,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,The Misanthrope,I remember this game as a modest yet impressive tactical RPGer  that never quite got the attention it deserved.  Well worth the 2 dollars and some change if you like these types of games.
76561198049110576,Recommended,254960,11589166,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SoundSoull,"I haven't played it much yet, but I really see this as being a fun game. I like the turn based fighting and how the controls work. I usually don't enjoy birds eye view/ 3rd person, but it makes the game better and easier to control since you play as a squad of people not just one. I highly recomend this game."
76561197973019231,Recommended,254960,613041,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Syn_Invictus,If you like killing Nazis and tactics you need this game!
,Recommended,254960,18861418,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,b     x     h,One of the best turn based games I ever played. Highly recommended to play.
76561198031154706,Recommended,254960,4040092,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,starlizard70,This is an awesome turn based combat game. It also has a great modding community going.
76561198151956731,Recommended,254960,18755358,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,no hope left,"20/10, hope the devs do more with this engine/IP/series even.Wow."
76561198059800377,Recommended,254960,19074047,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MR.MM,[SILENT STORM SENTINEL]Defeating first 5 level until that bomb mission alone until that BOMB MissionI realized I cannot Take out 4 guys without squadmate!
76561198219997461,Recommended,254960,19117244,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Lucario,Good Game!Play Again & Ever!
,Recommended,254960,14640938,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,mlbane,Loved it back in the late 90's and love it again now!
,Recommended,254960,14323077,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TheTugasPT,"I played this game for the first time when I was 12 years old (<3 memories). Couldnt do much cause my PC had an pentium CPU and it had some struggles to run the game. This means played some mission with 10 FPS and then it crashed or it got a bluescreen.This week I started to play this game again even though its not the best in its class (i would bet CoH & CoH 2 is) I would like and i mean really realy like to see a release of SilentStorm 4, huge fan of this type of games. And the gameplay, the set, the story, the large weapon selection, the detailed background story of each character, the perks its a game that I would still play in 2020, no mather how old and bad the graphics are."
76561198081091822,Recommended,254960,15020490,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Trampod,"Totally the best Turn-Based game of all times. None of the current games can't even touch it's toes.Here are some aspects of the bame that I can think of (they are not sorted in any way, I just write what I think you should know about this game).It has destructible enviroment.Option to shoot specific parts of body.If you get shot in hand you may drop weapon or accidentaly pull trigger.If shot in leg there is possibility that you wont be able to walk.Head - blindnes or deafnes (in case you actualy survive it).The bullets actualy fly (if you miss then the bullet hit something else in its path).If the weapon is strong enough then you can shoot thrue objects (or people).Good stealth system.You can locate enemies by hearing.Durability of weapons (they get damaged by using and they can jam).YOU CAN DESTROY LOCKED DOORS! - No more you can't go hear because there are locked wooden doors and your rocket launcher can't make even a scratch on them.Climbing on objects. - You can make hole in ceiling/floor and them climb up/jump down to get somewhere quicker.Creating your own character.Choosing who is in your squad.Grenades can bounce of of surfaces.Great inventory system.Size of items does matter.You can choose your stance (prone, crouch, walk, run).It affects your aiming and how hard it is to shoot you.Ok, this is all I can think of right now. Maybe I forgot some thing but other reviews will probably mention them.And now I will tell you two of my favourite moments from playing this game.One is about the great possibilities and the other about hilarious moments I had with this game.First (possibilities):Objective: Get into basement of building (Enemy Base) and get files from their archive.Its heavyly guarded building with couple dozens of guards, machinegund at front entrance. So it is really heavyly guarded.The guards didn't know about me so I decided I will try stealth aproach. At least at the begining of mission.Around the base was fence so I send my guy with wire clipers to make a hole in them.My team got to the back doors.My engineer noticed the door was rigged with explosives.He defused the bomb, but unfortunatly it was locked.I forgot to bring lockpicks and I had no time to return for them.Send my heavy weapons guy to work as ""locksmith"".He took his woodcutting axe (the doors were wooden by the way) and started making way for the team.Team gets in.It is some office. Nothing useful to steal so we move on.Gets into hallway. There are two guards.Throw grenade. One is dead the other is wounded. Shoots the other one. Other one is dead.Stairs are on the other side of hallway, together with bunch of guards.Archive is right under me, so I would have to get to the staircase then to the archive and the same way back to my exit.But this is Silent Storm and not some lowlevel game from current age.I noticed the grenade I threw made hole in wooden floor.I send two members down to get to archive and rest holds the guards.Two down in the archive do what they must and climb back up.Whole team use the back door to escape and complete the mission.Second (hilarious moment):Situation: Alies are in the middle of crossroad and three (maybe four, but it doesn't matter) groups of enemies attack them, each from different side.One of the groups, consisted of leader with handgun and another four with SMGs.First one of the soldiers starts shooting. Long burst, some bullets hit his target, but nothing serious.*Leader: Can't you shoot more accuretly? Now I'll show you how it is done.*(the parts in ** are what I imagined the leader was thinking)Leader starst aiming with his gun and shoots.Bullet hits hight in his soldiers back.*Leader: Well, that didn't go as I planed. Let's try again.*Shoots again. Again hits his soldier.*Leader: What the hell!? This can't be right. I'm the leader, I must be able to shoot properly.*Shoots again. And again. And again.But all he hits is his own soldier.*Leader: ♥♥♥♥ this. I never liked this job anyway.*Leader takes out fragmentation grenade and throws it.The granade falls right in front of him, in the middle of his squad, killing (ar at least mortaly wounding) everyone in it.After that I couldn't do anything but laugh.It was one of the most hilarious moments I experienced in gaming.11/10 Always will be better then current generation of Turn-Based Games."
,Recommended,254960,7543861,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Rovlemhage,"I've been meaning to write a recommendation for this game sense I really got a chance to play it,(a play session that didn't end till one in the morning.) But to had done so would have meant I wasn't playing the game. A lot of people liken this to x-com or other Turn Based Tactical Squad games. And it does it well, cept for the grenade's ranges,(but there is a mod for that.) The inventory management is fairly well done, and the shooting feels nice. IF the screen shots of the game look a bit dated. It's because the game shows it's age. But while it's graphics could use a sprucing up the game play is still solid. And for me that's what counts. Now if you'll excuse me I've spent enough time typing this, it's time to get back to playing it."
76561198035695298,Recommended,254960,19689562,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Wybloc,"One of the greatest games I've ever played, good mechanics and destructible enviroment."
76561198164086258,Recommended,254960,27555019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grey Mouser,"Ignore the lack of hours....'go to' game for a decade. A desert Island disc.Ignore the late game nonsense and either restart, or install a mod to remove the mech suits.This and JA 2(with 1.13 mod) and you could pass many a contented year on your island."
76561198140846043,Recommended,254960,27973111,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GoodWi9,One of the best in its genre!
76561198031486819,Recommended,254960,15029963,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Explorer,"(Note: Game time does not count offline play) ...said that...Wow! It seems to help reading the reviews... otherwise I wouldn't have considered buying this game...If you like games like X-Com, Silent Storm Improves almost every aspect of the formula.It's not Sci-Fi, that's obvious... but when missions can take Hours of careful tactical choices....That's just Great Gameplay!If you like Turn-based Games this Gem from 2003 won't disappoint you ;)"
76561198086400081,Recommended,254960,27545513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MurxusMaximus,"Even aged this game is still the successor to tactic games like UFO/XCOM and Jagged Alliance. Within it's own (alternative) universe and lore mainly on historical WWII an interesting story, strategic play that allows for ones own pace and interesting main missions (tho the complete story is linear its sections can be played in different order).Even the modern XCOM is no where near the tactical depth, destructible! terrain and variety on tactical options. Tho nomagicpsy but instead somepowersteam armors."
,Recommended,254960,27810578,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,7uker,"My all-time favorite turn based strategy game. Very enjoable slow paced gameplay and good story. I don't now if it is only me, but graphics are timeless and very good even in 2016.For good experience you must aply a patch to render graphics correctly. (ask google)"
,Recommended,254960,27884052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HobBoSS,"Old-school turn-based tactics.Pro:Nazi's secret weapons, lots and lots of unique firearms with different ballistics an other specs. FUlly-destructable levels, almost realphysics - those russian developers made it before Havok engine became a king :)Contra:Kinda naive screenplayPixel-hunting to collect all loot from level, Silent Storm: Sentinels fixed that crap by doing after-level loot menu.Nostalgic and addictive game-tim-killer. One more sudden encounter, one more nazi to kill, one more grenage to throw - and I am gonna sleep. Maybe. Not today."
76561198113333048,Recommended,254960,27865904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpeedEgoist,"Not perfect, but solid turn-based squad action strategy. It's got tons of weapons, destructable levels, satisfying shooting, complex but believeable rule set. It is coming from 2005, but im my opinion it holds up very well ten years after release, It is still fun setting up inventories before battle, taking out overwhelming enemy force with just your 6 dudes, and then pillaging through the loot to take the best items with you as supplies or upgrades.Controls are good, graphics are fine, runs on modern systems (win 7, at least) in widescreen with couple of tweaks."
76561198177878247,Recommended,254960,27697558,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pickupsticks,"I play this ALL turn-based, without letting the real-time bits kick in.  Am I having the wrong kind of fun?In any event though, this is such a solid game and endlessly replayable that I don't care what kind of fun I'm having.8/10, would shoot through walls from the opposite side of the map again."
76561197994957357,Recommended,254960,27724684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Утиральничек,Great oldschool tactical rpg with all things able to destruct model and historically correct weapon (the first part of the game).In the middle of the game (WARNING: SPOILER!) it takes dieselpunk atmosphere with tends to be epic.
76561198093947970,Recommended,254960,28494170,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,tbcolts61,"This game is pretty fun, but dang is it tough. This is probably for those who are already fairly decent at turn-based strategy games."
