user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,255070,13971372,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Abyss Odyssey is one of those games where the plot is clearly spelled out...in the title. As Katrien, Pincoya, or the Ghost Monk, you must brave the depths, fight countless abominations, and end the Warlock's demonic nightmares. This is a rather unique game, with its combination of rogue-like elements, fighting game mechanics, and semi-cooperative play.There are three paths available, though the player can sometimes detour into either of the other paths. This may be necessary to access special events such as boss-fights, arenas, and meetings with strange individuals. The bosses are self-explanatory, but the arenas put you in control of a random adversary. One of the selling points of this game is that nearly everyone you fight is playable, and they all have their own move-sets. Completing these arenas restores your character's HP and grants them a summon. Think of it as a third life-bar, which is necessary because healing opportunities are few and far between in the Abyss. If your heroine (or hero) is wiped out, a random soldier will take their place. If he dies, it's all over (unless you spent a checkpoint token), but he can revive the main characters if he uncovers a shrine.The combat is a bit tricky to get used to, and starting players shouldn't even think of touching the nightmare mode. My advice is to play defensively, but don't just sit around blocking. There's a lot of maneuvering in this game, and you'll find yourself fighting just for a better position. In short, you want to push your enemies against the wall so you can easily juggle them to death. As a fighting game, AO features standard attacks like anti-airs, pokes, dash-attacks, and so on. Coming to grips with everything will take practice, as you can't really approach this title like Street Fighter, Smash Bros. or even Mortal Kombat. It shares elements of all those games, but it does its own thing with them, which might be offputting to some. Keep in mind also that stage layouts can change the way a fight plays out. Expect to be outnumbered 4 to 1, or dealing with traps while fighting. Something as simple as a platform or a wall can change things dramatically.Aside from danger, the Abyss is also home to a number of merchants and treasures. Gold can be spent to buy equipment and healing items, though good luck ever finding something you actually need. The main characters can also level-up, which provide very slight stat-boosts. Experience and gold are persistent through every odyssey, however once you die you lose everything else.While there is a standard Versus mode, typically your interactions with other players will be semi-cooperative. I say semi because AO is one of the rare games where players can hurt each other. An option was recently added to turn this off, which is nice, but I guess the developers aren't particularly fond of its inclusion. This design-decision was employed so that players simply don't spam moves all the time and trivialize fights. When playing with a friend (or a complete stranger) you have to time your attacks, fight nearby opponents, or even ""tag-in"" during prolonged fights if one player is low on health. All that said, turning off friendly-fire doesn't affect anything aside from one of the achievements, and it's a pain to get since it involves playing through nightmare mode (more aggressive AI, bosses tend to have assistants, etc).It's safe to say that Abyss Odyssey, isn't for everyone. Yes I know that is one of the most overused descriptions on the planet, but it definitely applies here. The fighting system can appear wonky and random, it gets frustrating when you can't land a hit for anything,  and what's with every game having rogue-like elements? Maybe I want to keep my stuff when I die! Ever thought of that!? But...whatever. I can't promise anything, but this game is good enough for me."
,Recommended,255070,16885145,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Tom,"Abyss Odyssey is a platforming action rogue-like type game released in mid 2014 on PC and consoles, although sadly there are only approximately 70k owners of this game on SteamYou play as Katrien as you try and stop a Warlock who is at the bottom of an abyss. The warlock's dreams are infecting reality and must be stopped!The gameplay is very simple. You have a number of different attacks which you can also unlock and upgrade their abilities and power through leveling up. You also have a number of a different spells which again can be improved by spending talent points in them.  There is also a block/parry system in the game; however I had very little need to use them even on the harder stages.The combat system is very easy to grasp. It follows the same sort of system as beat'em up games and you can quite easily pull of a couple of cool combos.  Throughout the game; there are also shops in which you can purchase equipment and weapons, these offer special effects such as being able to charm an enemy to fight on your side, which is something a little different to add some variety to your gameplay. The art is actually based on the Nouveau movement.The graphics are standard 2D style, but the art style is beautiful; it sets the mood and the atmosphere is perfectly portrayed through the art.  The backgrounds on each level are gorgeous, even though most of them look dark and deathy (is that a word ?). Speaking of the levels; they are all procedural generated; no playthrough will ever be the same which adds tons of replay ability to this type of game. There are three stages of difficulty to each level, Easy, Normal and Hard. You are able to tell which difficulty each stage is by using the map system in the game which easily shows you a path you take, and maybe if you want to readjust your course to skip a few hard stages, you can.After you finish one playthrough, you unlock a different set of levels; however there seems to be a community based unlock system in the game too; once a certain number of players defeat final bosses on each stage, the next phase of the game unlocks which is something I've not seen before apart from in MMOs.Roguelikes are one of my favorite genre's of games; this has the feature of not actually resetting you completely after you die, you get to keep your gold in order to buy weapons/equipment on your next run through, you also stay the same level, meaning you can grind out a few levels and then eventually you'll be able to take down the final boss.I managed to complete a couple of playthroughs in the two and a half hours I have been playing so far; and I am still enjoying it thoroughly; this kind of feels a little bit like Risk of Rain, while although not as complex, it still has feel to it with the equipment side of things.The game needs to be played with a controller; don't even attempt to play it with your keyboard.I can easily recommend Abyss Odyssey; I will certainly be keeping it installed on my PC for the odd jump in every now and again. Rogue-like fans will love it.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/"
,Recommended,255070,11249890,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Yashabo,"Fun game so far. This is a Beat em up / rogue like with some RPG elements. You decend down levels each having a merchant and a ""potential"" save point at the end. you find weapons as you decend deeper but it looks like the majority of your items will be bought. when you die you get a much weaker hero that carries your weapon and any keys you dropped when you died and if he makes it to the end of the level your original hero gets ressurected.If you decide to quit without saving which costs 9000 gold for a save token you start from the top of the tower but your hero level and gold stay with you but you lose all items. So it seems you need to run this a few times without buying any equipment so you can save for good stuff to beat it. I decended about 1/2 way down the tower in an hour so it seems to have a game length of binding of issac but a much better equipment/money system.ProsGraphics - pretty cool graphics style.Levels and money earned dont disapear - makes it feel like your not starting from scratch when you quit or die.Co-Op - playing with your friends should be funLooks like there are lots of heros to unlock to add to the replayability factorConsSave Token - For people that dont play for more than a few hours at a time you have to spend a decent amount of gold to save your progress down the tower, so if you cant play for more than an hour or two at a time you might want to think hard about getting this.Controls - Right now Configurations for controllers except the 360 controller are buggy (my Logitech F710 doesnt work right) the keyboard and mouse controlls are doable but not recomended. So unless you have a Xbox 360 controller I would wait a few for a patch.Over all the game is good , I just think it needs a little fine tuning. for the sale price of 9.99 im happy with it. full price of 15 bucks should be worth it once the problems are fixed."
76561198040295426,Recommended,255070,17964726,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"I was intrigued by all the negative reviews mentioning the controls. Seems like everyone agrees something is not right but they can't quite put their fingers on it. ""Feels heavy"" some say, ""jumping is awkward"" others say. So I bought it out of curiosity! Before buying the game I even had a theory about the jump profile, but my theory was wrong.I find the movements ok. Nothing particularly good or bad about it. It's functional. Grabbing ledges can be annoying at times though. The combat, with all honesty, is actually pretty damn good! I was shocked and surprised by it, judging by my low expectations. I am not sure why the poor reviews focus on that aspect. Maybe people went in expecting something alike Dust: An Elysian Tail, which has a very fluid and easy fighting mechanics. You can just mash the buttons in different ways and there's always a new combo there. But Abyss Odyssey is a completely different deal. Combat is extremely tactical, your movements are not instantaneous and you are not invulnerable while attacking, so you have to plan when to attack, watch your timing, be aware of other enemies around you, use defense correctly, use evasion etc etc. It reminds me a lot of Dark Souls actually. Not so unforgiving, fortunately, but the pacing is similar and it also requires focus and skill.I still haven't finished the game, and some reviews made sure to point out that the game becomes unforgivable during the nightmare modes (each level has a random difficulty level). So I might change my recommendation if these modes are bad enough to make me dislike the game altogether.So I find the combat good and the controls ok, what else? Yeah, the rest of the game is not successfully engaging me I'm afraid. First time I played I died pretty quickly, but the second time went on forever! I was starting to get tired and I wanted to stop playing the game but I never died, I just kept going and going and going. The environments are all too similar and the gameplay doesn't change in any way. I find the progression very tedious so far. Probably (this is me just guessing now) the game lacks more gameplay elements. There is platforming, but it's trivial challenge, and the controls wouldn't even support more than that. I'm thinking it needs sections with a slower pace, so we can catch our breath, look at the scenery, absorb some of the story, solve a couple of puzzles. I'm digressing now though.This is my recommendation with a handful of salt (instead of a pinch, get it?). It's an interesting thing this game, I'm glad I bought it, even if I lose interest before finishing it."
,Recommended,255070,11254686,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,KFV,"Abyss Odysseyfeels like a mix between alot of different games.The combat and the combat system feel like the Super Smash Bros games.The combat area gets isolated so that you can't run until you've fought your foes, much like in the Devil May Cry(or other Hack n' Slash/Slay)games.When you die you'll have to start again from the beginning(except you have a checkpoint token), much like in rogue like games like Rogue Legacy or Binding of Isaac.Otherwise than that, the game has 3 playable main characters (from which you have to unlock 2 first) and the ability to capture enemy souls and play as these, nice combat (you have to get used to it first), a really basic story that no one actually should care about, a lack of tutorials so that you'll be confused until you've figured things out on your own and a really short play time (I played through the whole game thrice on the release day... in just 5 hours (2.6 h for the first playthrough, 1.4 for the second, 1h for the third (as you can say from my times, there's not much of a challenge after the first playthrough))).Final conclusion:Overall I had alot of fun playing this game, but considering how short it is (and not everyone want's to play through the game multiple times) and the fact that the challenge will decrease very fast after the first playthrough,I wouldn't recommend buying this game for it's full 15$ price."
76561198037739127,Not Recommended,255070,11357708,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TattleTale,"As much as I wanted this game to work, it simply does not. The idea is solid, but the controls just don't respond in real-time combat. The monsters defend against your tactics quickly, but your ability to react is lost in a highly-limited, unresponsive combat UI. The game looks like it would be so fun, if only you could hit back; just getting your character to face the right direction is a chore. You can execute combos all day in the training dojo (against a motionless combat dummy), but none of those moves will work once the UI tries to interact with the AI."
76561198009662092,Not Recommended,255070,11370392,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jimby,"** EDIT **The developers did tweak this game to make it more responsive, and the feel of combat in the game is no longer the dismal creature it was when I wrote my original review.  Ultimately, the long-form mechanics of the game bored me, and I still can't recommend it as a masterpiece for anyone (such as castle crashers), but it is now at least a competent game, and not the steaming pile I encountered when it first came out.Consider buying it if you are on the fence, to support devs who do their best to change from criticism, but don't expect too much or you'll probably be disappointed.** /EDIT **I heard the devs tuned the controls to make them more responsive, which is shocking, because the patched version is one of the most unresponsive brawlers I've ever played.  It's Bad Dudes NES bad.  Turning to face the other direction is a chore and moves spend more time finishing animations than they do starting them.  Essentially, you're vulnerable whenever actual strategy is required, which means the only way to progress is to stay out of the action and spam cheap shots.  This lack of engagement is only compounded by the limited number of attacks available.  Not only is the combat unengaging, it is extremely reptitive.The only thing that stops the game from being completely unplayable is that the AI is tuned to be moronic.  This may be incidental, as the enemies are also designed to be player characters.  Either way, they're adding nothing to the combat experience, other than cheap shots when you're facing the wrong direction.I want to like this game, it's got many creative notions and the presentation is fantastic, but it's just not fun to play.  I have my fingers crossed that the developers will continue to tweak it into a more engaging product, but my skepticism is high based on what I've experienced so far."
76561198091684090,Not Recommended,255070,11423634,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Vindaxius,"I really wanted to like this game.  The ability to play as all the characters you fought by capturing their souls was appealing, and I was thinking there would be many characters to unlock and many abilities to master.But 'unlocking' a character means capturing its soul and using the character at least once because you never get to start or customize any except for the 3 that you're allowed to start a dungeon with.  And then the captured soul character is basically just a damage sponge as you explore the abyss.That being said, the combat is decent.  Attacks flow into one another nicely and it's easy to get an intuitive sense of combat motion.  However movement during combat is extremely clunky due to you only being able to walk unless you have an ability that includes a running start.  And most enemies have good weapons reach so jumping is fairly pointless unless you're facing something on four legs that you can't just use dodge to avoid.The construction of the dungeons themselves are extremely linear which makes them rather boring.  They're never technically identical, but they're all basically the same.  Once you've finished your first run top to bottom of the abyss, there really isn't anything surprising that gets thrown at you.I enjoy rogue games generally, but this one just doesn't leave any rewards at the end of your trip and doesn't give you anything to work for.  You enter a room, kill 2 things, then explore the map until you run into another 2 things that need to be killed.  Do this for 15 minutes aaaand boss fight.  Repeat until you win. Then repeat the whole cycle until the monotony breaks the game for you."
,Recommended,255070,11291064,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Aetrym,"I'd like to break the game down for you in this review. I'm gonna talk about the combat mechanics, the visuals, and the various features that make it stand out as a platformer/fighting game. When reading about this game you see it compared to Super Smash Brothers, Dark Souls, ect. The truth is that with its combined features, Abyss Odyssey does not at all play like any of the games anyone is comparing it to. So, in an effort to give you a realistic perspective of what you can expect in this game, lets get started.The first thing to open up is the combat. The combat in Abyss Odyssey seems to be difficult for some people to grasp and understand without playing -and it is difficult. you have several moves at your disposal...Light attack - This is the basic one-two punch for most characters. a light attack can be performed stationary to perform a one-two combo, or while moving forward to deliver a leading blow. Light attacks can also be executed in the air, and you are able to direct them up, down, left, right, and neutral (no direction).Special attack - this attack behaves differently than the standard attack. while playing as a main character, you will unlock their special attacks over time. Each special attack behaves differently, and characters each have a completely unique moveset. Special attacks are performed by pressing the special attack button combined with up, down, left and right. Performing a neutral special attack will simply execute the left/right attack in the direction you are facing. Special attacks can be performed in air, and the only directions you can attack with them are the direction the animation sends you. (often a special attack is a lunge, dive, fireball, projectile, and will typically propel you in some direction, though every move is different.)Guard - Blocking works like you would expect. Holding the block will bring up a ""shield"" displayed as a circular Chilean art design, which will protect you form some ammount of damage before shattering. after shattering, it will be unusable for some time, and the decorative circle turns bright red for all to see. To parry one must simply block the attack ""at the right time"" there is no way to gauge this timing other than to learn it naturally by playing.Cancel points - this is really all there is left to talk about for the combat, and its the most important part! Cancel points allow you to chain your moves together to create unique combos. Unlike Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat, you create the combos yourself -There is no premade list of garbled button controls to refer to. This said, cancel points were the hardest concept of Abyss Odyssey for me to learn however, once I did I became able to beat the game in about an hour.There are several different ways to cancel, but lets define cancel for this game first. A cancel is a method of ""move interuption,"" meaning you will be interupting your attacks before they finish...with either a special attack, or dodge. So read that last part again if you are totally confused by this. Here's an example of how this works:You perform a light attack, almost immediately after the attack, you can activate your up special attack, which will cause a brief flash of light to indicate you have used a cancel point, followed immediately by your up special attack. You can take this even farther, by activating a different special attack just after your last one, and chain them together. You can do this up to three times, and then it will require a cooldown. the cooldown is only in effect if you arent dodgeing or attacking for 0.5 seconds. You can also cancel with dodges. This allows for fluid attack patterns.Whew, now that all thats done lets go on to talk about the visual style and qualities of Abyss Odyssey. All of Abyss Odysseys undergound generated levels is themed after a vibrant jungle, a glacial cavern, a graveyard, fire, that sort of thing. they all look marvelous, and you'll always have something pretty to look at, whether its the detailed characters, (with maybe the exception of the wraith -has always looked like kind of a lazy character model/concept to me. Still my main though.) or the lush backgrounds.Now, I don't know too much about Chilean art style, or really what it attempts to model itself after, but I'll say this. The designs that show up in the game are clearly a labor of love. The sheer ammount of detail that comes along with this style is overwhelming -not to mention is something completely fresh. I mean, all of a sudden I'm learning about chilean folklore and all the weird, crazy monsters this world has to offer. It provides a new atmosphere for losing yourself in, and those that explore the Warlocks journal will be even further immersed in a well-written backstory of the warlocks life and the reason for the various monsters in the abyss. My favorite part about the story is that its unique. In a world where game narrative is becoming suprisingly boring and blurred together, its always welcome when someone provides a fresh story.Now I just wanna list some cool various features of this game and then go play it so...Unlockable characters - there are only 3 main characters, but the real fun is collecting all the monster souls. each character can transform into, and capture enemy souls enabling them to take their form, and moveset. The enemy souls are important because they have their own hp bar you can use to soak up damage before laying waste with your main character. to capture one, all you have to do is hit the enemy with your capture attack (a large blue orb that appears in front of you that does DoT) and then kill it. Your chance to capture the enemy monster goes up with your level.Hard - Look, I didn't say it much in the review because its a major selling point for the game, but I REALLY like the difficulty level of this game. It throws out the hand-holding, the tutorial levels, the handicaps, and just drops you in to the conflict. What some fail to realize is that its this lack of information when begining a game that creates the mystique of the continuity. The less we know going in, the more reason we have to keep playing to discover the world.2 player coop, 4 player battle - yep, this ones coming to a couch near you. You have the ability to unlock every character in the game (with the exception of spiders, fish, and other enviornment enemies.)Cons - There are some bugs here and there, and any major complaints about the design or mechanics of the game are likely to be met with ""we're just a small indie team."" But I hope we don't forget that these small teams are much more willing to break mainstream game design concepts. And speaking objectively, the AO team is really making the community part of the game. The entire concept of this game is based on the community working together to beat the Warlocks nightmare. I'm really excited to see how it turns out.Honestly, this game needs a demo like everyone else is saying. the combat is just not for everyone. It takes time to learn, but not much if you play videogames regularly. Thats the end!"
76561198059516636,Recommended,255070,13704814,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,wow this game surprised me!!!pros:+combat system is unique and addictive.+AI is smart.+you can play as naked sea princess.+you can play as any monster you see in the game.+nice art style+randomly generated levels.cons:-coop sometimes get bugged or lagged.-you will lose the weapon and items when you diebut you will keep the gold.8/10
76561198077869887,Recommended,255070,33150888,Posted: 2 July,all,AHordeofBunnies,"I'm not sure why suddenly this game has mostly negative recent reviews. Maybe because it is on sale many people who wouldn't typically buy this game are buying it and not liking it. Watch some gameplay, and if it looks like something you would enjoy, my advice is to get it. It is beautiful and caught my imagination by delving into a mythology that fewer people are familiar with (Chilean folklore). I had fun and it IS skill-based in spite of what some other reviewers would have you believe. It just requires a lot of practice to get good at.My only gripe is that when I played it the co-op was not the best due to the furious action, funky camera, and friendly fire.I absolutely do NOT regret buying it though, I have over 200 games (yea i know small potatoes to some) but this is one of the ones I finished."
,Recommended,255070,17725566,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Apsalar,"""You are not wrong, who deem that my days have been a dream...Allthat we see or seem, is but a dream within a dream.""- Edgar Allan PoeI'll start with a quick breakdown of the common gameplay paradigms found in Abyss Odyssey so you understand the basic structure from which the game's extraordinary dream poetry is built.  Furthermore, Steam tagging can obfuscate a game's nature as easily as it can enumerate it, so I generally find it helpful to reconcile the competing descriptions.""Battle is an orgy of disorder.""-George S. PattonAt its heart Abyss Odyssey is a brawler.  As in any other brawler the player moves through discrete play fields (""rooms"") attempting to beat the crap out of, well, everyone.  Control is simple to pick up though as you continue to play new vistas of subtleties and complexities to be mastered reveal themselves.  Again, like most other brawlers, the game is built to be played with a controller (in fact, a controller is so crucial to this game that it's a condition of my recommendation).  One button is basic attack, one button is special attack (also called ""light"" and ""heavy""), and there's jump and block and dodge etc etc- and then there are conditional controls for things like npc interaction.  The conformity with tradition makes combat feel intuitive and the controls are extremely tight and responsive.Then why, you ask, am I getting repeatedly slaughtered by crowds of ridiculously skilled and clever enemies, in what looks and feels like ""an orgy of disorder""?I have two things to say to that. First, in addition to being a brawler, AOd is a roguelite.  You will die repeatedly but take solace in the fact that your characters will keep their levels and gold (but not their items) for the next run. The rooms, enemies, loot, etc, are all proceduraly generated from a limited set of predetermined allowable variable combinations. So don't worry about the map too much. Besides, once you get your skills right, a run from start to final boss on normal only takes a few hours (and doesn't ""end"" the game).Second, what appears to be chaos is in fact highly refined technique moving very quickly.  You'll notice that pressing different directions and using different timing even just with your basic attacks will result in an enormous variety of moves.  Your enemies have just as many, and they know how to use them.  They are clever.  If you stand there blocking waiting for them to come to you they won't.  They will either try to get around behind your back and grapple you or they will wait for a comrade with a guard break move to arrive so they can all hack you to pieces as a team as soon as you are exposed. They also will not fall for the same combo more than once or twice, then if you try it again they'll find exploits. What often appears as chaos is actually your enemies coordinating their attacks for best effect. The maps are always different, the enemy combinations are always different...eventually you'll need to think on your toes and be creative about your brawl.In some ways it's comparable to a very very fast, 2D Dark Souls: every battle has the potential to be fatal. And once I started to get the patterns and the flow of the controls I had that same familiar Dark Souls feeling- that I lost because of human error, but it's in my ability to win.“I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.”- Haruki Murakami""Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake up in the day to find it was vanity, but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, to make it possible.”- T.E. LawrenceThe setting of AOd is a vaguely Brazilian early 19th century city under which a great...abyss...has opened.  Deep down at the very bottom of the pit a mysterious warlock conjures strange shifting realms filled with nightmare creatures.  In fact, it slowly becomes apparent that the abyss is indeed a figment of the warlock's dreams...and perhaps you are too. After all, how else do you explain the elusiveness of your own death?I call it a setting rather than a plot because evoking a fundamentally poetic context for the game is evidently far more important than providing a traditional storyline.  If you are looking for a coherent plot arc with a tidy bow, you'll have to look elsewhere.  But the poetry! The game drips on the one hand with the heady unease, even terror, of that moment before you're able to seperate the dream from the waking day.  And on the other hand, it oozes the narcotic stupor that always accompanies the most ornate dream-nonsense.The character design is a perfect fit for the setting- beautifully hand-drawn and styled after the posters and ads of the French Post-Impressionists of the 1890s (think Toulouse-Lautrec) but augmented with a far richer and deeper color palette.  The levels are lush and overwrought, depicting feelings and sensations more accurately than places and materials.I'll stop here before this becomes a master's thesis.  I hope it's clear by now that I have added this game to my list of games that offer very strong evidence for my assertion that video games are a legitimate and important literary medium.Highly recommended.  But this game is hard, and...eccentric.  A lot of the early criticism came from mistaken expectations about its paradigms.  But it's also really beautiful and poetic.  Most importantly, it's quality work that is both engaging and enjoyable.EDIT: I realized rewatching my video I should probably mention the enemy soul capturing mechanic.  There are 3 main playable characters (1 start, 2 unlock) but if your level is far enough above theirs you can capture the soul ofanyenemy in the game. Once you've captured a particular creature that soul will occasionally appear for sale at shops. At any time you can only hold one soul, but you can take its form at will.  The soul-form has its own lifebar and the soul is yours until you drop it or its life is fully depleted.  If your main character dies, besotted soldiers will give their lives in an attempt to reach an altar and revive you.  So in most cases you effectively have three life bars to go through before game over.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=506817422No Drama, Just Reviews"
,Recommended,255070,32180500,Posted: 4 June,all,OldManJason,Great little soulsy feel game. couch co-op is a plus imo. Graphics and art are very appealing
,Recommended,255070,27006984,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,puhnitor,"This game is a lot better than many reviews here give it credit for. Yes the controls are a little odd, but it's part of the challenge of the game.Go through a randomly generated dungeon with 3 different characters and kill the warlock. Kind of a rogue-like with smash brothers style combat (standard and special attacks, combos).Replayability is good until you can consistently kill the Warlock, and then it kind of falls off. Still good for 15-20 hours of gameplay, and to revisit every once in a while."
,Recommended,255070,11305289,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,sere,"A beat em' up with wisely borrowed mechanics, interesting story without overbearing cinematic narrative, a gentlemen's soundtrack, and above all else, total class."
76561197993777365,Recommended,255070,12544899,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gaston Beton,"This is another weird little game by the masters of this category, the Chilean ACE Studios. Games are usually exciting and fun, yet they are seldom beautiful - this game is. It looks, sounds, plays and FEELS like a fever dream of the good kind. One you might have had as a child after drinking too much codeine-based cough syrup, say. The mechanics tent to be somewhat obtuse, thus enhancing this impresssion, but there are some great community guides on Steam, so you really shouldn't worry about it. The controls are tricky at first, but when you get used to their quirks (you REALLY need to time 180° turns of your character), ""Abyss Odyssey"" becomes a real barn-burner. So, dear reader, if you're one of the girls or guys who like to yammer about the lack of truly original ""out there"" games that will give your brain a proper kick in the bum and have you dreaming about them, fret no more: This is your game."
,Not Recommended,255070,14525294,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jay Gridley,I find that the fighting controls feel slugish which makes this game frustrating to play. It has potential but I'd like to see the controls improved before I can recommend to others to play.
,Recommended,255070,23645149,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[FIST]Onuma,"Abyss Odyssey is often misunderstood.  I would best categorize it as an adventure/platformer/roguelite, but there is nuance which cannot be conveyed by those genres alone.If you like a game with mystery, challenge, and a weird hybrid of fighting game (a la Street Fighter) and platforming beat-em-up, Abyss Odyssey may be in your lane.Let's start with the art direction and soundtrack, both of which are phenomenal.  There is also a metagame, by which the ways other people play the game as a whole influence the difficulty and types of enemies you may encounter as bosses.  I don't completely understand how it works, but it is interesting to know.The controls, for me at least, are fine.  When you consider them to be closer to a fighting game than something which requires immense precision like Metroid or Ori and the Blind Forest, they seem properly tuned.  Many complain about this, but I think it is alright once your expectations are set, rather than expecting a tight platformer and getting something ""sluggish"".Replayability is high, as that is a main draw for this game.  It took me a few plays to get to the final boss, but now I'm downing the Warlock regularly, and I still don't feel like I'm finished with it.Of course, this is best played with a friend (local or over the internet) so grab a 2-pack and game it up."
,Recommended,255070,14010048,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kouga Wolf 選択の運命,"An amazing game with high replayability. It feels very much rogue like, with a simi-perma death. Upgrades can be kept each life (Like your level/HP/skill tree and Gold) however you may not keep your weapons, souls gotten from enemies and keys for unlocking chests and doors. Luckily there is quite a few ways to get all of these items as well as shops around each stage for you to buy these along with HP vials and Camp Tokens. Camp Tokens allow you to come back to the spot you've placed it if you were to die. Very good for newer players wanting to save their progress. However, I found myself never using them.The art style is pleasing to the eyes and pulls you in at times. Aside from the ""cut scenes"" being sometimes choppy and somewhat a downgrade to the standard gameplay look, it's passable. This game has a very fun style to it and it actually allows for two player co-op, KB&M with a controller or a mixture of the two; however I found that online co-op was really slow, quite buggy and not a whole lot of worth in it. I've connected to people close by and hosted myself yet it doesn't seem like it helped any. There is online PVP as well, which still has a bit of lag and buggy in nature. It's still quite fun regardless of the prior said.The story was not interesting at all really, however that didn't stop my enjoyment. I felt as if the voice acting was mediocre at best, not trying to complain too hard, as yet again; the gameplay sells it completely. Overall I have enjoyed this game and I would say it's worth a buy, bonus if you can snag it on sale."
,Not Recommended,255070,11433839,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dicetrain,"Nice aesthetics, but wonky and very bland gameplay with nothing to drive you. Doing runs on this game just to occasionally find secrets or see the content updates would be like frequently going to the same mediocre Chinese restaurant just to read the fortunes in the cookies at the end."
,Not Recommended,255070,11502177,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Miune,"First and foremost, I like many parts of this game...the only major flaw and why I can't reccomend it now is it's clunkyness. everything seems forced, the characters almost seem reluctant to do moves, or move forward or really do anything it seems like a chore to do anything. the movement seems painfully slow, the attacks don't seem to transition from one to another well. I like the artwork its beautiful, I like the enemy capture system and the character classes seem neat but until something changes with the controls and movement I won't be touching this again."
,Recommended,255070,12496121,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"With all the updates, I think that this game is a well-balanced 2D dungeon crawler, with a fairly robust, if at times a little flawed combat system. It is a fairly short game to beat; you'll probably be able to beat it in 5-12 hours depending on your skill, but it has a lot of replay value, thanks to the very compelling combat system, and the polish and brooding, odd atmosphere and lore are compelling enough to make me want to replay this game often. If there are any flaws to point out, it's how the enemy and boss design can be a bit lacking sometimes. I think that the final boss's arena is too small for it to be entirely fair, and that some of the other bosses can seemingly devolve into grab and dodge for inexperienced players over and over, and some attacks need hyper armour, but up until you master the fairly deep combat system ), you won't notice that anyways. This is a game where I'm willing to acknowledge its flaws, and be okay with them, because the game as a whole is so great. An atmospheric, minimalistic 2D dungeon crawler with a deep, robust and rewarding combat system, amazing real-world and folklore inspiration and a great backstory behind everything which I won't spoil; but if you like the sad backstories behind games like Dark Souls and Majora's Mask, you'll love this game's lore.Highly reccommended.EDIT: Also the versus mode is actually amazing and shows off how good the combat system is. If you own this game, please play it. It's actually so much fun."
,Recommended,255070,11254130,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"From Ace teams the creators of zenoclash comes a Very interesting game with fighting game mechanic combined with aesthetically pleasing arts and music. The game combat feels just a bit clunky sometimes and the hitbox a bit off at times and looking past that, the Abyss Odyssey has something to offer for those who wants some 2d/3d platforming rpg game with rogue-like elements with co-op included.The game starts you off playing as one of the 3 main characters (Ghost monk is my favorite). Wielding a sabre Katrien who is part of a warlocks dream is who you'll start your game off with, your goal is to reach the heart of the abyss and defeat him. You'll encounter mostly blue soldiers npcs, sellers that you can pick a fight with, and singing skeletons along your way some of the wierd and unique npcs you'll meet with fully voiced and well done dialogues. You'll be able to explore and Collect money,potions, weapons and keys to access certain chests. There are tons of content to unlock and secrets to discover while traveling down the abyssIf you die in the game a soldier will take over your place where you'll have to find the ressurection altar before you really die and lose all your items causing you to restart the abyss. The abyss is an ever changing dungeon with random difficulties so each time you play or enter the dungeon it is always changing bringing the rogue-like element to the table.The gameplay itself offers some interesting fighting game mechanic from double jumping, 2 hit combos, ground recovery, special cancels into combos, blocks, dodge, and parries. The game also has an rpg system in place so that you can modify your weapons and items you have on your character, you'll also be able to customize your moves the way you want and even add enhancement to them when you acquire skill points enabaling more damage. There is also a capture system in place where you can capture your enemies and use thier powers becoming the enemies itself. Each of the enemy type themselves offers completely different move sets and abilities that will aid you, along with thier strength and weaknesses.While the game is very interesting and unique the controls of the character itself felt very wonky, I didn't like the initial keyboard set up so I ended up plugging in my controller, It is possible to play with Keyboard and mouse but the game feels much better on a controller perhaps preference here. Either way the character movements in the game felt clunky at times and the enemies look like they are much smoother than me. The hitboxes seems to be off at times because I remember hitting enemies at certain times and having them walk past my hits easily hopefully these issues can be fixable.The coop itself is a pretty cool idea because it lets you play along with a friend, there isn't an online arena and the only thing that bugged me from playing coop is the FRIENDLY FIRE, which someone can easily join your game just to troll you out ruining your gameplay if you leave your game public.+ The game is challenging depending on the path you take, quite brutal at certain areas. Choose Carefully+ 3 main characters, over 30 enemies you can capture or buy to become each with thier very own combat elements.+ Interesting mix of gameplay, fighting game mechanic with most of those elements combined into a 2d action platformer+ Rogue-like dungeons, it's always changing+ The music is good and fits each area really well+ Voice overs for ever character adds immersion+ Beautiful art and backdrops+ Rpg elements will keep you optimizing your gear+ Mix and match combos + skill system- Controls felt kinda wonky, moving the character just did not feel very smooth-hitboxes are off at time.- Combining combos are fun when ya get them, but the initial combos itself isn't too interesting, sub par at best and felt that way.- Friendly fire during coop is dumb, the first person who came in started attacking me so I ended up attacking him back until he was dead. It should be a choice- VS MODE IS LAN ONLY, WHY ISNT THIS MODE ONLINE!?  =("
,Recommended,255070,23055792,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Seraph,"I'm mostly writing this to counter the negative reviews this is getting, which are very undeserved to me.I'm not going to say too much about the aesthetics of this game, as it becomes clear with a single visit to this game's screenshot hub that they're brilliant. I love the character designs and level backgrounds so much. The soul capture mechanic is great as well, as you can literally capture the soul of any enemy in the game - as long as your level is high enough - and assume control over them, giving you an entirely different move set as well as an extra life, since your character doesn't die when the controlled creature dies. The roguelike elements in this aren't too strong because you keep your level and the gold you collected upon death, but the stages and loot are randomly generated.What I do want to elaborate on, are the controls and combat. Most of the negative reviews mention solely that the combat is broken and the controls are bad, which to me really isn't the case. This will probably sound elitist, but I feel like anyone saying the combat is broken and cheap just hasn't gotten good enough at it, doesn't want to get good enough at it or has never played fighting games a lot. The combat just takes practice and getting used to, and I personally really like this combat and its learning curve. This game takes a lot of inspiration from the combat of Super Smash Bros., one of the most beloved fighting game franchises which also harbors a learning curve. How can people adore Smash but hate on this game's combat, when they're identical in quite some ways? It even has i-frame upgrades on specific attacks which can be used very tactfully and there is also a button to cancel your move/combo, which is one of the most important mechanics to master to do well in this game. Most of the negative comments on the combat and controls do come from people who have played the game for around one hour, maybe two tops. So that just makes my first points that much more valid.I definitely also don't agree with people saying that button mashing is rewarded or that memorizing one or two overpowered combos will get you through the game, because I find myself playing very differently against different enemies. A specific powerful combo against one enemy could be horrible against another depending on what attacks they have and how quickly they can interrupt you and such, because they WILL take advantage of any openings in your attacks. Learning your enemy's attacks is probably even more important than learning your own attacks, just like in any decent fighting game.This game definitely deserves a chance if you are up for taking your time to learn the game and not jumping in and complaining about it being bad, when it really is you not wanting to learn the mechanics."
76561198057004289,Recommended,255070,17872227,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Destilliax,"Once you get used to the controls, you'll die less and then the game gets interesting.One thing i recommend changing is the physics of the Soldier character, often times it'll be difficult to navigate around the level because it's hard for him to get up high enough to get over a ledge; which is a problem since when you die he is the one you control to revive yourself, but if he cant get around to revive you it can be frustrating.Overall I recommend it, because what it does well, it does great"
76561198025516030,Recommended,255070,11349995,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Purrrrr~~~,"good game. good graphic, nice enemy movement i.e. enemies move like if they are being controlled by real player.But, the control is too laggy for pc player, simple moves must be made be pressing many different keys and the moves are not clean enough, i.e. leaving too much gaps for emeny attacks especially if you play ghost monk and surrounded by 3 mobs like the peacock or jackel. the skills of each charater are also slightly unbalanced. on the 3rd charater i rarely use the special attack since it is too slow and merely disrupt enemy attack.but still, this game resembles an old school 8 bit game so anyone looking for a challenging should try it."
,Recommended,255070,11588461,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,br4t,"Killed the Warlock, captured the Warlock's soul, became the Warlock then killed the Warlock while being the Warlock. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,255070,31352413,Posted: 25 April,all,galahadhk,"inb4 git gud!!!inb4 you left the game running!!!I got all of the achievements except the online one cause it's dead.I seriously just can't recommend this game at all. The more you play the more you realize where it's faults and how garbage the combat system is.  Besides, it's so STILL filled with bugs and glitches. The jumping is so screwed up here, you're going to go nuts how many times you try to double jump your way up platforms while facing backwards thanks to the awesome controls. And if you use one of the crappy soldiers, you might even get stuck and will have to quit the game!The first few runs where run until around the 3rd hour playing I already defeated the warlock. Talk about a bummer. The magic was gone, but still I decided to go through and level my Katrien to level 70 and get more souls and whatnot. I got sick of the game by the 20th hour because even though it's random generated you still play the same thing over and over infinite repeat ad nausem. If at least the music was excellent but it's just good.After everything, I decided to play local co-op. It was waaaaaay more fun than single player. Except:-Sometime when we killed the warlock the 2nd player morphed into the character I was using for some reason, loosing all the equipment.-Even if I left a token somewhere the 2nd player always looses their equipment yet again.-You would hit 2 or more enemies with the special and sometimes none of the souls would come out.-How there's always weapons for the 3rd character but none for the ones we were using and crappy ones at that.-The camera would go to extreme ends if we were apart enough so we couldn't even see what happened on screen.-The ? levels are impossible and so forthSo the game is too easy in the normal difficulty. Want to try nightmare mode? HA!Expect to be combo'd to death while fighting 5 CPU opponents at once. Sure you can turn off friendly fire, but the developers made it not count if you kill the main boss. How can this type of game be played with friendly fire on?? It goes absolutely to the contrary of how the game was made to be. Maybe you think the CPU has friendly fire then? Noooooooooooooooo they will gang up on you till you die especially if you're playing through nightmare mode alone.I hope the developers next time release a guide or a manual so some poor soul doesn't have to go through this.As you can see I tried to play the game to it's fullest. I wanted it to give it a good review and recommend it but in the end, it felt like I wasted my time."
,Not Recommended,255070,12492928,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jamboree,"Honestly I was excited for this game based on the trailers I saw for it when it was coming out, and even pre-ordered it, as I usually trust Atlus made or published games. I have to say though, I'm disappointed. For what appears to be a 2D beat-em-up, the combat is extremely slow. There are only a few combos, and the delay after each is frustratingly long. I will say that the art style is very unique, the music is great, and I appreciate some of the rogue-like aspects of this game, but the combat, being the core mechanic, just feels way too slow for me to properly enjoy it.It's not just that it's slow, mind you. There can be slow paced gameplay that's done really well, but enemies tend to take a while to kill, and sometimes feel like they can easily get more hits in than I can to them, or that there are just too many of them for only being able to attack as much as I can. In addition, I don't feel very mobile while I'm playing this. I don't expect to be speeding through this game, but games like Rogue Legacy or Ascendant, similar 2D roguelikes, make me feel much faster and make the game more bearable in comparison.  There are hardly any mobile attacks either, leaving you standing in place for most attacks. In the end, as much as my character is supposed to be some type of experienced swordswoman, I just don't feel like I am while playing as her. If you're used to either of the two games mentioned before, or even something like Super Smash Bros., you will likely be disappointed with the combat system.If you're not convinced, I implore you to at least look at the videos, and I mean really look at them (the first few moments of the second video show it pretty well). If you don't care about the combat (there is quite a bit), then by all means get it for the art, music, and rogue-like elements. But if you really want a roguelike with a fun combat system, I suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198107043534,Recommended,255070,12717587,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,wbarkins,"Got this game today on a sale in hope to enjoy co-op with my bro. After about 4 hours of singleplayer and co-op gameplay decided to wright a review as the game itself is really controversial.Let me start with some sad moments. After first 15 minutes of the gameplay I regretted the money spent on this game...-There were no any training or introduction in the start so I had to check the controls, combos, etc. and to find out how everything works in this game using that training mode with a dummy (probably it is this way only for PC version as on youtube I have seen a prologue as a training mission on xbox).-The control in this game appeared to be not very smooth for a 2d platformer as I've expected. Sometimes it just drives me up a wall, expecially jumps and character rotation.-I've tried to play with gamepad and keybord and unfortunately I liked the latter more, as for my gamepad not all the functions were available (like skills upgrade, just can't understand which button should I push to get the sub menu).-I've tried co-op with my bro and found out that co-op is pretty buggy here. Sometimes characters just stuck and do not react to anything, for example after resurection on the altar.That is all bad sides so far, maybe just IMHO, but still. I think more will be revealed later.But now when I have already looked closer into the game I'd like to say that the game is not bad, I even liked it.-First of all it looks just wonderful to me, I mean graph and art, atmosphere-It is not quite easy (especially taking into account control issues)-Co-op is still fun with its friendly fire enabled-Decent musicI would like to add that the deeper you get into the game the more positive sides appear. It is not a typical 2d platformer where you can win by hitting 1-2 buttons and you may gladly spend several hours in the game mastering your skill. But ptobably after those several hours most people will get bored as the gameplay is not diverse.Anyway I will recommend to try this game to anyone who enjoys platformer/fighting/dungeon-crowler sort of games. Expecially now with a 50% discount))p.s. still I personally wouldn't pay full price for it so god save steam sales xD"
76561198026674109,Recommended,255070,24184683,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Stout,"Abyss Odyssey is a beautiful, rewarding and highly replayable 2D action adventure.The game looks phenomenal.  I can honestly not think of a better looking 2D side scroller.  The backgrounds are bright and beautifully detailed.  The characters are large, colorful and well animated.  There is some floatiness and screen tearing, but nothing that detracted from the gameplay.Combat is deep and engaging and of a higher complexity than similar games in the genre.  The player will not get far by simply charging through and mashing the same attack.  One must vary attacks, defend and utilize level changes to effectively negotiate an adversary.  The parallels others have drawn between the combat in Abyss Odyssey and fighting games are warranted.The replayability of this game is high.  The levels and layouts of enemies and treasure are randomly generated each play through.  You can unlock and play as multiple characters and even capture and play as the game’s enemies.  The dying and extra lives mechanic is quite unique and adds to the overall creativity.Abyss Odyssey has its own style, which was appreciated. The story unfolds succintly and is of interest without being too laborious or text heavy.  I like to play games and not read or watch them.The game is initially challenging, but some progress is persistent as character levels, starting areas, learned creatures and gathered, unspent gold carry over between plays.  I had some quick runs before I improved my play and gradually became stronger.Overall I really enjoyed this game and will continue to come back to it due to its replayability.  I am baffled by the mixed and negative reviews and encourage anyone looking for the high points I laid out to play this game."
,Not Recommended,255070,11305054,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Faeth,"Fighting seems very slow, like playing Smash Brothers Brawl, then trying to play the oringal N64 game again.  It's very cumbersome and finicky, and too many enemies move faster than your character.  It is also difficult to understand whether or not you are actually progressing toward unlocking the other two classes as you start restricted to one.Even without the curse debuff, I felt that my character was covered in molasses and could not act as quickly as many of the mobs, and when surrounded my 3 quicker mobs, I was quickly outgunned and simply died regardless of my health.For reference, I played up to level 15 before losing interest in this game.  While pretty and audibly pleasing, the gameplay lacks direction and polish."
76561198044327864,Not Recommended,255070,16297819,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Sirhon Dissidium,"Honestly I had Great Hopes for this game.But after some hours I've been disappointed.The graphic of the game is one of the most beatiful I've seen in years, pretty much due for the Art Nouveau kind of style. that's beatifulBut the rest, is Meh for me. The fight system is ok, hard enough and give to you challenge even if some bosses are or too weak or too powerful.Musics are Good but nothing that remarkable  (at least for me)Last, there isn't much that keep you play long, nor collectables, nor much things to unlock, nor that much of rare weapons...I just don't know.Give it a try but not sure you will be satisfied."
,Recommended,255070,19682104,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Audish,"Abyss Odyssey exists at this weird crossroads between art nouveau stylings, Smash Bros mechanics, and roguelike design. If that just made your brain ache I implore you to stay with me, because it's not the mess it might seem. No, it's a potent mix that you never fully get used to, one of those rare indie games that feels incredibly indie no matter how long you play it. Perhaps even more remarkable is the way these elements harmonize to form something not just unique, but entertaining as well.It's the close of the 19th century and something nasty is happening under the streets of Santiago, Chile. You get dumped into the world as the absolutely drop-dead gorgeous Katrien, a hardy swordswoman who is refreshingly up-front about her mysterious origins. There's a warlock slumbering deep beneath the surface, and his nightmares are becoming reality. To put a stop to it, you descend through a randomly-generated network of caves, collect gold, weapons, and items, and defeat a bizarre host of monsters on your way to end the warlock once and for all.The way this plays out is in a long series of short levels that are light on platforming and heavy on beat-em-upping. Comparisons to Smash Bros are not lazy, because this game uses the same facing systems, same jump mechanics, and it even has a sort of Smash button for special moves. If you ever played the story mode in SSB Brawl, in fact, this will feel very familiar. Monsters range from jaunty skeletons to deer people to flying regalia, and the bosses that you sometimes run across are some of the most unique I've ever seen. There's also a really cool capture system where you can claim an enemy's soul to use as a second character, making the wide variety of creative foes even more appealing.My only real knock against this game is the uneven difficulty curve... or maybe it's actually the learning curve. The first few times I played, I couldn't make it more than a few floors. Then one night I had some kind of breakthrough, and I haven't died since. One irritation is what happens when you die, because you get replaced with a weak, clunky soldier and you can't get Katrien back unless you find a special shrine that only appears once every few floors. Floors can be rated easy, medium, or hard, which has a dramatic effect on how aggressive enemies will be. However, the AI can get confused pretty easily, slipping between countering every move and standing there to get wailed on. You'll need to stick with it awhile to really get into the flow, but there's a surprising amount of secrets and special floors to discover along the way.I don't need to tell you how good this game looks, because just look at it. The art style sets the whole thing off, working perfectly with the late 19th century setting and the dreamworld motifs. There are two additional characters to unlock, additional special moves to upgrade, and a colorful cast of mysterious figures to learn about. It's going to take some getting used to, no doubt, but the eclectic style and unabashed uniqueness make it worth the effort. Once you learn the rhythm of the game and learn where to spend your gold, you'll have plenty of fun venturing into the abyss again and again.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,255070,11323443,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below there is both a video and written impression on the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stgj4I2VE3o&list=UUKzksXNLAhrxggh0ayddn6QAbyss Odyssey blends multiple genres to create some thing very unique. If I was to sum the game up I would call it ""Super DarkSoulsVania 2 Turbo"". It blends rpg, action platforming, and fighting game sensibilities. The fighting mechanics are deep with a lot of elements for the player to master. Abyss Odyssey is actually quite a challenging game that demands precision mastery of your attacks, as well as your platforming skills.The game also features many unique mechanics that really helps separate this game from the heard. On death, you get a 2nd chance by having a normal, human solder to take your place. He's basically a nerfed version of other playable characters, but if you manage to reach an alter with him, you can resurrect your hero and continue your journey. If your solder dies, that's game over, the game state is reset to the beginning. You can also capture enemy souls and become them, allowing you to play as a huge number of creatures, all with their own move sets, all with their own combat style. This game is incredibly diverse. Lastly, one of the most interesting features that makes this game so unique is the ability to work with all your fellow source hunters who are playing this game to unlock new things in Abyss Odyssey. Every time some one kills the end boss while online, they contribute to the destruction of the stone mask in the game. Once the mask is destroyed, whole new elements of this game become unlocked. This is a brilliant idea that helps with replayabilityThrow in some local and online multiplayer, add some classic Mucha inspired art nouveau, with a pinch of punishment, and we have one of the most unique, and gorgeous action platformer that has ever graced gaming culture.9001% recommended.Pros:- Gorgeous Mucha inspired art nouveau visual style- Great sound track- Incredibly deep mechanics- Diverse rogue gallery of playable creatures- Unique blend of rpg, action platforming, and fighting game sensibilities- Challenging but fair- Very replayableCons:- Large learning curb- Can feel sluggish at first- Some animation quirks- Could pose frustrating for some"
76561198025301599,Recommended,255070,11302403,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"The gameplay is almost like Castlevania meets Rogue Legacy. Although the controls doesn't feel as tight as it should, the combat system is still fun but a little clunky. the unlockable characters, weapon pick ups, the levelling up and the monster capturing really adds up to make a great and really fun game.The art style is amazing, the animation is top notch too, the soundtrack is awesome and really fits with the game.The voice acting is not good but it isn't used much. overall they truly nailed down the atmosphere part.i would recommend this game for sure, but if you want tighter and more polished game i would go for Guacamelee or Dust: an Elysian tale."
76561197971192496,Not Recommended,255070,11394917,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Midian808,"The art style is amazing, the music is brilliant, the atmosphere is a delight.The gameplay/combat, however is like Smash Bros - and as I hate that game with the passion of a thousand blue suns, I can't honestly recommend this game. YMMV"
,Recommended,255070,19466683,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pistolaobr,"First of all, I'd like to make it clear that everyone that did not recommend this game, its not because the game it self, but it was because of the multiplayer bugs. Apart from that, this is a very nice dungeon crawler, rogue like game, if you liked The Binding of Isaac, and wish for something with better video quality and side scroller, this game is for you.PROS:- Nice side scroller visual graphics- Very good rogue like dungeon crawler- Very good combat mechanicsCONS:- Multiplayer coop bugs7.5/10"
,Recommended,255070,21180777,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Brolaire of Astora,"I am honestly unable to understand the mixed reception of this game.Reading through some of the reviews I see many people complaining about ""difficult controls"" or ""bad gameplay"" which to my mind feel very unjustified since all gameplay elements are very thought through and serve a purpose.If you actually take your time to look at the control scheme and how to play, you will realise that most negative reviews are just people who didn't spent a single minute of their time to even learn the basics not to mention the actual depth of this game.You are able to:✘ cancel attacks into special attacks, dodges, dodge-jumps, allowing for large combo strings✘ short hop, fast fall and utilise the momentum of your airdodges, similiar to wavedashing in Super Smash Bros Melee✘ switch characters mid-combo for further stringsIt is true that you are unable to change directions mid-combo, but this just adds to the experience of having to make a commitment when attacking an enemy.Given the fact that there is no collision detection for enemy or player models and and the actually viable AI of most opponents, like in many fighting games, positioning is very important and knowing when to attack and when not.The missing collision detection also makes escaping easier when outnumbered or stuck in a tight spot, which you definately will be at times since enemies have their own unique moveset and never feel trivial (except slugs and spiders maybe).As a huge Souls fan and supporter of the fighting game community i definitely recommend this unique piece of art."
76561198112852732,Recommended,255070,22755282,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BlipTheRadar,"This game could not have been any more of a pleasure. I must admit that when I decided to purchase the game, there was a little bit of worry coming alongside my purchase, but once I began playing, all my worries were gone. Abyss Odyssey is a game perfect for anyone seeking a challenge. After playing the game for a while I began to try to dig into the combat system to just be impressed over and over again with how interesting it is.The combat in this game has a similar feel to it as Smash Bros. Abyss Odyssey is not as loose at Smash, but the way you move and attack are similar. As you progress down deeper and fight you will level up your character and find alternate attacks you can equip to expand on your potential. Depending on what kind of skills you equip, you'll expand your combo potential and/or give yourself benifits such as more ranged attacks.I feel the need to stress that if you're not interested in games that will push you and challenge you, this game is not for you. If you want a game that will reward you with feeling like you really accomplished something worthwhile, then you need this game in your library.I don't like to rate games on a number scale because I don't believe that can be accurate, so I would rather inform you on what the game has to offer instead of trying to sell you on buying it regardless of your type of game.The player type I would recommend this game to is one who desires a difficult game with high reward in term of accomplishment. A player who is more into disecting a game to play it at its fullest potential will enjoy this game. A player who is interested in jumping in and just fighting without interest in mastery of the game will not get as much out of the game."
76561197965823537,Not Recommended,255070,11380174,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Holorin,"Gameplay is bad. Character takes 2hours to take a swing and gets locked in an action for 3hours. Then you get chain stuned, jumping is horrible, maneuvrability is bad, game feels unresponsive and clunky.Just make the game react to key presses goddamit, i don't want to face the wrong way because ""running"" cancels ""switching direction"" for 2 seconds everytime and arrow + attack doesnt change direction + attack.would not buy again."
76561198080897614,Recommended,255070,12907470,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Borchen,"If you like fighting games you'll love abyss odyssey, with over 30 uniquely designed playable characters, most of which capturable enemies in the dungeon mode. Explore with your favorites until you discover that satisfying 11 combo that really hits the spot."
76561198012273110,Not Recommended,255070,11297502,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Lazy Madman,"Controls are important in a game like this, and they feel blocky. Every single time I try playing this game I think to myself, ""Maybe this time i'll get the combo system down"" and I spend a few minutes failing to get past a 3-hit-combo with any character I have and then i'll play the game. The fighting system is just SO BAD in this game that I can't tell anyone to stay away from it enough. When playing a side-scroller fighting rogue-like RPG the player shouldn't feel like the character itself is fighting against them. I've seen and tried to replicate some of the combos i've seen on youtube and failed every time. I have also encountered my fair share of bugs where enemies will get stuck in walls (especially if you get a premature attack on them in that shadow wall that surrounds you whenever an enemy pops out) and there was even a time where a tutorial message kept me from jumping away from a swinging blade and being repeatedly knocked into a black abyss... This game looks nice and has a load of fun ideas, but the poor execution of the combat system is just too much for me to recommend this game to anyone. I'll continue to try to play it. Maybe mastering the combo/cancle system is the key to making this game fun and if it is i may change my tone of the game, but at the moment it is just a really pretty game that sucks at the whole ""gameplay"" thing."
76561198010060335,Not Recommended,255070,12893258,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,random noob,"Might still play again once or twice. Really enjoyed all of the Smash Brothers games(played them for an uncountable number of hours, way over 20k matches across all the games). But the combat in this game is not as smooth or balanced and the AI has an instant reaction time. The actual dungeon isn't even that hard defeated the warlock 2 hours after purchasing. The combat when you are controlling a monster mainly consists of spamming 1 move 15-20 times because they AI dosen't know how or cant react to it but if you do any other move the AI instatly reacts. I really wanted to enjoy this game and unlock everything and keep playing on hardcore mode but unfortunately the lack of consistently smooth and reliable combat ended that( its pretty lame that you can do more damage by spamming some monsters  move 20 times over than actually fighting). NOT WORTH FULL PRICE BUT FOR HALF OFF ITS OK.If you look at the other reviews almost no one has played this game for over 10 hours which means no matter what the review said they didnt unlock everything and gave up. very few people enjoyed this enough to keep playing it"
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,255070,11824877,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Aq9jNtGt4&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAAbyss Odyssey is a platform brawler with roguelite elements.  The story and platforming are simplistic but effective, and the voice acting is professionally done, but the game suffers from many small annoyances that chip away from immersion, and hurt it.The game is artistically beautiful, full of rich detail and color, and is very distinctive.  The levels are randomly generated, which is a strong point of the game, as it offers a refreshing take at a basic linear path.   The characters and creatures are unique and creative, which draws you into the environment.Unfortunately, the inventory is extremely limited, and the UI adds extra unnecessary steps making upgrading of items clunky and time consuming. The allies that help you in battle, should they kill the enemy, you will not gain any experience even if you take the enemy down from 100% hp to 5% and your ally gets final hit.More than all of this, though, the combat is the downfall of this game; it is sluggish and clunky,with slow response times from the buttons and basic combat abilities, and a delay between those abilities, taking away from the fluidity of the game.The enemies and characters are varied in their abilities, but the hero has a limited amount of attack, limiting the variability of combat.While the voice acting and story progression of this game is well done, and the artwork and music are beautiful, the clunky inventory and clumsy UI combined with the sluggish combat makes for an awkward experience that I cannot recommend.For more reviews check out the channel herehttp://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Not Recommended,255070,11419054,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,pantsu_lover86,"Combat mechanics suck. Enemies given too much starting health. Has a slight tint of lag no matter the resolution, makes it very hard to play. Unforgiving checkpoint system. Not worth the cash"
,Not Recommended,255070,17901542,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Luckspeare,"I echo the reviews of many here who note that incredible awkwardness and unresponsiveness of the controls -- especially the unreasonable difficulty in simply getting your character to face the right direction while enemies quickly and fluidly move around you.  Animations lock you too easily and quickly.The game is obtuse and offers almost no guidance on its quirky mechanics.  And I suppose I could handle death penalty if it wasn't so random and out of your control -- sometimes you just get mobbed by 3 fluid, well-aiming enemies who simultaneously kill you very quickly while you struggle with just aiming the right direction.  I don't want to grind for gold to replace expensive weapons so I can continue when that happens.There are a lot of other minor complaints, like the common problem that it is VERY evident that the game was quickly ported over to PC from consoles with as little change as possible in UI and control scheme.  Hint: ESC should not take you to main game menu from anywhere in the game; it should function as a ""back"" button when you are in in-game menus.  Do NOT require the player to press the B key to exit a menu on a PC game; we hate stuff like this.  It's more irritating over time than it would first appear.  In the world of PC ergonomics, it's like putting the doorbell button to your house on the mailbox 30 feet away from the door.Again, like others, I was attracted by the art and music and visually fluid animations, but had enough of the unresponsive controls; and terrible, poorly-ported UI; and the death penalty + death by UI + need for grinding to get equipment again.Note on hours played: I played a few hours on my son's account, so you can consider me as having about 4 hours in.  If there is indeed a gem buried under the punitive barriers to entry, I couldn't bring myself to play further to see it.  If I hear that these issues have been addressed later, I would be happy to try again and revise my review."
,Not Recommended,255070,11526329,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Proactive and Nasty Bug,"Game feels incredibly slow and clunky. Like it wanted to be Smash Brothers, but decided it only needed around 50% of the precision."
,Recommended,255070,11249375,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Kuroha,"While the visual's beautiful and the idea of using multiple characters is enticing, I must say the controls for this game is rather clunky, even on a gamepad. Nonetheless, it's still quite a good game. Grab it if it's on sale."
76561197970639512,Recommended,255070,11345442,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Warlok,"Concisely - reminds one of a sophisticated Castlevania, where the combat has depth on par with a Streets Of Rage game. Seems to have good potential in the long-term. Being able to unlock playable characters is pretty damn cool. Very solid seeming code. A few oddities in interface, but nothing too terrible."
76561198031752714,Not Recommended,255070,11370036,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Waywatcher Sora,In short this game's combat system ruined everything that was good about it.
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,255070,11396047,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Blackcompany,"Controls are clunky, turning speed is too slow, and enemies are allowed to detect your key presses as opposed to having good AI. What could have been difficult and challenging turns tedious in minutes. Obviously, given the very few minutes I spent with what is a terrible game.Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,255070,26900770,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dead Dictator,"This game is amazing, just enough story to make me want to keep playing and visuals that make me happy I am. The timing on attacks isn't as responsive as traditional fighters but you get the hang of it quickly. All in it becomes a very clean and technical side scrolling fighter with a very slight challenge to pick up the controls."
,Recommended,255070,22389461,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Spazzyphantasm,"This is a reveiw based souly on the  my experiance with fighting games and action platformers. I saw this game  that sounded liked Smash bros. mixed with castvania. Which is actually a perfect way to describe this game's controls.Point 1 combat - The combat is slightly clunky by design. It hards to turn around because you suffer from a massive amounts of ending lag. This means if you are overwelmed getting quickly comboed  by enemies can happen.- You can cancel all your actions into dogdes or specials you must ,however have a charge in your cancel meter(which recharges over time). This makes you have to strategize on being more offencive or defencive- You can also block in this game but so can enemies. Both can be simply grabbed out of block.Point 2 Platfroming- The jumping in this game feels the same as Smash brother if you hit back and jump at the same time you jump back facing in the same direction as when your feet were still planted. This allows for retreating attacks in fights but can make the platforming feel a bit comberson at times. Wall jumping is also by my experiance useless. You gain so little height it is better just to try to just make the jump with your mid-air jup alone. The wall slide is also delayed so wall jumps are even more delayed and useless. You can however use dodges in the air to get extra distance which is nice.Be prepared to get used to the controls, and have fun."
,Recommended,255070,15802935,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Army of None,"Made by the developers of Zeno Clash, gorgeous art and interesting combat is, of course, present.  It feels more like a fighting game (with the ability to animation-cancel moves into others to combo), with a dash of Super Smash Brothers (Directional abilities, hitboxes), but also is a roguelike (permadeath-ish?). It's a weird game for sure, but a lot of fun. The entire campaign is co-op-enabled too! Weird, interesting game, totally recommended."
76561197995620944,Recommended,255070,13070026,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Kaisash,"The way i would describe it by compairing games, is ""rouge legacy"" combined with ""tobal NO.1"" for ps1Problems: control / feel, Item labels / information, content / length, special moves, AI.Control / feel:game controls almost perfectly.The only problem i would face is when trying to jump and grab onto ledges, and jumping onto platforms you can pass through.The problem with ledge grabing comes from not being able to turn your character mid jump, and that the character automaticly turns when doing a wall slide.The character can only climb when facing the ledge, so many times when i would try and climb up a ledge (uses the same buttons as wallslide) i would go for a wall slide and then change direction.The problem with the platforms is that you can pass through the platform by holding jump and UP or down on the joypad.I have a habbit of holding up in games when jumping on passable ledges specificaly so I dont go through, so i had to retrain my self on that habit. There is also a problem when it comes to using a special move to go up higher than your jump I set the jump specials to UP and special, which will automaticly cause me to fall through the platforms aswell.Item labels:There is a lack of infortmation in game.The game is very basic and simple, so it is not a big fault point. That is unless you are like me, and love to have clear information on gear that your character equips. The problem is, main items have its damage values, and the magic effect / level. extra gear such as belts and rings may raise the magic effects stats by percentages, but I am not givin the base information on the main item to know excatly if what I have is doing anything significant.Content / length:The game feels short, and the main core of the game does not have alot of substance to it.Leveling only gives you the ability to add three stats to your special ablities, damage, damage reduction, add mana,a maximum of 3 times to each skill. The characters stats increase automaticly and are hidden.There are only a few special core events e.g.: buy hidden random stat till death, get a free item to be attacked later, certain walls only break to certain weapons.I beat the game in about 4 hours, and again in about 45 min to an hour and half. (I have yet to play nightmare or experiance everything)Replayablity feels limited, I expect people will get about 4 hours out of this game before moving on.I did fight a random boss after the last time I beat the game, and started another playthrough. I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me, but I have yet to see if it will happen again. I hate the feeling of missed oppertunity that may never return.(I returned, beat the game and the special boss a couple of more times, all playthroughs felt the same).I have mixed feelings on the AI because it does feel like they use input cheats, but at the same time I am not a programer, but I still think that is a neccessary thing for a fast pace fighting game. My feelings are the A.I feels balanced and not overly cheap.Pros:Simple combat with a basic set of moves that are easy to preform. game feels easy and natural to play.Graphics look awesome I give it a 10 for these reasons: Easy on the eyes, interesting to look at, little details, I can tell what and where things are, platforms and walkways are clear, hidden walls are not overly hidden.In game story is simple. I  skipped the starting cutscene, but still got what i think is all the story. The story is non intrusive to the gameplay.Each character is diffrent, e.g.: stats, speed, move set, specials, feel.Nothing feels tacked on.For a rougelite (intent to die alot, random level / item generation). I never felt the game was overly hard or impossible. Even the end boss fight felt “fair” in terms of fighting games.Unlockable content for free as people play. I would rather have it as I beat the game and not others.My thoughts and description:This game is a side scrolling beatum up/random generated scenarios rpg. It was alot of fun and some what challanging without being overly frustrating. There was some controls to get use to, but it didn't take long to get use to; with the exception of the cons i put above. This is a game that I recommend because there is no other game similar to it that I would recommend over it. A nich game for sure."
,Recommended,255070,11312075,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Neptune,Soooo... ever play a fighting game and came up with the idea of putting a fighting game character in a 2D side scrolling brawler? This game is great and got me pretty hooked. The soundtrack is pretty good too.
76561198006568104,Recommended,255070,12704194,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Morgoth,"For more reviews and gameplay videos by Morgoth, check out the profile or the Twitch channel attwitch.tv/morgoth0221I know I haven't put as much time into this game as other players, but I really plan to.  This game has a lot going for it.  The graphics have a very particular style to them and the environments are truly phenomenal.  The music is also well matched to each particular environment to really make you feel as if you were in that area.  The entire game has a very dark and eerie feel, while still portraying enough action and even slight adventure to keep the player really involved.  In short, I really like this game.I love the uniqueness of the enemies throughout the game, and the ability to capture their souls and become them is just icing on the cake because it gives real variety to a game that establishes only three main characters.  This offers an enormous amount of replayability.  I was already enjoying the game as the main character, but right when I felt like she was becoming stale, I managed to capture the soul of a burning mummy, which is freaking awesome.  At any point now, I can become that mummy whenever I want to with no penalty until he dies and his abilities are vastly different from the main character's skillset.I do have to admit a certain affinity for the ghost monk.  I mean, come on.  It's a flippin ghost monk with a two-handed longsword.  Why would this not be the character you would want to play as?  The items come in massive variety as well.  Everything from swords and halberds with different elemental attacks, down to bracelets and necklaces that offer very helpful resistances or boosts.  All too often though, I seem to come across many more weapons that just happen to be for a character I'm not playing as.  If you can never equip these weapons in the current run you're in, and the game randomly generates a new dungeon run every time, why even have weapons that aren't for you appear?  They serve no purpose, rather than to taunt you with the hope of a gleaming new item, only to find out you can't use it.  Ever.  You can't even pick them up to sell them to a merchant.I'm also not too fond of the fact that you can't keep your items from playthrough to playthrough.  The only thing that remains yours throughout is gold.  Unless there is some banking system that I'm not aware of (and please let me know if there is)  Moving on from that though.  The character skillsets are nice and varied to offer up plenty of exciting playtime without getting boring and the skillpoints that can be used to level up different skills in different ways are nice too.  However, I do wish there was even more variety with that system.And then we come to the enemies in the game.  The baddies.  And some of them, randomly, can become very, very difficult.  It's interesting that in my short time that I've played this game, I've ran into the same enemies time and time again to find that at some times, the enemies will just stand there, while other times, will be relentless in their assaults, sometimes not ever offering up opportunities for counterattacks.  And this seems to happen regardless of what difficulty the current area is at.  This can get frustrating at times, considering how slow the controls can feel at points throughout the game.  After a while though, you do get used to the controls, because at first, they are not fun to deal with.  And I think that is a side-effect of other games that have similar fighting styles such as Nintendo's Super Smash Bros. series where the controls are nearly flawless in every aspect.  The controls in Abyss Odyssey aren't that bad, Super Smash controls are just that good.  And we've been spoiled.Overall, I do really like this game and I know in the coming months I will pour countless hours into this game (because I LOVE randomly generated content like this game has to offer).  It has it's faults, but I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,255070,11929924,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,RadGH,"It's a pretty cool fighting roguelike type of game. But it's not very good. The controls aren't great and it's the kind of game where you have a lot of trouble just trying to attack in the right direction. And there are a lot of invulnerability frames for enemies that don't make any sense. And there is very little hint as to when an enemy is taking an action. And a lot of enemies are based around a mechanic that makes some amount of damage unavoidable (which is a huge issue in a roguelike).Also, the multiplayer is *completely* unplayable for the person who joins. There is just too much lag, even with <100 ping. It looks OK, but enemies hit you before they even begin an animation and it makes blocking utterly useless. And you teleport around a lot as the physics think you meant to dash / jump when you didn't, because you are in a slightly different position on the server. And even if you had a connection good enough to have little issues with lag, there aren't any servers. If you want to play this with a friend (like I did), it's a gamble of whether or not this will even work for you.Almost a good game. Try Rogue Legacy, it's 1000x better than this one. This one just looks better, but gets very boring (even in single player)."
76561198003084433,Recommended,255070,12464871,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Thirite,Sort of like if SSB:Brawl's Subspace Emissary was actual fun and not just a tagged on adventure mode to a fighting game. All around really entertaining and challenging except for an underwhelming final boss (on the normal difficulty).
76561198044280627,Recommended,255070,19929252,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Legault,"A really good game after you get a hold of its control.At first glance it looked like a Metroidvania action exploration game, but it is actually a smash brother game with quite a big recovery time for every attack. More like fighting game, if you miss a attack you're going to be punished by your enemy. It reminds me of the combat system in Fortune Summoners, which is also about patience and timing rather than button smashing.I didn't have my hope up before playing because of the mixed review, but now I like it even more than Zeno Clash from the same developer. Like every game by ACE Team, Abyss Odyssey also has a wierd charm that no other game have.So, when do we get Abyss Odyssey 2?"
,Recommended,255070,33922191,Posted: 31 July,all,wyulf,"a bit of a mixed opinion about this game to be honest. i've been wanting to play it for a while now, but never got around to picking it up until the last sale.to start with, the premise is interesting, albeit a bit vague especially in the beginning. and once you kick off the game, not too much is explained about the system, save for a few basic movements. you're not properly introduced to the function of 'capturing' enemies, nor using them, nor how it really works.the combat is quite fun however, especially once you've leveled up a particular character and gained numerous skills in which you can configure, and try to string together some combos, but even so, after a few hours, it might get a bit repetitive for some.levels are also almost meaningless in the game, as you could face off a low or high level enemy, and the only significance in it, is whether you can capture them or not. just as well, the 'mana' system is highly underused, as your mana is pretty much only utilized when you attempt to capture an enemy.all in all, abyss odyssey actually feels like a game with a lot of potential waiting to happen, in many aspects, from the story, to a proper leveling and mana usage system, and even the captures, but it never properly materialized sadly. it doesnt make it a bad game, and it's still fairly fun as each run doesnt take too long to complete, but it feels fairly basic. perhaps one day the developers could evolve their ideas in a sequel."
,Recommended,255070,12095132,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ivlr3vil,"It's a beat'em up mixed with the 2.5 D perspective like Trine and with Rogue-like qualities of Super House of Dead Ninjas. Beat the whole game multiple times through, it's fairly easy once you've got the hang of it. The game is still being updated and includes many features like local versus mode, local co-op mode and online co-op mode. I do hope they fix the online co-op and perhaps add in an online versus mode with a leaderboard just like how there is one for how many times people have beat the game. The game takes a unique approach to updates where once an update is ready to be deployed, players need to beat the game multiple times to break this seal that unlocks more content. I'm really curious as to how long this will keep going."
,Recommended,255070,12581013,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,psyberjock,"This is a pretty good game. It's quite hard at first, and some things are frustrating but overall it's very fun. It's like a psuedo-rogue.  The idea is that you keep replaying, but all the levels are randomly generated, so it doesn't get boring. Each time you go through you unlock something new, be it charaters, areas, or whatever. Money in this game goes quick and seems hard to ever have enough of. If you keep dying, don't worry. You keep all experience despite losing items. Personally I think the item loss after a death is one of the most frustrating parts, but the items really dont do that much for you in the end. Your level is far more important to your damage and life bar. It seems that once I gain a sufficient level I'll no longer be dying all the time. Levels 15-20 seem like they're the sweet spot for making it through the game for the first time. Keep trying and you'll make it. I use a joystick (360 for windows), and everything is perfect except for the block. Sometimes it seems sluggish, but maybe its just my timing. Anyway, I really do recommend it if you like these types of games."
76561197998183960,Recommended,255070,18716603,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Feagwath,"More like a rogue-like fighting game than a metroidvania style game, which will probably throw a lot of people off at first.  You're going to need to give the enemies more attention than you're used to, and the controls will not be like those of a platformer.But if you're willing to put some effort into learning the controls, it can be a very challenging and fun title.The art style and  atmosphere created make this one of my favorite games.  The enemies are interesting and well scripted, so that you'll need to learn their individual strategies and weaknesses in order to deal with them.  The three main playable characters have very different fighting styles and allow for customization of weapons, accessories and special moves.  These can synergize to give the player much more power when the right combinations are found.The levels are procedurally generated, so each playthrough you'll want to pay attention to the map layout to find the most desirable route.  The different difficulties make quite a bit of difference in AI ability, and you'll want to stick to the easy levels until you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,255070,12528590,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SliceOfHam,"Game has a Smash Bros.-esque combat system. From my extensive knowledge of smash brothers, even the best of people can get easily cheesed/comboed/killed when outnumbered with decent skill/AI; get ready to die when you're unlucky. This game requires  some skill level, and understanding of the combat system; tactiful mind knowing when to retreat, spacing, and etc. The speed of this game is not very fast paced compared to many other more recent fighting games so some might say it is slow/clunky so it takes a few tries to get use to (there is a training room). My friend is pretty bad at platformer games, so it was funny watching him die from failed jump attempts multiple times. I'm a terrible person.You can play as 3 main characters, but you are able to capture/buy ""souls"" to transform into monsters and play as them until you want to switch or it gets killed (which then you return to your character as they were before you transformed). Using monster transformations makes getting through the game easier. Some monsters suck while others have really cheesy skill sets and/or incredible mobility (centaurs can jump very high and far). You can purchase/find items, but they are temporary (you lose them on death) so the only thing you really keep is money. The game also updates based on how many times the final boss was defeated (total of leadboard scores).Co-op mode is fun, but with friendly fire on (default setting) in this type of game I can see why only 2 players are supported. You would spend more time getting beat up by your teammates than the monster. Luckily, there is an option to turn off friendly fire with minor limitations (leaderboard related). Monsters can't hit each other unless charmed so I think it isn't fair getting mobbed esp in co-op (increased number of monsters boss/miniboss)if they all ignore your friend and decide to♥♥♥♥♥♥you instead. HINT: if you solo play in online settings make sure FRIENDLY FIRE IS ON so you can kill monsters you've charmed instead of waiting for it to wear off.BTW PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT CONTROLS BEING INCOMPATIBLE. People give diffrent suggestions, but I personally use Joy-to-Key program. I didn't have to buy a new controller for the same controller I use for every game I play compatible or not.tl;drI got this two-pack for friend and myself; (EDITED) $12.50.2D Platformer fighting game with sufficient skill customization and able to level up.Supports local and Online Co-op.Has PVP for online and local.Game updates based on cumulative leaderboard score.Get a program  if your controller doesn't work with this game. (I use Joy-to-Key)Difficulty 6.5/10 (practice makes perfect!)Rating 8/10 (+1 Price, +2 Smooth Online Co-op experience, +3 Good game for its genre, +2 replayability)"
,Recommended,255070,11252545,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Okami no Taiyo,"(Sorry for my bad english i'm french) Abbyss Odyssey is a f**king beautiful game ! The gameplay is very very nice, easy to learn and funny. Just after 1hours of game, I loved it !! So if you want a very nice game not boring, take AO ;D"
76561198058832277,Not Recommended,255070,11297873,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Starlix,"This game wants to be like Castlevania very badly. It had a good idea and somewhere along the line the development team took a page out of the Sonic Team book to do a bunch of cocaine. This is the only explanation for putting fighting-game like controls in a game that requires fast responses and mobility (you know, like Castlevania). A clunky, slow, and tedious battle system plaques this game like the warlock you are to stop. The opening song is awesome and then the rest of music is lack luster, yay. You may think the updates they will be coming out with will improve it, but i prefer a more playable product from the get go. The first patch improved the game by 1%, hooray, 99% yet to be improved. Co-op is crazy, it has friendly fire in a close quarters side scrolling combat game, ""oh, but you can turn it off"", and to that I say it hurts the overall community progress towards ""defeating the warlock"" so whats the point.Maybe one day it will be in a better state, I really wanted this to be good, to scratch my castlevania itch (lords of shadow is a disgrace and doesn't count imho)Overall: Go play Castlevania Harmony of Despair on PS3 or Xbox 360, its the game this was trying to be."
76561198036397399,Recommended,255070,15132148,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Knarwhal,"This humble little game comes with a fairly reliable and customisable moveset for all characters. Even though movement and attacking can feel sluggish and inappropriate for navigating platforming (like how adventure mode in Smash Bros Brawl felt to navigate) the visuals, the interesting systems and variety of enemies kept me playing. As you learn characters moves and also recognise attack patterns in the opponents then a feeling of decision making and skill on your part is rewarded. For example, you might recognise a short-range attack, back up then hit them with a long-distance attack on their recovery."
76561198006653128,Recommended,255070,15648522,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"The brilliant and strange art style from the Zeno Clash series, combined with lots of historical flavor and fun gameplay. It has a combination of persistent RPG and roguelike elements that ensures that no two playthroughs are the same, and that you will have to adapt according to random events and drops. There are three different characters who each cater to very different playstyles, and you can also get almost every single monster as a random ""item"" or ""drop"" to conserve health for your main.Only real downsides are that there aren't even more main characters, and the final boss is ridiculously harder than the rest of the game."
76561198019146555,Not Recommended,255070,11669313,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Colonel Amazing,"Clunky combat, draconian save system and absolutely terrible ""backup"" makes the time I spent feel like pulling teeth."
,Recommended,255070,11308420,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BiggNife,"Abyss Odyssey is a weird little game. At first I wasn't too happy with it, because the game literally tells you nothing going in. However, after about a half hour or so it started to click - it's a a roguelike platformer with a combat focus, basically.I was expecting the combat to be similar to something like Marvel vs Capcom based on videos, but in reality it's much closer to Smash Bros, with normal and special attacks based on directional commands. Once you get the hang of it, taking down a bunch of dudes feels pretty satisfying. I strongly recommend getting the special cancel upgrades when you can, because it gives you a lot more freedom to play how you want.I also love the art and sound design - If you've played ACE Team's other games like Zeno Clash you know they have a tendency to get weird, but the atmosphere in AO skews much more towards ""pleasantly trippy"" than ""uncomfortably disturbing"" like parts of ZC did.One complaint I have is that for a roguelike, the main difficulty isn't too hard - I beat the final boss on my second try, though it's worth mentioning the difficulty scales as you level up. Also, the devs just added a ""Nightmare Mode,"" and it they're already tweaking game balance via patches. It sounds like ACE Team has every intention of continuing to update for months to come, so I'm definitely curious to see how the game changes in the future.  Worth a look if you like games like Spelunky."
,Recommended,255070,18845570,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Summary:A game that may not have the longevity to warrant comparisons to Rogue Legacy, but definitely has a unique battle system that relies more of slow but pointed movement. The combat system at its core felt like a good changeup for the genre as it reminded me of having influences from fencing, and it's complemented by a beautiful art style and a great soundtrack. The game does have content problems, as it's corridors and enemies do start to grow stale over time, especially in the layout department. However, combat surprisingly never felt TOO repetitive for me due to its mechanics, and I disagree with a lot of users saying that the controls are bad for the game: they perfectly fit in for what the combat was trying to do. In the end, the mixed rating on Steam really surprised me about Abyss Odyssey: I felt the game did give a great experience that stood out from others in the genre, and is definitely worth a look for fans looking for a slower, but more detailed combat experience in the end.Gameplay Footage and Video Review:https://youtu.be/XQMovTDE3PQLists:+:Combat feels pointed and well refined with all the different characters and monsters that you can play as, and yet it working well for all of them. If you're looking for Smash/Rogue Legacy, it's not that, but something a bit different, where it punishes you for big mistakes.Precision is rewarded well and I really enjoy that. You really do feel like you master combat in the game once you get a hang of it.Some claim the controls are bad for the game, and I have to say: nonsense. It works well for the kind of game that it was going for, that it complements the game in the right ways.Like the basic storyline they go for here, despite it not being that big in the overall picture. Enough intrigue to make you want to know more.Interesting mechanic in the soldier picking up where the hero leaves off, being a bit underpowered but having to fight his way to resurrect the hero. Liked it.Characters feel unique despite seeing some of them before in other games of their series. Always loved these character designs, even the human ones.Wonderful aesthetic with a great soundtrack makes a game that hits well with it's overall art style and unique 2D/3D models.-:Over time, the lack of variety in the environments will make the game feels repetitive.Could have used a lot more “random” events to spice things up over time.Leveling feels unbalanced in the long run, as having higher levels seems to make the game significantly easier, or at least it feels like it. Wasn't having problems at all around level 50.There's some weird glitches that happen, and a reasonable slowdown at times when defeating enemies. It's not the most optimized of games, that's for sure.Some double jumps can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with the secondary characters in particular. Too little leeway at times can lead to a lot of frustration."
76561198040463925,Not Recommended,255070,17743463,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Child of Darkness,"Negatives:Character controls and movement feel clunkyPositives:-Interesting soundtarck & ArtworkVerdict:At the end of the day, it's gameplay that matters and I'm afraid it fails to deliver."
,Recommended,255070,33028793,Posted: 30 June,all,Phrasmotic,"This game is basically a 2.5D Dark Souls, and should definitely be approached as such. It isn't clunky, it's deliberate; much like with Dark Souls, rushing blindly into an area and trying to mash buttons will just result in a quick death. Much like in Dark Souls, every enemy you encounter can quite easily kill you if you don't understand how the game works.I guess a lot of the negative reviews are coming from people who expected a far more casual game for some reason? I'm not sure where they got that impression from. It's a very difficult game, and should appeal to anyone who liked the Dark Souls games.tl;dr Side-scrolling Dark Souls."
,Not Recommended,255070,33067093,Posted: 30 June,all,The Tykero,"The combat is fun for a while, but it has about as much depth as a typical brawler. Some enemies have absurd frame advantages that make defeating them come down to guesswork or brute force. After beating it once I didn't really feel compelled to go any further."
,Not Recommended,255070,17079933,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kaddiss Telelia,"I want to recommend this game. I really do- the sound track is beautiful, the art is superb.But I can't. The controls are extremely strange. I'm STILL re-mapping them to something that works. There are a few instances in game where it'll glitch and you can't get rid of a helpful tip pop-up.The game is also meant to be played with a controller. Good luck with a mouse and keyboard as the controls are even worse- yes my controller broke and I had to suffer a few levels before I decided it wasn't working.Also- when you die the soilder you control feels even heavier than the one you were playing. It's almost twice as hard to jump and attack- which the combat is a bit sluggish.Also certain enemies will almost instantly defeat you with a few hits. It's pretty much the player struggling with the hit box and the AI fluidly defeating you.I'll still probably mess around with this game- as I said I really want to like this game. But recommend I do not."
76561198013067129,Recommended,255070,18202478,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Samseng Yik,"Really like the art of this game.  Good Chile mythology from Chile developer.Some players need sometimes to get the hang of combat.It is great but not suitable for less experience fighting game player.A unique game among many other,"
76561198025583141,Recommended,255070,18723067,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cuppy,"Don't be mislead, this is not a Brawler/Beat 'em up, it is very much a hard but fair fighting game with platforming and rogue-like elements, a controller is a must for this one.Lore rich, high skill cap, co-op, beautiful art/music, interesting enemies and compelling story are some of the best elements of this game.My only gripe is the very nature of procedural level generation which makes up for very repetitive levels."
,Not Recommended,255070,17200243,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[HSOWA] Chip Of Dell,"A ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that tries too hard to be Super Smash Bros, Leave it to the Brazilizans to ♥♥♥♥ up a great concept"
,Recommended,255070,21453459,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Minegarde,"I do and I don't recommend this game. While starting out the controls felt clunky and heavy-ish, after some time in combat I understood that the way fighting was designed its just something you have to get used to. It does become more tactical, but in a sort of rock paper scissors advanced kind of way. Move in, are they blocking? I should throw or move away or throw a fireball to goad them into a dodge to catch them at the end of their animation. Which became more enjoyable as I continued playing the game.I didn't really play the other characters, however I was more concentrated on beating the game. If you're looking for a game to enjoy a playthrough and have a good experience based on that single playthrough, I don't recommend this game. However if you're looking for a game where you jump in, fight enemies for a while and enjoy a randomized dungeon experience through a bunch of playthroughs. I would recommend this game.I beat the game in two sittings and enjoyed the experience but its not a game that really sticks with me and makes me want to talk about it with everyone. If  someone was like ""Hey I saw you play Abyss Odyssey on Steam, how is it?"" I'd just be like ""Its aight."" and that's all. But it does feel like a good game for when I come home and just want to beat up some stuff with some strategy and don't want to put too much effort into.To sound like an old fogey gamer (which I might very well be at this point) the gameplay is reminiscent of games from the SNES era where you just played it and got used to the controls, clunky controls weren't something to be like ""Screw this game."" as long as the clunkiness worked with the gameplay. Then it was just getting used to how to play the game and finding the experience you were meant to enjoy because you had 5 more days with the rental and you beat all your other games already, also you just moved to the area and realized it was a neighborhood of grandparents mainly so you had no other kids to play with."
,Recommended,255070,28105986,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hashaship,"Tons of replay value. In- deph combat that gives you a lot of room to improve your skills with a particular character, and with such a diverse cast, you  are most likely to find something that fits your playstyle.So, if  refining your combat skills  is one the things you enjoy most in a game, this is for you. Although  the runs through the game could be finished quickly, I always feel like there's much more for to do, as I didnt master the combat with everyone yet."
76561197982880044,Recommended,255070,18747637,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Aliah(Eve),"Seems this game has gotten a strangely bad rap that is quite undeserving. If you like story, sure, there's not much to be had, but the combat system is decent and rewarding by how well you can understand and chain combos. The areas you get to explore have a unique art story and a verticality, and enemies are very much just as interesting, all looking like they were out of a Tim Burton movie.If you liked Super Smash Bros, and like exotic fantasy settings, you will find more than a few hours of enjoyment out of the game.Is the game worth $30? No. Is it worth $15? Sure."
,Recommended,255070,12518290,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,"Sho ga nai, the science guy","This game has done more to scratch that beat-em-up itch I've had than pretty much anything released in the last couple of years. The fighting is slow, but really solid. The art is gorgeous. It's surprisingly challenging. Not a fan of the way friendly fire works in multiplayer right now, but that aside it's pretty fair. The transformation gimmick works really well in keeping things fresh and swapping between two characters with two health bars means another layer of strategy to consider when you're low on health and supplies. Definitely a much more original and successful attempt at putting together a dungeon crawler than I've seen most indie turds on Steam attempt to churn out.TLDR It's flawed, but I like it. A lot."
76561197992083855,Recommended,255070,11350529,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"It is a really nice brawler with fantastic arts, it is so challenging and you need to get used to combat to actually kill bosses and multiplayer is so much laggy right now(i tried connecting to 4 games so far all of them i was just flying around couldnt even move) but its getting constant uptades so it will be a lot better soon i guess, hours of combos and challenging combat 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,255070,11591777,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Pockets Jones,because of this game i now hate fish with a burning passion10/10
76561197970465123,Recommended,255070,11349642,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Billy13,Finished my first warlock kill and absolutely loved it. No problems with control lag (GTX670/i5) with wired 360 controller. Graphics are absolutely gorgeous and the monsters have tons of character - being able to capture their souls and play as them is a neat decision.One of my favourite games in the genre (platform beat em up???) ever.Brilliant.
,Recommended,255070,11336296,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Zaelle,"TL;DR:Having played a few hours so far I can attest this game is fun if you like side scrolling beat 'em ups with rogue-like elements and is worth the price ($10 that I paid, but I would pay $15). You can progress in the normal game by using basic techniques and skills or you can excel and go for the harder stuff by really practicing advanced techniques.Non-TL;DR:Some cons:There really isn't a lot of balance when it comes to the enemy souls. Some dominate, others die way too easily. To be fair, though, some of this is based simply on how well you understand their playstyle. Some of them benefit from a semblance of button mashing, and others you will get horribly punished for trying that and require some finesse. Then there are those few that are just bad and need some work.The controls have some small issues, but overall I have experienced much worse. For one, the climb up ledges mechanic has really plagued me. I'm not sure if it's just me or if it others have the issue, but I find myself falling a lot more than I believe I should when I feel I was correct in my controls. That said, very few times (I'm looking at you fiery shadow pits) has it caused me any big issues. Most of the time it just impedes my speed in progress. Actual combat feels well except for some rare instances of your character not wanting to turn around as snappy as you might be used to in most games of this type. However, personally, I feel as though this was intended to keep people from being button mashy and spammy.As is, I think the item depth is a bit lacking. I am going to assume that the future will hold some updates that expand the library of items as well as souls so I am not too concerned with it right now.The environments, while pretty, sometimes feel a bit samey (and this is after only four hours of gameplay). I know this is a curse of rogue-like/procedurally generated games, but it should be mentioned all the same. A little more detailed variety could really spice things up.Some pros:The basic mode difficulty as it is now, is fair. I have gotten massacred quite a few times but also excelled quite a few times based almost completely on my performance with a bit of random thrown in for flavor. I have not tried Nightmare mode yet.The art style is beautiful.The music is great. I found myself grooving quite a few times while trouncing foes.I like having various souls and items show up randomly. It's fun having things not be the same all the time.The characters are all well designed, as well as the enemies. I have not found one yet that I disliked.Being able to respec your skills is a lot of fun and encourages experimentation and building for specific floors if you feel the need. (Small con: You can't respec your skill cancel orbs.)Final thoughts:Well worth the price I paid and with all the feedback from the community pouring in I expect it to get even better."
76561198166234469,Recommended,255070,17871153,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DesSanctYew,"Controls aren't great they could be improved a lot and likely will over time be tweaked, but it's still a lot of fun and a great SoTN/Super Metroid/MuraMasa: TDB side scroll hack n slash. Defiantly feels worth $3 easy enough at this current 80% sales price. It's not as fluid as you'd expect, but has a lot going on outside of that in the limited testing I've done with it so far."
,Recommended,255070,11320431,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Nyarlathotep The Crawling Chaos,"This game is amazing, difficult and beautiful. I'm having a blast, I can't wait for more! As expected from ACE!"
,Recommended,255070,12693226,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Weiksi,"If you want tight fighting game combat, this is not the game for you. However what this game lacks in smooth gameplay, it tries it's hardest to make up for in looks and variety. The game looks absolutely stunning, and the designs of the characters are varied and interesting. The different areas are all great, but I wish there was a little more variety in them. Once you've seen one particular ""tileset"" you've seen all the permutations of it.The combat, which should be the core of the game feels a little bit ""floaty"". This doesn't feel great for what is essentially a fighting game. Sometimes moves that look like they should be hitting just go through enemies completely, and this just makes the combat feel not that great at times. It's still serviceable and has a ton of depth since you can capture enemy souls and play as them, which is the main draw of the game. Each enemy has a pretty distinct moveset and while some are clearly better than others each enemy has their own style and this gives a ton of replay value for the game.This replayability is much needed, since the game is actually kind of easy. I played this both co-op and solo, and the solo experience actually felt a lot easier. Enemies are more passive when you are alone and usually come at you one at a time. While in co-op play you usually tend to get ganged up on and comboed by multiple enemies at a time which makes the experience frustrating at times.All in all amazing art and music, decent combat, fun exploration and good replayability make this an overall great experience."
76561198030598611,Not Recommended,255070,12505252,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,-=WavE=-,"Best way to turn the great fighting game in to the bad one, is the bad control. And here control are the worstest I ever saw. It take forever to respond, and when it respond, its usual too late - character facing in wrong direction and start hitting air, when enemies long gone. This respond time making the game unplayable :(Playing Dark Souls with keyboard actually was more comfortable than playing this with gamepad.Disastrous experience :("
76561198076028955,Recommended,255070,15309619,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Blackgenma,"It's a side scrolling action game with elements of a rogue-like and a platformer. Three playable characters, each with unique move list and a corresponding weapon. The game has some light equipment collecting and leveling, randomly generated dungeon lay outs and the ability to play as most enemies and bosses, once the player's character reaches the apropriate level and capture them with a particular move.The combat system seems heavily inspired by Nintendo's smash brothers series. on that note, the game supports two player co-op and feature a four-player versus mode. The multiplayer segment is probably the biggest selling point for a metroidvania trying to differntiate itself from the restAfter you get the hang of the game, progressing to the bottom of the dungeon is not particularly difficult, and can be accomplished relatively quickly. at that point of the game, emphasis changes from merely progressing through the dungeon to smaller objectives: collecting all note book peices (items that convey the game's lore) leveling and improving your character's equipment, and collecting all playable enemies.  While its fun, it does become tiresome quickly- the experiance is short but polished enough to reccomend. It helps that the game's art, music, and scant lore are all fantastic."
,Recommended,255070,11330102,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,mo1016,"First, the art of the game caught my attention and after watching a few videos, I decide to give it a try. I was a bit disappointed at first b/c I was expecting something else (something like Dragon's Crown). However, after a few more hours, I am hooked. The game system remind me of Japanese dungeon RPG where you lose your progress and items when you die, but in this game, you get to keep the level/skills, money, and souls/characters for vs mode. Many have complaints about this mechanic in the forum, but I think it works just fine. Also, the game is designed for multiple play-through, so don't expect it to be long to reach the final boss (took me about an hour on the first try). Just think of this game as Super Smash Brothers Melee type of game with a fun single player mode for collecting characters.As for VS mode, I haven't try yet since I am still trying hard to convince my friends to get this game (they all are waiting for the next sale. Bunch of cheap asses). However, I hope the developer would tune/balance characters for the VS mode as time go by and hoping the game would be in FTG tournaments."
76561198067500810,Not Recommended,255070,12505251,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kithrin,"I read the warnings and didn't heed the messages. Abyss Odyssey may have been a good game but due to slow controls, really bad combos, and a not needed difficulity. Paying half price for this game is still a mistake. Quite sad really. The graphic are beautiful and this could have been one great game if someone would have picked up the flaws during production.Oh, by the way if you are thinking this is a SOTN kind of game. It's no. No where close. Best to move on."
,Not Recommended,255070,13747634,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Huffman Dickings,"What a pretty game. Too bad it's one of the most frustrating experiences ever. The platforming is clunky in impercise, and so is the fighting. Great conceptually, that could've used a few weeks of polish."
,Recommended,255070,20390557,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Waspor (ワスパー),"I really like this game. While it is not perfect, I think it deserves a higher score. The art style is very nice and macabe, although the graphics themselves are not perfect (what's with the womans hair!?), and some animations are stiff. The gameplay is intentionally slow, and you need to choose what you do, kinda like if Castlevania and Dark Souls had a kid.It's a solid 7/10, please give it a chance."
,Recommended,255070,13772647,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jsabsd,"This game is simply endless hours of enjoyment. Less ""spend every waking hour"" and more ""dive in whenever you want."" Ace Team has risen to the top of my favorite game company after playing this and checking out their other titles.If you are looking for a downside, it's repetitive and it lacks depth. But, again, repitition and lack of depth are strong points. This game is ultimately about jumping in and going. It can be confusing when you are unable to pick up weapons (wrong character) or you find yourself playng as either a human (you died) or an enemy (you captured its spirit). You will figure it all out though.Also, if it wasn't clear from the screenshots: This game is gorgeous!"
,Recommended,255070,21088201,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jignutzbabybro,"Super-Smash Brothers set in victorian era Spain. Play as the Lady Kirby, a maiden out of time, whose destiny is to destroy the evil Floating-Mexican-Man-of-Doom. A man so evil that mandolin music plays and the screen turns a green sometimes!The difficulty of the game is widely variable, the upgrade system seems haphazard and items are all but ephemeral. But rejoice! For all of this doesn't matter since it works well with controllers. RECOMMENDED!"
76561198032575353,Recommended,255070,24347393,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DagonDogs,"Full review here:http://dagondogs.com/2016/07/13/abyss-odyssey-quick-dirty-review/TL;DR:Abyss Odyssey is an interesting game that has some great story concepts, cool art, and serviceable combat. If you enjoy Super Smash Bros., you'll likely feel comfortable picking it up, as the controls are almost identical. However, since it's not actually a fighting game, and you're only playing the part of Smash Bros. that's tacked on to add value (adventure mode, etc), it doesn't give much reason to keep playing after the first couple runs. The short amount of time I spent with it was satisfying for what it was, but there's not enough here to make me keep coming back. Pick it up for pennies and enjoy it between your bigger, more involved games."
,Recommended,255070,20760408,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lord KKs,"The game has an amazing gameplay, especially people that like Smash Bros will notice the similarity, it was a very cool idea to make a rogue like with fighting game oriented gameplay.There is even a VS mode, how cool is that?? hahaThe art is okay, sound is fine, the only problem is the level design got kind of boring, aside from the fights, the stage didn`t bring much of a challenge, so you guys need to work better on that. The last boss should be harder, have more mechanics, and more fun, its too dull. The fight with the king was much more fun.There is really some control issues, but is only the dodge and shield system. They need to get more fluid, its funky, and it fails to respond if you try to act too quickly.Overall it was a great experience, i hope ACE team do better in the future!"
,Recommended,255070,23270464,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,"Very pretty game with strong soundtrack that is very reminiscent of IGAvanias. The randomized structure of the game and the degree of persistent growth takes a bit to get used to, but its worth the journey.The only thing that really bothered me at first are the controls, partly because you cant bind movement to D pad and partly because the enemies seem to read your inputs at higher levels, which makes some of the fights very frustrating.All in all, really nice game especially for the price. Ability to play as almost any of the enemies gives the game some extra longevity."
,Recommended,255070,17904848,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Takarocc,Really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,255070,29257750,Posted: 14 January,all,Ramón,"In a nutshell:* There are three characters, two of which need to be unlocked* Each character has three regular attacks as well as three special attacks, one of which is ranged. The rest are melee attacks.* The special attacks are upgradable.* You can find or buy weapons with special effects in the Abyss. Each character has a different weapon type. Weapons can give enemies different status effect like poison them, set them on fire etc.* The gold you find carries over between games, requiring you to do some forward planning.* You can plan your path through the Abyss. Usually the choice is between a faster and an easier route.* It is possible to capture and collect enemies, but I'm not sure what the point of it is.* There is a co-op mode, but I haven't tried it.I found the enemies pretty challenging, even after I got the hang of the game. Fighting enemies is also the main way to get health and mana - potions are pretty scarce - so you'll need to fight a lot. The variety of enemies, the fact that you get multiple enemies at once and the random environments make every fight different. Because of this, the game never feels repetitive. 4/5."
76561198013758546,Recommended,255070,17907389,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Warlock666,"I'm 5 hrs in, and unlocked the 2nd character. I like this game a lot. Don't let the reviews whining about ""clunky controls"" turn you away. Use a controller, as it's a platfromer / brawler, and using a keyboard would just be silly.  This game operates on a combo system, so if you start a combo, your character finishes it before you can do a different move (you will unlock up to 3 combo-interrupts later on to cirumvent this).To avoid getting killed, PLAN YOUR FIGHTS OUT. Button mashers will die. BLOCK, DODGE and STRIKE when an opening apears. THINK FIRST, and you'll find the controls work just fine. I'm excited to keep playing. Snatch this one up while it's on sale, though I'd argue it's worth the full price :) ."
76561197996950776,Recommended,255070,13888222,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,baby jesus,Very good game.Reminds me a lot of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.The whole look and feel of the game is very unique and absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,255070,11356258,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,KrillinInTheNameOf,"This game is very fun. Combat reminds me of SSB, but not quite as good. Beat it my first time in my very first run. Proof again that Northerlion is bad at video games."
,Recommended,255070,11277833,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zoku,"This will be my first review so while I am not the best at it I do want to share my small inputI waited weeks and weeks for the release of this game anticipating its release. Lets just say that I was not disappointed at all.I assume the description of the game above would suffice so I won't touch much on describing the setting or the events.I would like to start with the music, a core for such fantasy games if I do say so myself. This game has a rather memorable sound track that more then fits the setting and resounds with you as the adventurer traveling deep within the abyss. whether you are traveling through cold crystalized caverns or through the hot and humid depths covered with foliage and jungle vines the music seems to pop out and speak well with the player.I rather like orchestra based music so a 9/10 will be my ratingThe graphics and art style are a good choice for such a game. The enviroment seems to pop and speak out very nicely.Not much else to say about the graphics so we will leave it with an 8/10Now the gameplay is what I liked the most. It reminded me of games like retro castlevenia with the side scrolling adventuring elements along with the diverse baddies and ability system. Its got a wonderful feel that I feel would have great replay value and while I keep dying and respawning just to die again I still have not felt that replay value lower for me. The AI is fun and advanced from the easy all the way to the hard floors and I have found no true patterns to their movement and attacks. oh.. I forgot to mention that you also have the ability to play as the enemies but that is only possible if you have obtained their soul through purchase of a merchant in the abyss or through a lucky drop. I would also like to say that you have no ability to collect equipment and that if you die you start back at ground zero, your levels and abilities stay at their respective level and status along with your gold value but your items themselves are lost to the abyss until you buy them or find them again.9/10 since it offers great gameplay and at a high replay valueMultiplayer seems to be finicky for me. If I invite my own friend or brother it will work fine but if I join another person or they join me it has a lagfest now and then. I do love the support of several players on the same PC and since I just so happen to have several controllers laying around I gotta say, this is a very useful feature. It just so happens that you can also attack your allies so in a fight sometimes it is best to isolate yourself away from your ally unless you can find a safe approach.5/10 but when it is working 10/10Music - 9/10Graphics - 8/10gameplay - 9/10Multiplayer - 5/10 but if working 10/10Overall this game is amazing for its price and I would recommend it to anybody who is looking into buying it.You can add me to play with me if you want ;D"
76561197973034678,Recommended,255070,11324782,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,LukeBu,"Looking at Abyss Odysey coming from ACE you may worry that this is going to be too wierd like zeno clash.  In actuality it is filled with Chilean mythical creatures and characters. It is a combination of 2D platforming and fighting games.  The fighting elements borrow from directional attacks, dodging, and blocking/parrying from super smash bro's, but slow the action to a set animation method like in dark souls, for a more tactical fighing system.  There is a system of limited cancels while fighting to inturupt your attacks with dodges or new attacks. In reality, the AI is not perfect, and will do some dumb things, sometimes react faster than most people can, or just stand there and let you kill them, but it is my opinion that the AI is good.  Music and art elements are excellent, with beautiful backgrounds.  The inventory system is limited with 3 item types and a weapon, that you can get more damage on and gain elemental attacks. On death you are replaced by a soldier that tries to ressurect you. If you die as the soldier you lose all items, weapons, and progress, but retain all money, levels and shortcuts.  The game is randomly generated each time, but does not feel much different.  The death restart makes it matter if you like roguelikes or not. Loot can feel like it helps but starting again is not a huge drop in power. There is added multiplayer, difficulty, and vs modes the add much needed replayability, and the developers have a promise that they will add more content based on how many people beat the game, with a mask that breaks as more people win to illustrate.Overall it is my opinion that this is a game only some people will enjoy.  Watch some videos before buying, and make sure you are the kind of gamer that would like this."
,Recommended,255070,11277512,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,schnedwob,"Like Super Smash Brothers, with a little bit of Dark Souls thrown in for good measure. ACE does it again."
76561198052844908,Recommended,255070,11506162,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Finn,"This game is really well done. What you basically get is ""Risk of Rain"" with a fighting system like a real fighting game.My only criticism is about multiplayer friendly fire: If you want to contribute to communite progress you need to have friendly fire enabled. At ehe same time the game forces both players to be in the same screen all game long. So most of the time you are really close to each other wich makes it hard not to hit one another. This requires a lot of precision and focus which takes away some of the casual gaming experience.I like this game a lot, though I have to admit, that I would always prefer ""Risk of Rain"" over it."
76561197997944791,Recommended,255070,11286078,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Chien Maigre de l'enfer,"Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥Not only an awesome visual experience, this is also a great game.Immersed in a gothic world, you can play three different characters that you'll unlock by playing this game. You will remind the Castlevania games and enjoy the gameplay, the difficulty and, particulary, the cooperation. Because, yes, you will need help. A LOT of help !You wanna have a good moment in a splendid dark world ? Try it. You are a Castlevania fan ? Take it, now.And behold in the great soul capture power : You will like the way it keeps you safe behind your monster !"
,Recommended,255070,11289631,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Wizzle Cinders,"What a fun game! Just beat the dungeon for the first time, and it was a great ride. Love the environment and the variety of enemies. The combat can be a little clunky but once you get it down, its quite fun. I would add in check points as people with little time may find it hard to finish the game. The ability to turn into your enemies is awesome. All in all a great game with a few minor issues. Definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,255070,11374518,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,x v,"Thoughts so far. It's really good. I have a bunch of complaints but they're all minor things that are only really a problem because they add up to be a pain. I'd still highly reccomend it to any fans of the games that inspire it.The bad: It's kinda laggy. My computer's fairly good and I have all the fancy graphic stuff off. No idea why the framerate is so atrocious.It's bad at explaining things. I bought a Burning Mummy. No idea what it did but it went into the same slot as an Undead Soldier I captured earlier. I died and.. Turned into a regular soldier? What does Curse do? Camp Tokens? Does falling into a pit instantly kill you? Is this boss taking any real damage from my attacks? What are these random soldiers doing, why do I only sometimes get locked into an area to fight, etc etc. Does a camp token at an altar mean I can take a break after it saves?It can be hard to tell enviromental effects from traps that will kill you.The warlock journal pages are random in order. I got the last ones first.It's not as hard as I'd have expected.The good: It looks nice.Chile isn't really a highly utilized setting.  The enemies start off pretty generic like Undead Soldiers and Centaurs but crazy plant birds and masked bird people and weird tree root golem things came up and were pretty awesome.The music is nice too, but it's kinda samey.The core gameplay? Really fun. Castlevania-Smash Bros-Dark Souls-Spelunky is the best summary I can give. Probably the most enjoyable indie game I've played since Hotline Miami came out a few years back.Lots of variety by being able to play as the monsters.The backgrounds are really well detailed."
76561198015166636,Recommended,255070,11280328,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jaina,"The first thing I do with any new game is go through all the settings and rebind the keys. So I rejoiced when Abyss Odyssey actually let me set my own controls. INSIDE the game client! That always seems to be the first thing that lower budget titles and console ports leave out these days, as even the occasional AAA game forces you to muck about manually altering config files in a text editor. So I was overjoyed to be playing an innovative new smaller title that actually did things right!Then I actually started playing... and found things weren't quite as well implemented as they seemed, which this review formerly ranted about. Yet now I find, barely a day or two later, that they've already patched to fix them! Full points to ACE for rapid support! The controls, keybinding options and on-screen prompts are now top-tier, better than most games out there and leaving me nothing to complain about.Which means I should really find something more to say about the game itself...But for now I'll stick to my previous summation: ""I'm immensely enjoying it, despite being quite terrible at it."""
76561198038305133,Recommended,255070,11304486,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,D Pool,"I can't tell you how addicting this is...I've lost my job, my car, my family...oh god....SSSSHHHAAAARRRROOOONNN.....just kidding, buy the game, four-eyes!"
,Recommended,255070,11619534,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,MNSS,"Strange, peculiar, sometimes incomprehensible, Chilean game ....8 of 10 caps"
,Recommended,255070,11305273,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BiskutMentega,"Not your averange hack n' slash.The good:+You can play as anyone in the game, even the boss. Provided that you've captured/bought their souls+Looks good graphic wise+When you die, you'll play as a soldier. As a soldier, you have a chance to revive you character at an altar, which is sometimes rare to come by.+Online coop+Community based objective. Don't know what the surprise it, but everytime a player defeat the warlock, it takes away a little chunk of the warlock's mask.The bad:-It seems that the developer cannot make their mind whether to make a roguelike game or a roguelite. The gold you earned in a playthrough are carried over, but the items you bought from the merchants are not. In a single playthrough, you can get about less than 10,000 golds. A level 3 sword cost more than 10,000. This means that you need to save golds from multiple playthrough to get a decent weapon.However, you can complete the game without buying any trinkets/upgrades from the merchant. This is because none of your purchase from the merchant makes any significant difference in your playthrough. Except healing and mana potions of course.-Platforming is a mess.-Intentional lagging when turning right/left.-Friendly fire in coop sours the experience because you can't simultaneously hack the hordes of enemies.  Most of the time you will sit idle in a corner while watching your coop partner doing all the job.About the combat, I can't really say it's a bad thing. Combat sure feels stiff. It's like doing mathematics while hacking your enemies because you need to plan first your combos before engaging an enemy. Nonetheless, there is some moves that you can spam/abuse to make the game easier. This easy to execute moves are balanced by the fact that enemies cannot be hit when they were knocked down, plus the AI is REALLY HARD in a hard difficulty level - they parry, block and dodge your attacks, and only attack when there is an opening.This game is hard to recommend but I don't think it is a bad game. It takes a few tries to like Abyss Odyssey but when you master the ""clunky"" combat, you'll love it."
,Recommended,255070,11309301,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Quady14,"Another awesomely unique title from the talented folks at ACE Team. Combat system works like a slower, more deliberate version of Smash Bros. mechanics implemented into a hack 'n slash dungeon crawler, with some great features like the ability to possess any enemy in the game, each with their own unique movesets. It's a fantastic concept with a bit of a learning curve, a beautiful environmental art style, strange and macabre creatures and a superb soundtrack.Also Ghost Monk can tombstone enemies a la Ganondorf which is the best thing ever.EDIT: Ghost Monk's tombstone is no longer the best thing ever, becoming the Warlock is the best thing ever."
,Recommended,255070,11356478,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,hiphoptherobot,"This is a short, easy game, but well worth it and vastly replayable.  The art style is lush ""Day of the Dead"" themed and just very beautiful."
,Recommended,255070,12619907,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Im only an hour and a half into this game, and I'm already having a blast.One of the best features is that it has couch co op. Hook up two gamepads, and you and a friend can play through the main story together. And trust me, you will need all the help you can get.Combat is geniunely deep, and you can't button mash your way to victory. Attempting to do so results in you getting steamrolled by the enemies, who have full movesets just like you do.An interesting mechanic is that characters essentially have three ""layers"" that must be destroyed before they die. The top layer is the stolen soul of an enemy. You can capture enemies and become them, being able to use their unique moveset and stats. But when you run out of health you go to the secpond layer, which is one of the three heroes you chose to play as. Finally, if you lose as your hero, you end up as an emergency character, and your goal is to now find an alter to revive yourself. Should you fail, and die as the emergency characyer you are kicked back to the first floor of the abyss, money and skills intact, to try again.the atmosphere is beautiful, and truly dreamlike, and the audio is amazing. There are some issues with the yells and screams in combat getting grating, but thats not a huge issue."
,Recommended,255070,17886416,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,actzoltan,I went ahead and tried the 3 day free play of this game expecting something close to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.Well i'm happy with what i experenced the game is challengeing it does rely on the players skill alot to go deeper into the dungeon. This game is worth full price but i feel lucky to get it at 80% off give it a go what can you lose if you do not like it refund before 2 hours played.
76561198047163313,Recommended,255070,17885905,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,stp602,"This may be one of the most beautiful games I've had the luxury to play in a long time.For any metroidvania players out there, particularly those who loved Symphony of the Night, this is a must-own!Although AO could be heavier on stats, and could benefit from a more robust inventory system, at its' heart it is a rogue-like fighting game with an incredible sense of aesthetic and a profound depth of replay-ability.9/10."
76561198168939601,Recommended,255070,25905058,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mentalgearedsnake,"I was getting nostalgic about SOTN at the time when I stumbled upon this on steam's procedurally generated queue, and this game surprisingly delivered.If you can suffer through permanent death and awkward controls, there's some replay value, challenge and interesting lore to be had here."
76561198018407897,Recommended,255070,12562657,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Admonisher80,brought the 2 pack and when I looked up from the second time playing this game 5 hours had passed. very addictive very retro. very fun!
,Recommended,255070,17887600,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Brownittoya,"I see a lot of people having problems with the controls, let me justify.Aside from the game being ABSOLUTELY beautiful in both sound, art, and mechanic design (I’ll get to this later), the controls are evidently the tipping point for how much the average person enjoys this game.First of all, don’t play using a keyboardSecond of all, in my experience the xbone controller is great with this gameThird of all, stop complaining about what you can’t utilize wellI will explain, but first, some background; I first played through dark souls with a mouse and keyboard. it wasn’t very hard at all. I just had to get used to the control scheme and visually map out what my hands would do the instant a certain action on the screen would occur. From here I gained and eventually had strong instinct in my movement, even while enduring the hardest of boss battle patterns I’ve come across in dark souls.The problem that most people have in related to the controls of dark souls in using a keyboard, is that nothing works well and it requires too much thought to map out the visual que to the hand movements. Say jumping from windows 7 to windows 8 for instance, everything is better in windows 8 (EVERYTHING) but the ones who enjoy it in the end have a inky dinky windows 7 start menu program running and the ones who really don’t enjoy it say so because the god damn start menu is different. (Insofar, people who enjoy DS use a controller because it presents a much easier learning curve)I feel it tooWith these example scenarios (I could go on but I digress), the problem in the controls lies within a deep crevasse that in some way, disjoints the expectation of combat, and the reality. Being a super smash bros player for quite some time, I can tell that there are a lot of scenarios involving a much too specific time frame in executing an attack in order to fight proficiently. For the time I have spent playing this game, I may have encountered 6-7 situations where I actually feel sluggish because I instinctually committed to my next attack when an odd ending buffer proceeding an attack was still activated and overlaid the next button I pressed. I ended up falling to the ground, having done nothing as an enemy stands beside me.This sluggishness I felt really threw me for a loop as I did not expect it, but this doesn’t mean I can’t understand it. Every time this scenario happened I understood exactly how the mess of me losing 400 hp in a style uncanny to that of Oedipus's downfall came about.The style I would assume most people desire is that of faster paced action and blazing up enemies that were weak, and having a challenging time calculating the pattern of the strong enemies. This does not happen in this game. Period. The AI, somewhat fun to play with, tend to predict your next action right as you commit to it, and this requires deep thought into what would make this fight easier for you. At this point, I fireball a guy and he dashes towards me then I jab him, I think this would start to get boring if I put in a couple more hours. Back to the point though, most people would not think of this as an actual technique in the fight as it involves subconsciously predicting the systematic error that the developer created for the AI. The AI is incredibly bad in a sense that they know what move you might pull within a millisecond and so most people would do away with trying to efficiently combat this systematic error. ""Fix the [heartheartheart] controls"" is the next thought process because in order to combat the AI at this point is to have luck, hardcore desire for achieving, and deep active thinking. I don’t mean to undermine anyone who think the controls produce a steeper than normal learning curve (because they do), I’m just saying that it can still be learned even in an environment as effective as this game's, and learn it I did.But who has time for deep critical thinking when I just want to play games? let’s just give up right now because pressing the controls feel sluggish and between each attack, filled with hundreds of milliseconds (in a sense, bear with me) in desync between the user calculating his next move and emulating near instinct for enemies' patterns is morally crushing as they just come right back at you with a simple, 1 turn 100% prediction. Its psychological at this point in how people feel towards the combat of this game as well as its perceived sluggishness (maybe I’m just a good player as I only had 6-7 occasions where I wasn’t proficient (because of the desync, in which I noticed) in dealing with enemies up in the air, beside me, and/or firing a projectile at me at the same time)Run ons for days, boys, because this game is actually really good and unfortunately the enjoyment in its combat is based on how the average person deals with its near necessities. It may seem like I’m saying the combat is restrictive, but it’s not.The sheer mechanical design in terms of the games combat intricacies and how each ability/movement is nearly woven with the next alongside the characters in which envelope the quilt, pleases me greatly. It does so because in getting past the debilitative learning curve in learning why you feel so sluggish, the combat starts to open up new opportunities for combos because you start to feel relieved that you don’t actually suck at the game and you don’t tilt as much (tilting would lead to one mashing buttons and none of them would actually make a pattern here as a byproduct of how the combat system works). You can weave your own patterns and still be effective against a part of the systematic error within the AI. This is what, in my opinion, allows for the winning edge to be had in most fights in both actually winning fair and square, and feeling good about it. I see many people saying how they just smash and bash their enemies against the wall because it’s… [Necessary I suppose?]I feel this correlates to how people feel in the keyboard controls of dark souls and in switching from windows 7 to windows 8. One, because the learning curve for both are so steep that some don’t even want change in the first place (dark souls: take me back to where I have a controller in third person please. windows 7-8: take me back where there’s a start menu that I ""learned"" how to use my entire life please.) you see my point?there is an artificial learning curve for this game caused in the developer's lack of forethought (these are probably very inaccurate accusations, sorry cool guy/guys who enjoy actively updating this game in order to get out of the 68% (now 67%) rating crap hole) that has been evidently present because people don’t want to learn why things happen and just want to do what they already know.Those are pretty much my thoughts on why the general player base feels the need to act out and state why they feel that the controls are so bad (thanks for being vague guys, rock on).Also, I love the otherworldly kind of phases in which you change into a character (such as a skeleton or metal golem, or something else I’ve only gone through 2 of these zones) with a completely different move set as the walls and ground tremble in a sweet droopy mess  around you in a unique black and white fixture.Concluding StatementI give this game a 9/10, with a 10/10 sufficing if not for the negative connotation provided by unfortunate souls who can’t take 3 seconds to assess the games current abstract situation. (Much as dark souls with keyboard or windows 8 with metro theme/tiles)I'm going to buy this game now, thanks awesome developer(s?) for your hard work. I hope that through my means this post does not offend you in your ways of bringing such a great overall feel and concept alive. Peace"
,Recommended,255070,11277426,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Nauya,"Abyss Odyssey, it's a game you'll have to get used to before you can really enjoy it.I'm not saying it's bad, this game is REALLY fun and rewarding especially once you've got a hang of the controls.The game is paced like your average rogue-lite these days, delve into a dungeon that's randomized everytime (although currently the biomes for the dungeon always stay the same) fight things to get exp and money, use money to buy weapons, potions, camp tokens (Checkpoints) along the way and try to reach the end to defeat the Warlock.However some bits stick out, the game lets you keep all your gold through all your runs so no matter how much you fail, you'll always have your gold to buy better gear at the start with. Another thing is that your level is kind of... Not integrated with Roguelike elements. Basically it kind of starts getting a bit more like an RPG where dieing is a part of the game until you get strong enough. Your level never resets, letting you grind until you can just beat the game by having too high of a level, which lets you have more and more HP.BUT! Then another element comes into play, where beating the game isn't the goal anymore. You see, this game has a ""Capturing"" system that lets you take the souls of monsters your level or below and transform into them. Your mindset shifts from ""I want to beat the Warlock"" to ""I want to capture and BECOME the Warlock"". Of course, the Warlock is at a high level, 70.Now, from a gaming standpoint without having played this or something with a similar ""let you play as everything"" system like Guardian Heroes, you'd think, ""Why would I play as monsters? Aren't they usually weaker than players?"" In Abyss Odyssey, everything has the potential to be as good and if not better than the three player characters. Especially considering how free form this game's mechanics are. By that, I mean there's no limits or gimmicks with anything. Every single enemy and also the players all apply to the same Smash Bros. like combat mechanics, so everything can be grabbed and thrown no matter if it's the final boss or a random goon or even the player, everything has the same amount of fighting moves (the Heroes have more but you can only equip 3 at a time), and every enemy and player feel like they are strong enough to be able to go through the game. Of course, later monsters and bosses are more powerful but nothing feels too much like super weak throw away trash.This mechanic also works it's way into earlier gameplay as well because monsters you capture have their own seperate health bars, you can only have one monster soul at a time but the game lets you switch to them at any time so they can either give you another character to play as in that run totaling to 3 (Hero, Soldier, Monster) increasing your survivability and letting you delve deeper.Overall, I'd say this game is... Very niche. You have to like a lot of different game mechanics from various other games to really enjoy this. The game fights like Smash Bros. handles rogue-lites a bit like Rogue Legacy, platforms through dungeon areas like a Metroid-vania, lets you play as anything in the game (except small bugs that die in 1 hit) like Guardian Heroes or Code of Princess, and it also has Three Player Co-op with three characters that handle very differently almost giving it a Trine-ish feel, especially with the Art style.If all of that in a jumble seems really awesome to you, there's no way you won't like this game, but if all of that sounds like it'd clash and make everything awkward and the game kind of... just flat out weird, I'd avoid it.Still, for only $15, it's got enough content to match if not, surpass it's price point. Especially with the new content that was slyly promised for everyone beating the Warlock enough times.[EDIT]Friendly fire is now toggleable but if you have it off you won't contribute to breaking the Warlocks mask. Think of it like a practice mode.Dungeon variety could still use some more randomization since Biomes are still stationary, otherwise, it's a pretty enjoyable experience, especially with a friend."
,Recommended,255070,11355947,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"It's not often that I fall victim to the ""SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!1!"" routine, but when I saw the trailer for this, I almost threw my wallet at the monitor.  I mean, it looks like a Metroidvania with multiple characters and it's made by Atlus.  Impulse-bought.Having said that, it's not a true Metroidvania, but I'll get to that in a second.-Similar games:  Azure Tower, 2D Castlevania games, Rogue LegacyPros:-The art and animations are BEAUTIFUL.  I mean, really gorgeous.  All the assets.  Sound is also fantastic, the guitar strings are particularly well done and haunting.-Jumping/Double-jumping are spot on, a must for a platformer.-The combat system is deceptively simple and can be compared to your standard fighting game.  Attacking, specials, block and grab for any opponent who is blocking.  The best part is that ALL the enemies have these abilities, and you had better believe that if you're leaning on that block button too hard, you're going to get throw and probably comboed.  Best enemy combat for this kind of game I have ever seen.-One of the core game mechanics is to switch your character with a monster you have captured - they then have their own fighting moves as listed above, and there are versus and co-op modes where you can adventure with a friend or fight them, and the playing field is relatively even no matter what character/monster you choose.-Upon death, you respawn as a city guard and have to fight your way to the nearest altar to resurrect into your main character.  Pretty innovative, though the guards could be a little better at jumping.-ZERO BUGS.  Phenomenally clean release.  Altus keeps up the quality.Cons:-Though this looks like a Metroidvania in the trailer, it's not.  All the levels in the abyss are generic platforming sections with traps - your standard fare.  The backgrounds, though they change, do not affect the level play one iota - no monster is specific to a level theme unless you count the frozen fish.  So it's basically reskins all the way down the abyss, and there's no innovation in the level design at all.-The levels of experience are almost inconsequential.  Once you become good at the fighting system, this game becomes much easier, and I didn't notice much difference in the levels going down once I became semi-decent at getting combos.-Even though the game includes a training mode, this game could have benefitted from a tutorial and there was ample opportunity (with ALL, not just some, of the control scheme and abilities you have right off the bat) to present one in the prologue.  For example, I did not know I would dodge using the left and right shoulder buttons until I saw it in the menu, since the game only tells you to use the block+direction method.Neutral:-The story is sorta meh.  I get what they were going for, but there's no storytelling impact in finding random journal pages.  Outside of the intro wherein the heroine explains what she is and her purpose through expositional dialogue, I encountered almost no storyline in my playtime.Bottom line:  This game lives and dies on its fighting mechanic and ability to switch characters, and thankfully this is executed really well.  Though all the levels are pretty much interchangable and uninspiring, the challenge is constant and fast-paced, and unlocking new characters is rewarding even if obtaining them can be difficult.  Recommended at its current price, and can't wait to play co-op and versus."
,Not Recommended,255070,12504964,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Kesvalk,"When i played this game i could see the devs saying ""hey let's make a smash bros clone with some dungeon crawler element on it!"" and halfway through the project they realised how difficult was to actually make the fluid game play of smash was and decided to release the game with them half done.The game feels clunky and slow, the attacks hitboxes hit all the wrong places (one time, i had the foward attack miss the two guys right in front of me but hit a enemy behind me) the specials all start instantly and kinda end halfway leaving a very shallow experience on the player.The dodges and block feel underwhelming and heavy, and there is no complexity to the attacking and comboing mechanics.The main mechanic of the game is actually useless and you will be better off using your main character instead of the monsters.In the end, it's a game that has a lot of potencial, but squander it because the devs clearly don't have the expertise necessary to pull it through."
,Recommended,255070,12507872,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,Nice roguelike. Awesome visual part and hardcore gameplay.
,Recommended,255070,15622080,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ziggy,Highly recommend if you have an interest in the depth and complexities of fighting games but lack the dedication to put in the hours required to be good at them. It controls like a slower Super Smash Bros and has the feeling of suspense from Dark Souls' difficulty. Very fun to just pick up and play for an hour or so every now and then.
76561198025296495,Not Recommended,255070,12517958,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Hypersapien,"Currently I would give this game a 3/10.  I had high hopes for it, but I felt the game play was clunky, and had a moderate level of bugs.Clunkiness:The simple act of jumping on ledges or platforms is needlessly difficult.  Often times it takes me 5 attempts or more to jump up a wall just to progress to the next area.  Fighting, in my opinion, doesn't feel skill-based, it just feels random.  I am still a novice at the game, but speaking as someone who has a degree in animation I felt that the enemies lack anticipation and signals that might give you queues on how to fight them. Blocking, dodging, throwing, attacking- they all seem instant and unpredictable, so fights end up feeling more like a dice roll than anything you can handle skillfuly.Bugs:A friend and I were attempting to play co-op, but we had to host the game 4 times before it was even remotely playable.  Typically we'd load up the game, and one of us wouldn't be able to see enemies or platforms.  Even when we resolved this issue, one of us still wouldn't be able to see certain in game items like keys.Design:I'm not a fan of the segmented stages (Metroid like), mainly because each individual stage doesn't seem to have a purpose or goal.  You progress through one stage,  kill a few guys, maybe see a vendor- and then the stage ends with out any real kind of punctiation.  What is the purpose of splitting the game up into these segments if each one is the same as the one before it. There are unique encounters, but they are far too rare."
,Not Recommended,255070,13011149,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Stabbity,"I don't understand what everyone likes about this game.  The only difficulty involved in this game is how poorly the controller is setup.  Other than that, I'm glad I got this kinda cheap.  I absolutely would not recommend this game."
76561197972103428,Not Recommended,255070,12688932,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Melchizedek,"Couldn't really get into this game.  Sorta was expecting it to be fun like dust or bloodrayne.   But it isn't like those games.   It is sorta the control hell of assassins creed one where the monsters just dodge or block and one gets stuck fighting them for way too long.Also, the maps seem randomly generated so there is not much of a sense of geography.It is cool that there is a bunch of voice acting.But the tedious crawl and difficult controls just spoiled it for me."
,Recommended,255070,17937385,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Roehm,"Dark souls + rogue legacy = Abyss Odyssey.Dark Souls:- Combat- 3d visuals- Players enter your game to help or to pvpRogue legacy- roguelike- 2d gameplay2 considerations: you must play at least 2 hours to learn to play the game, and is highly recomendable that you use a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,255070,11696509,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,BINARYGOD,"Beware of controller bugs!!!  I have died several times when my character could do no longer move left or right (until a game restart) and other times the controller is dead until the game restarts.  Also, the enemy AI basically cheats to be good (controller input reading) and your ability to response feels... clunky.  I also do not like games like this that do not place enemies but instead wall you off temporarily and spam enemies at you.  I also think this game is yet another in along series of random-map games that doesnt really do much to make you feel like it was hand crafted - at some point someone had to innvoate in this sub-genre!  To sum it all up - most of the time when I am getting hit, I do not feel like it is my fault, and the enemy AI and placement leaves something to be desired, as does the level design (however the art and music are a 20 out of 10!!!).EDIT - I will give the game major props for addictiveness.  Even though I think it would need some work before I could really love it, I am still feeling this odd pull to play it again!EDIT 2 - I wouldnt mind a game like this in a more metroidvania setup up (large, open worlds, random if possible, determined if not)."
,Not Recommended,255070,16498588,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"A Chilean roguelite with really great hispanime art and music, that plays similarly to a really stiff smash bros.Nothing terribly great to see here.  I'd recommend it only if you're imagining the worst in how stiffly it will play."
,Recommended,255070,18214342,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,[SGC] Socialized Medicine,"I don't care much for platformers, so you should be very skeptical when I tell you how much I like this game.  I love fighting games and rogue-likes alot, so you might dismiss me as a fan of those genres too.  Frankly, this is truly a game that defies classification.  I always prefered the old D&D arcade side-scrollers to Golden Axe.  I saw Dragon's Crown and wanted that kind of game on PC.  Abyss Odyssey was not that game either.It really was much better.  Please check this one out, it's damn good, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,255070,17879568,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Vel,"Great platformer style game. Wonderful graphics, audio, and attention to detail.To be critical and split a few hairs: Audio and voice overs could be polished by 5% or so in terms of quality of sound and delivery of scripted lines. Graphics with all effects activated feel like they could use 5% polish. Maybe a bit of gentle AA (eg. 2x AA) or perhaps some texture filtering? Otherwise the experience is great.An obvious, if small note. This is a game you want to play with a controller such as a 360 controller or similar. There are keyboard control options but i can't imagine trying to use them due to the twitch nature of this platformer."
76561198064481955,Recommended,255070,18375992,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,moriikanshiro,"This game is a amazing game; it has just about everything you could expect out of an rpg: dungeons, monsters, fighting, and questing.Now let me just say that despite the side-scrolling nature of the game, it does not hinder the game-play at all. In fact it somewhat keeps the player from being overwhelmed by the entirety of everything around you. The graphics are beautifully made, and the gameplay is really smooth. Even on online, the gameplay does not get hindered at all. While the fact that the game costs money to play is a factor, it shouldnt detract from this amazing game."
,Recommended,255070,17925959,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,RedKaiBlack,"So I really liked this game. The combat was very easy to control and get used to and yet hard to master as any good fighting game should be. The Abyss that you go into is interesting and there are several characterrs you can meet who are all interesting in their own way. The three playable characters are fun to play as, as well.One thing I don't like is the levelling up system, but this may only be me. You level up by getting EXP by kiling monsters in the Abyss and for every 3 levels you get a skill point that can be used to upgrade one of your 3 special attacks in 3 different ways. Or you can use it to get a permanent cancel which lets you rapidly use a special or dodge during attacks. This is all the variety you get. I would have enjoyed it better if you had a bigger variety of skills you can upgrade such as your attack or speed or ability to dodge or defense. This to me felt limited.A funny story though is as soon as I unlocked the second character, The Monk, I decided to play as him. I expected to die pretty quickly because that's what I had been doing with the first character. But as a level 1 character, who eventually reached level 19 by the end, managed to beat the whole Abyss and the last boss in my first try. I hadn't ever played as this character before and I beat the game first try. Whether this is good or bad, is up to you. Personally I think I was just lucky to have found so many health potions in the dungeon. I personally recommend this game as it was the first Rogue-like I actually liked. 4/5"
76561198015233287,Recommended,255070,18335518,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mangu,"Recommended for intense gameplay, gets a bit too rough at first (almost unenjoyable) but then you learn to use cancelling techniques AND MAGICALLY THE GAME SEEMS FAIR FOR A BIT. Seriously, it's brutal on newbies, after you get the hang of it, you actually enjoy it. Steep learning curve warning! (typical ATLUS...)If you manage to get past that lemme know, and congrats! you can now start to enjoy the game and not rage every encounter ever! (my first playthrough... I still remember it, and I cry when I do... T_T)"
,Recommended,255070,17959464,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,zipperworld,"I can't recommend this game enough.  All of this studios games so far have been taking conventional gameplay and kinda twisting it.  I'll tell you right now that's why many people like this game, and that's why also there's lots of negative reviews. From the looks of it, this game is a platformer hack and slash, but its a platformer fighter which has caused people disappointment when the game is a lil too clunky or hard.  That's not to discredit legitimate peoples criticism of this game, sometimes you wish you could jump just a lil higher or hit a lil harder or be a lil more responsive. But that doesn't get in the way of enjoying the game if you arent turned off so far.  There's endless replayability here as you have 2 main characters to level up as well as a later unlockable third as you travel down 3 columns of procedurally generated levels. On top of that theres 2 reserver characters that come in if your main dies.  One of the main mechanics is the ability to capture souls, allowing you to switch back and forth between your main and this monster soul.  As far as I know, you can capture every enemy in the game including the last boss, and each one has its own set of moves, though you cannot level them up.   If you like Castlevania but want something a lil different and new, get this.  If you like fighters, get this.  If you like Super Smash Bros., or Rogue-likes then you NEED to get this game.  Throw in an incredible art style, intense music, and a really great Dev team, and you get a wonderfully unique experience of a game.  I honestly believe this to be one of those ""gems"" that get lost in between the cracks of indie games.  This is worth every penny, especially if you can snag it on sale."
,Recommended,255070,19954599,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FunLightDog,i like it
,Recommended,255070,12614465,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Bob Vagene,"THIS GAME IS TOTALLY PLAYABLEonly noobs downvote it , i finished it numerous times.dont be salty stupid kids , skill require practice ;)Awesome game , would make fun of noobs again."
76561198092435908,Recommended,255070,17923684,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Propman1198,"This is an absolutely beautiful game, it took me a while to adapt to the controls, but aside from that it seems to be very well constructed and balanced..."
,Recommended,255070,16607253,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,megarust,Feels like castevania if that were a roguelike with randomized levels.  It was pretty addicting up until I beat it.
,Recommended,255070,16610860,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ArchColossus,"This game feels a lot like Super Smash Brothers Brawl's Subspace Emissary. They controls are very similar to Smash, and the platforming feels spot on.Multiplayer is a pain do to poor chat options, either always on voice, or nothing. The fact that the game has friendly fire is also a pain, and turning it off stops you from posting to leaderboards and the like.Skeleton Warrior is best soul."
,Recommended,255070,13277828,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ToNFa117 (SSK),"Amazing game, need more games like this!"
,Recommended,255070,11318322,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jinkson,"I follow ATLUS with interest because they often produce games for people with a hardcore or old-school sensibility in mind.  Most of their titles are either hit or miss, and I've been flipping back and forth but it looks more and more like this game has more promise than I initially thought.  Abyss Odyssey is a mashup of Metroidvania-style level navigation, roguelike aspects to finding items and the construction of the abyss, Prince of Persia-style level dangers, and a combat system that is some smooth fusion of Dark Souls' one-on-one and dodge/defense heavy action and side-scrolling fighting games.  There's a clunkiness to character movement that compels you to learn move distances and timing, so every moment of battle is tense and exhilarating.  There's also permanent death in the roguelike fashion, but as so much of your success is going to hinge on your own ability rather than what you gain along the way, it doesn't matter too much if you die and you should expect to die a lot.  Money is carried over between lives, as are character levels, but a lot of items are ridiculously expensive and it's often better just to thoroughly plumb the abyss for your powerups.Initially you play as one avatar, and you unlock two more (with their own advantages and disadvantages).  This sets itself up to be very limited, at least until you find that you can purchase or steal monster souls (with a special mana power attack that takes a long time to charge) which lets you wear their forms and use their attacks, effectively using their souls as a meat shield for a little while.  This is nice and adds a ton of variety to the fighting system.These features alone wouldn't hold my interest in the game, but I've noticed that it has a drop-in and drop-out online multiplayer.  Since I first purchased the game, they've released a patch to let people choose whether or not to enable friendly fire.  Friendly fire is enabled by default, and it introduces an interesting dynamic to online games;  You have to learn how to keep your space from your partner and learn how to block and dodge effectively so that you don't take the damage that's meant for the enemies.My only complaint is that there is still a lot of patching for ATLUS to do for this to be a game as solid as it promises itself to be.  There is no way to determine your latency to online games right now, and if you're too laggy, the desynchronization is very much not pretty:  You constantly fall through floors, and are stuck in a mid-jump animation glitching in and out of the floor.  Good luck jumping or even trying to fight.  I hope this is resolved soon, because if you can get into a game with low latency and a considerate and dangerous partenr, this game is a great way to kill a weekend or few."
76561197996572395,Recommended,255070,13302233,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Programmer_Scum,"A delightful game with constant challenges. I've Rage Quit several times now, but I keep coming back."
,Recommended,255070,17927922,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,roamingbeauty,"I don't see why people hate this game so much.I guess the controls are kind of awkward but.. you adapt.I mean, I enjoy it. I enjoy any game that has Atlus's name on it.That's one of the main reasons I picked this up.Now, I may be a bit late to review this but I can suppose it's one of those games not for everybody.Mainly because how the characters are controlled.But, once you actually try out the game and get used to the fighting style.It's quite the little gem to have in your library."
76561198011822829,Recommended,255070,11283064,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Heillder,"Abyss Odyssey is like a very well made mix of Castlevania and a fighting game. With some customization, you can create your own combos while levelling up, choosing to add special abilities that will, if well chosen, make your combos longer.Being able to transform into enemies and monsters is also really fun. Each monsters have their own combo sets and special abilities. I'm a little saddened by the fact that these do not have levels and customization of their own, but them having a different Health bar can be very useful.The game is pretty hard. Until reaching a higher level, dying every time you enter a Hard floor isn't too surprising. Dodging and blocking is fully needed for survival. Jumping and grappling will also help a lot. Co-op mode is sadly very limited. Although it's fun, the camera always centers between both characters, and when a player goes too far, they disappear off-screen and can make things complicated. Friendly fire is also always on, and makes for very cautious battles, while enemies are not always affected by this.All in all, the game is fun, but better to play solo, (Unless playing in Versus mode, which is like playing a fighting game with the characters unlocked through the story) unless you and your friend are used to difficult/fighting games.Edit: The first patch will attend to some problems, as well as change something related to friendly fire being too harsh."
,Recommended,255070,11351749,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,"If you've come across Abyss Odyssey expecting a procedurally generated brawler/platformer hybrid, then you might find yourself slightly annoyed by the combat system. While the game's art direction, soundtrack and lore is charming and invigorating, the combat system plays much closer to an arcade fighter. Say goodbye to spectacle fighters' button-mashing and brawlers' single-button win-strategies. Abyss Odyssey's combat forces you to think before you act and make each move count. From zoning enemies using projectiles, to frame-canceling attacks into special moves.For all the good the game does, its tutorial is sparse and lacking, and puts players into the hotseat of ""die and learn"".The game's difficulty isn't excessive, with a single clear taking as little as a few hours of trial and error (your mileage may vary). If the game suffers from one single problem, it's the blatant input-reading that goes on during certain encounters. While this adds to the overall difficulty of the game, it's hard to tell whether an enemy is ""smart"", or simply cheating."
,Recommended,255070,11253388,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Reizei,Epic game ! That's it. ;)
76561197978495252,Recommended,255070,11325208,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,L etranger,Like Dark Soul but in 2D
,Recommended,255070,11323504,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,iceypan,"Skillbased, cancel attacks, challenging platformer, gg"
,Recommended,255070,11341269,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,CaptainPoopsock,"Holy mother of god, this game is great."
,Recommended,255070,11357015,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,J'ba_Fofi,"An amazing side scrolling, platform action rogue-ish! It's like Castlevania and Guilty Gear double teamed Kirby. The ability to play almost anything in the game (bosses too), and have them be just as dynamic as a main toon is really a selling point. The fighting game mechanics in a dark, side scroller remind me of the Guilty Gear: Judgment days.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,255070,11264812,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jheronimus Bosch,"Quite challenging in a good way. No handholding, like in Dark Souls you have to explore to figure things out, story is totally optional.Friendly fire makes it a bit tactical, because you don't wanna end up killing your friend and start all over again, you have to think about positioning and moreover it requires actual cooperation just to get through a level, unlike many other ""co-op"" games where teamwork reduced to opening doors.Combat is fluid once you get used to it, yet it can seem clunky at the begining.The best part about this game is pacing, stages are pretty small, it only takes from 3 to 7 minutes to complete one, you won't get bored, and it has its ""one more level"" feel.7/10 — it's ok"
,Recommended,255070,11274730,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CrystaljDesign,"Incredible value for such a high-quality production. Graphics, music and overall presentation are AAA. There is a ton of nuance to the way it plays. I found that I wasn't doing very well by button mashing, but when I started thinking of it more like a fighting game and not a brawler I did much better. Enemies don't stand still or move in the same patterns. They each have their own unique moveset like any fighting game character, making battles dynamic and challenging.Your character level and gold (and some other things, I'm still learning) are saved between each play session but the game world is re-rolled each time you jump back in. This can force you to have very long sessions if you play until you die. I hope they modify it so you can save the world state at a certain point. It's tough to devote a long stretch of time for one playthrough.Overall, highly recommended if you are into roguelikes and games with deliberate animations/controls like Dark Souls. Not recommended if you are only looking for a beautiflu, story driven platformer."
,Recommended,255070,11274768,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Perk Princess,"You got your Smash Bros. in my Rogue Legacy!You got Rogue Legacy in my Smash Bros.!( And some Binding of Isaac and Castlevania as well. )This is a mashed up bowl of fun. The artstyle is enjoyable and the game feel tights. Combat is weighty, giving it a bit of a tightened Street Fighter vibe. Combat is similiar to Smash Bros in inputs are treated as directionals + standard or directionals + specials.While the three playable characters may seem like very little for a platforming fighter, the Soul Capture system makes it so that every single enemy is in fact a fully working character. While some are obviously low tier mobs, some have some excellent options that make them viable characters by themselves.So far, the only complaints I've had have been the lack of a way to configure a controller in-game. Buttons had to be mapped from a config file. While annoying, Devs have responded they are working on a patch for this.( Devs are quiet talkative as well, which is a huge boon. Just check the discussion forums to see how involved they are with the community. )"
76561198003685687,Recommended,255070,11274958,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jeoshua,"The game is not quite what I expected, but it is enjoyable and I look forward to continuing.As other reviewers have said, the game is  a rogue-like lite.  Similar in a number of ways to Rogue's Legacy, both in setting and in mechanics, you start the game with one of three characters who, upon death will need to restart with only the default weapon and no items.  However, you do get to keep your levels, your special maneuvers and your gold.  This is important because you'll need to build up a store of gold in order to purchase camp tokens- these are required for save points throughout the Abyss.  Fortunately, while the better weapons are, of course, useful, the combat system is such that you don't *need* to have that level 14 sword over the level 10 sword you start with.  You can get by on your own if you want to save the coin.The special attacks, meanwhile, cost no mana, which is a great aid and allows you to freely incorporate them into your combat style.  In fact, the attacks, which have a great deal of range- just the first two are a fireball and a jumping overhead arc with your sword- *build* your mana.  The only thing that appears, thus far, to consume your magic is the assimilation of your enemies, and that can only be done when you have a full mana counter.While I'm on the topic, one immediate con: so far as I've seen, you can only ever have one such enemy assimilated at a time.  There's no library of shapes you can shift into, which is disappointing, but the mechanic still does add some interesting variety to the game, as well as present you with a means of surviving (monster forms have full health when you first shift into them, giving your main character a respite).Of course, the most striking thing about the game, and what likely drew you to it in the first place- it's gorgeous.  Every character is individually painted and rendered and it looks beautiful.  The settings do not disappoint.  It's a lovely game and easy on the eyes.Metroidvania is going to be the watchword for any review- the game clinches it.  The fighting style, though, brings to mind something closer to fighting games.  Some enemies are setting-dressing, and you'll finish them off quickly.  Others, though, have a more dramatic flair, with the screen darkening at the borders and preventing you from advancing or retreating until the enemies are dead.  Fortunately, you are not without allies- the soldiers who are policing the hole leading into the Abyss have come down with and ahead of you.  They can easily pop up during a fight to lend a hand, an axe or a gun.Controls are not as tight as I would like.  The right joystick both operates to pick up and interact with things, if you press it in, and has limited operation in moving and attacking.  However, because it's sensitive to that movement, you have to be careful about pushing it when you're in combat.  Further, even out of combat and away from a tense screen of platforming, you're going to be frustrated with figuring out which button, the direction pad or left joystick, actually has to be pressed to set your special attacks.  These are relatively minor in the scheme of things, but they add an unnecessary frustration.Overall the game is fun, and I wasn't surprised to see how quickly I was engrossed.7/10- will interrupt Skyrim to play."
,Recommended,255070,16480659,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jest,"It's a fighting game with combos and all sorts of juggle/cancel tricks that reward good execution, inside a rogue-like, where you have to sometimes fight multiple enemies (and bosses) at the same time.  Difficulty-wise I'd put it above Dark Souls, and below Monster Hunter in terms of how long it takes to master the mechanics/boss-fights.There's a coop and VS mode.You can capture and play as every monster, including the bosses.This game is amazing provided you're the type willing to learn, break-down, and practice mechanics instead of blaming them for sucking.  Once you've practiced with cancels you'll be flying around the screen like a ninja, pulling off 20+ hit combos and dodging everything with invincibility frames.Original art, unique mix of genres.  It's a masterpiece in my book."
,Recommended,255070,11285958,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ray,"This is a really nice looking kind of cross between a platformer and a beat-em-up. The art direction is great, and the combo system is a lot of fun. Unfortunately, it's a bit too easy to clear the game at the moment. The developers plan to add a harder difficulty mode which may improve this."
76561198039701436,Not Recommended,255070,11505447,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kotomi,"Great aesthetic, music and voice acting;but the game is too short and incredibly repetitive."
76561197970680807,Recommended,255070,12576138,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Holy_Terra,I read so many review tell about how bad this game is but after i try it by self only real problem about this game is character turning speed and no way to cancel move action beside these peoblem this game is really fun and very addict. i like how random floor and enemy system work in this game make the game fresh eveytime i play it.Overall the game really good but you need to learn how to deal with sniff control which possible to drive you of in first minute... but still i recommend this game anyway.
,Recommended,255070,12796137,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rutilus Phoebus,"Artistically amazing and fluid as all get out. The spectacular art direction and hauntingly gorgeous score really make this game. What would otherwise be a very solid Metroidvania action game with a twist is sold by the sheer beauty of the world. The gameplay is well done, and the randomly generated levels feel fresh each time you play."
,Recommended,255070,13157025,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jemony Snippets,"It looks amazing, it sounds amazing, and (once you get the hang of it) it plays like a dream. Seriously, I was a bit upset after playing it for the first time after buying it, but once I learned how to pull off certain combos, it grew on me like a bad case of hemmorrhoids. In a good way, of course. As of this writing, I only have an hour of play time in and there's a reason for that. My only beef with the game is that it's so unforgiving. An hour's worth of gameplay, and I have made so little progress, people have started nominating me for a position in the federal government. In order to respawn anywhere other than the starting area, you need a camp token. Where do you find them? Hell if I know. Some merchants (very few and far between) will sell one and only one, but they're ridiculously high, and you lose them permanently if you die. On rare occasions, you may stumble across one, but don't hold your breath. If you die (and you will die) you get one chance to respawn by means of fighting as a soldier until you reach an activated check point. My problem is that I've only found three tokens, of which I lost two, and my only activated checkpoint is a hell of a way away from anywhere I need or want to be.In conclusion, get it, but be prepared to punch-proof your monitor"
76561198064527406,Recommended,255070,13938534,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"Tonight I beat this game six times in a row, and I plan on doing it all again. I really enjoy this game. The character and level designs alone are worth at least looking at YouTube videos of the game. The game itself is pretty fun to play on top of that. I'm really not the biggest rougue-like fan out there, but this one has me.On the positive side the combat is fun. It's not at all natural in how the characters turn. That is a giant flaw in the system, but when you figure out ways around it that combat flows really well and it's very satisfying to start laying in the combos. It's fun to swap out with an enemy that you've captured as well. Some of them are much better than others (like my personal favorite, the merchant). Some of them you can switch over and just take control of pretty much any fight. Some of them you switch to them and realize the only way the game could make that enemy challenging is if the game was reading my key imputs before deciding it's next move. Because some of these enemies are pretty awful to play as (like the boss with a sword for it's nose). Even then, just find enemies that work well with your play style and you'll be fine.I sort of put a couple of negatives in the review already, and really they're the only big ones. Sure the last boss could be more difficult, but I don't really mind the difficulty where it is. I haven't tried nightmare mode yet, but it seems like it's just a suped up version of the regular game, which is fine with me. I think the biggest thing working against the game is in the limited number of items and enemies. There's a good amount, but not that many. From what I can see there's three weapons for each element, a handful of trinkets and maybe... 25 or 35 enemy types. Ish. More variety would be nice. It seems like there are some characters missing too. The page where you choose a character has plenty of room for at least one more character, but it doesn't seem like there is one. Which is a shame.If you were already interesting in this game you should just get it. It's a solid game that's definitely worth adding to your library. If you're looking for a rogue-like that has as many options as something like Rogue Legacy you might want to go some place else."
76561198017337665,Recommended,255070,14203964,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Atmentod,"The first title comparison that comes to mind is Super Smash Bros. There's a combo system, levelling, and best of all - the use of any enemy you fight as a character. It's brutally tough, rewarding, though it can get repetitive if you play it too much. I'd recommend it mostly for single player, as the co-op is still lacking after all of this time. Experience is not shared and is only given to the person who gets the kill. The other negative to co-op is that boss clears only count if friendly fire is on. It's extremely frustrating."
,Recommended,255070,14356146,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Holy Diver,"Fascinating artwork, there’s no doubt this is a good-looking game. The game play was fun too, if you’re into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,255070,14069948,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,will824,A very nice but short game with an innovative system.Nevertheless controls fall a bit short and some people would think it is too short.Overall I enjoyed the game and you can see its just a quality game that falls a bit short on its promise.
,Recommended,255070,12475311,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Eight Rounds Rapid,"Very pretty and only real Rogue lite I like due to it not playing like one and more like an old beat em up. It is extremely fair in the way you gain items, it gives you chances to screw up and recover with fair checkpoints and give you revival for you character. I am quite crap it though."
,Recommended,255070,12493168,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Fly,"It's similar to a roge like game, such as risk of rain and splunky. The game play is that of a fighting game/braller. I've got my money's worth out of it playing with friends. Works well as a living room game with steam big picture and controllers."
,Recommended,255070,12502971,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Essential NPC,"The game feels like a mixture between The Binding of Isaac, Dark souls and Trine. The game is very much an arcade experience, meaning that the game relies on replayability, rather than a long storyline. Much like The Binding of Isaac, It is a very interesting experience where you'll have to evaluate risk and reward as you're moving through the levels. The combat is ""well enough"" but could be better, the control input in particular can be a bit wonky and leave you in some awkward situations."
76561198024967745,Recommended,255070,12528815,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Rizlar,"The basics of Abyss Odyssey could be described as 'Super Smash Spelunky'.The game's store page does a good job of describing the technical details, the character and ability unlocks etc, but it doesn't really describe how incredible the visuals and audio are.The environments are very atmospheric and the assorted, nightmarish enemies are absolutely stunning. You can see from the screenshots: giant peacock warriors, creatures with glowing circulatory systems exposed, and this variety permeates down to each of their charactistic move sets. The whole game is immensely, impeccably stylish, with surreal and dream like colour and variety - yet somehow it all makes a coherent vision, with everything underwritten by art nouveau stylings and Chilean culture and folklore.Combat was extremely satisfying; skillful and involving. And progression down through the levels felt substantial but forgiving of failure. Playing carefully, each death is a setback rather than game over, though die too many times and you will be forced further and further back towards the surface until you have no respawn options left. It's a perfect example of punishing but fair game design, the combat and death system both.It was a delight to play and a rich and fascinating world to explore. If you think you might like it, try it. You may be surprised at how deep it goes..."
,Recommended,255070,12504209,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Xriah,"Enjoying the heck out of this so far.Similar to Smash Bros in controls and feel, combined with ACE's character desgin makes for an interesting & fun game.Best with a controller."
76561198080064211,Recommended,255070,12562349,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Turny,"Soooooo awesooooome, I'm just in love <3 Every single Atlus game is PERFECT. <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,255070,12867392,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,da  B man,"Abyss is a dark fantasy game about adventurers going into the abyss to kill the demons and the warlock who summons them.Pros: The game settings and atmosphere are beyond perfect. The animations are fluid and hard to predict for enemies. The skills are nicely varied and fun to fiddle with. You can dodge and block attacks. You can grab enemies out of their blocking positions. There are a lot of weapons you can collect. Dying results in playing an army bro who you have to reach to the nearest shrine to resurrect your character. If you fail to do this, you lose all items collected, and go to a dark death room where you can change character, allocate skill points and choose which entrance point to start in, so it doesn't feel like permadeath as much since you keep your current level and health amount, but losing gear and weapon is still punisher enough that you will work hard not to die. There are multiple characters and creatures you get to play, which is never boring, as some are quite unique to use. There's also a ""training"" option in the main menu that you can choose only to practice using skills with certain characters, it does not actually train you on how to play the game. The game does not hold your hand, and you are forced to find things out on your own, there is a ""How to Play"" in the options menu under ""Help"", which I will strongly recommend checking out as you will not find any other way of doing things. Personally, I think that's a pro, but can also be seen as a con.Cons: Expect a challenge if you're set on playing this with a friend. The friendly fire is annoying at best, and the lag is ludicrous sometimes. The skills that you loved in single player are much harder to use when there's the CONSTANT risk of hitting your partner and feeling like an idiot. What's worse is sometimes the enemies will all dodge you skills, so even if you sandwiched the enemies, you still have a good chance of hurting your partner. That having been said, it makes it more difficult, frustrating, and yet oddly enjoyable to master with a friend, or kill eachother trying. The jumping does NOT improve the situation. There's a glitch, or rather, a difficulty with the programming where the player attempts to jump up onto a ledge and the programming cannot decide if it should jump onto the ledge or slide along the ledge, this causes the player to keep attempting to jump onto the ledge without success until they finally get it. I'm not sure to what purpose the ability to slide down ledges was added, but it's not nearly as useful as CLIMBING A LEDGE. I'm holding back a lot of rage on the matter, as with multiplayer games you will look the retard over and over again as you just can't make that jump, and your partner will be waiting for you... or you will be waiting for them to try and climb that god forsaken ledge that only took you one or a couple of attempts. There is no real tutorial in the game, and there should be. Even dark souls had a little tutorial on what to press and how to do certain things, especially when those skills are unique to the game (enemy capture!!!). The story is a little like dark souls as it does not go into much detail on why things are the way they are, and what exactly is happening in the game, which could be a game design choice as was with dark souls, so it's only a Con if it bothers you. Any other cons I could pitch off to my horrible skill in side scrollers/fighting games, so I will not mention them.Thanks for reading my review!"
76561198051449996,Recommended,255070,12869505,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Daevlion,"I've only logged a couple of hours into the game, but I can say the controls feel very tight and the scenery in the Abyss' levels look great! The music reminds me of them good ol' Castlevania games (before LoS reboot), as well as some other elements. I find it cool that the game has a sort of fighting mode where you can also play as some of the monsters as you unlock them throughout the game. For every Castlevania or metroidvania fan out there, this game's a must have."
76561197998043958,Recommended,255070,13983337,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,gonzodamon,"I definitely recommend this game. The animation and models have a great art style. A lot of time and love was clearly spent building this game. The movement and moveset takes a little bit to get used to. Starting off, the characters do feel a bit unwieldy or possibly clunky. After adjusting to this, it becomes less of an issue. Currently, there are only three playable characters, but I'm hoping more are added later. Despite a previous console release, this game is still in early access on Steam with more content promised. So far, my one big complaint is that the Abyss simply isn't deep enough. I've gotten a good amount of hours out of the game already, but a little bit more content with the Abyss deeped could significantly increase game time."
,Recommended,255070,17935660,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Cacame Awemedinade,"Very interesting game. A mix of dungeon crawling, rogue-like, RPG and fighting game. Throw in some south-american mythology and you got Abyss Odessy.A lot of people have been complaining about the control of this game: this game is NOT a simple platformer, it has a Street Figher-like fighting system, which means a combination of commands at differing times is necessary to land combos; this is not like DMC where you hit 3 buttons and make a combo. For this, a controller is a MUST for this game. If you don't have a controller, don't get this game (or get a controller. Lots of games are better with a controller anyways).If you see a review complaining about the controls, ignore it.Now, the game does have some issues, mostly in the tutorial aspect. It has a tutorial, but for things like the menu and the shop, not for some of the important concepts like Cancel Points, capturing creatures and transforming into said creatures. However, I still recommend it."
,Recommended,255070,19800521,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Led,"Don't worry about the overall score, this game is good."
,Recommended,255070,21344518,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hedi,i realy like it its different. reminds me of Dark Soul :)
,Recommended,255070,27765442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,boohooforyou,"one of the most challenging, best modern side-scrollers you will ever play.hail atlus.sadly under-appreciated and no one plays multiplayer - due to unresolved bugs.however that said, worth wasting 10 hours or so of your life. easily."
76561198138930549,Not Recommended,255070,17492809,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,KyKiske,"moving with character in this game is like driving a car over a wooden bridge.oh yeah, and if you think maps will be interesting like in the trailer, you are out of luck, they will be the same like rooms in hospital. and afther a few hours you will feel like a patient. xDget in on sale, worth for 5-10gold coins."
,Not Recommended,255070,12513839,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Jaxxxson,"My Thoughts On…Abyss OdysseyHey everyone,With the recent sale towards Abyss Odyssey I wanted to pick up the game, as it looked like a unique brawler with a very odd artstyle.  Upon installing the game I found that the music to be incredibly well done and really brought me into the game.  As I began to play, I noticed the controls felt very…stiff, they work very similarly to Super Smash Bros. in the sense that you have an up attack, down attack and a side attack with specials mixed in.  What doesn’t feel like Super Smash Brothers however, is that they feel very, very clunky and they really hamper the fun that could be had in the game.  I constantly found myself struggling with the controls, even though they aren’t difficult in nature.The main issue with it is; the movement.  When you move left, your character faces left and when you move right, your character faces right, instead of being able to fluidly move back and forth between the directions.  This is an issue with both the combat and the platforming, as you won’t be able to latch onto walls without facing the correct direction.  It may sound minor, but it’s huge for a game that requires such precise timing and control.One feature this game bolsters is multiple characters, and truthfully, there’s a lot, pretty much everyone you fight is someone you can unlock and use in the game.  This is a really cool concept and could potentially add tons of replay value and variety to the combat.  However, when everyone controls so poorly, it’s very frustrating to use them.  This in combination of the balance which is horrid in this game, there’s some characters that are great, and there’s others that are simply awful, makes for an unrewarding experience.This game is also a rogue-like game, the abyss you explore will be procedurally generated and contain different loot, different enemies and different encounters altogether.  However, when you die, you lose everything, which isn’t bad in theory, given the genre, but there are 3 main characters and each use a separate weapon.  The monsters you capture do you not use weapons, so you don’t have to worry about equipping them.  However, the characters that do will constantly run into weapons they can’t use., which is very lame, because it’s so random, that you’re more likely to find something you can’t use rather than something you can use.  Added to the fact that you lose everything upon death, there’s no sense of real progression besides leveling up.And when it comes down to it, that’s about all you do.  You level up as you play and earn experience by killing enemies and paying a man who plays guitar.  Eventually you will level up and do more damage and have more health.  But it feels so mindless, and it’s too random in the runs you have going down the abyss which will eventually reward you for persistently grinding enemies and working your way down.  There’s no real consistency to it, you either get lucky, or you don’t, and eventually you get so powerful that it doesn’t matter.  It’s a very shallow game, even though it’s presented to be something much more.With the characters only have 2-3 hit combos depending on the direction you’re pressing, the stiffness of the controls and the horrible balance, there’s nothing to really redeem this game beyond the music and the strange but interesting art design.  It’s such a shame not recommend this game, but it comes down to it, it’s just not fun.  I really wish Atlus would give us more and better games in the future, the Disgaea series for instance is a very fun one, and I would love to see the series go onto PC.  However, this isn’t that, and it ends up being a below average game."
,Not Recommended,255070,11254415,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,OkcRanger,"Great graphics.. Great setting.. But the controls are horrible. Clunky, and unresponsive.Fluid, tight controls are a must for even a average beat em up game.  But for a so called technical, deep fighting system the controls for this game are absolutely unacceptable.If it wasn't for that, I would for sure say 8/10.  But a fighting game with control issues its like a 3/10"
,Not Recommended,255070,11290340,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Davi Braid,"Just check what other reviewers say.Even the ones that like the game say that there is a lot to improve.And that's all that it is. A game with A LOT of WASTED potential.This game is NOT as good as you think it is.The controls feel wrong. The Abyss is ridiculously short. The hard difficult isn't hard. The problem with this game, regardless the difficulty, are the frustrations you have to endure due laglike feel when playing the game. It just isn't fluid enough for a platformer or a fighting game. So how can it be fluid enough to be both if it can't even do each part well individualy?You might wanna give it a shot. But find a friend who has it first and play it or you might just regret it."
76561197993572084,Recommended,255070,11353183,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,madthinker,"This game makes me happy. I will play it 100,000,000 times."
,Recommended,255070,12734341,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,IndigoJinx,"If the old 2D Gameboy Tombraider (the good one), & Castlevania SOTN had a child... it would be this game, it looks AWESOME, runs great, controls great too, and is just plain cool all around, if you like platformer games, & games full of neat stylized ""eye candy"" then you'll prob like this. Oh the music, & voiceover work are nicely done as well... For sure it's worth the $"
,Recommended,255070,23511009,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Ridiculously pretty!It is a very strange platform/fighting game. Not the weirdest thing ACE TEAM has done so far, I think that would be zeno clash or rock of ages.It plays very strangely, more like Smash Brothers than anything else.Extemely weird, but enjoyable!"
76561198016308878,Recommended,255070,23512692,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,demonborntwice,"I've played through this game a bunch, and it's really fun, similar to Subspace Emissary in Super Smash Brawl.  The aesthetic, needless to say, is gorgeous and has its own style, and the characters actually feel pretty different depending on how you set their special moves.  I'm not sure why there are so many jabs at the controls.  They felt fine to me, though I'm not sure if that's more my taste or their hardware configuration or it's sloppy netcode or whatever else.  It is a bit slower than a true fighting game, but you can do some cool stuff here, and I'd say it's worth the buy, even if only for the art direction."
76561198129378001,Recommended,255070,23332302,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,snek boi,Better than Magic the Gathering
,Not Recommended,255070,13655099,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Celador,"Has to be the worst game i bought in some time. Tried playing it in co-op - it was buggy, it crashed, the other player had lags. The controls were awful and we ended up killing each other mother than the enemies. Its clearly not optimised for ""friendly fire"" despite what its saying. Overall its slow and unresponsive.Sometimes controls got stuck (i was using PS4 controller), sometimes the other played couldn't revive at altars, sometimes the heroes didn't swap or didn't revive at all, or got stuck.The music is good but otherwise its a complete disaster."
,Recommended,255070,16522885,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Due to how short this game is and how there is not much replay value because once you beat it with two different characters there is just no drive for me to even keep playing. I can't recommend it unless you can get it on sale cheap enough like I did. It was $5 in the 2015 summer sale and I had like $1.25 in my wallet so I got it dirt cheap. Don't pay over $7.50 (50% off) for it because it is only about 3-4 hours long. The problem with buying it cheap is that after the summer sale it will probably never go on sale again less than $7.50, which even seeing that price is rare. The other problem is that once you beat it, there is not very much replay value. I had the game on my steam andisthereanydeal.comwatch lists for several months before it finally went cheap enough. I already knew it was a short game but I thought it might have some replay value. It does a little, but not as much as I was hoping.At any rate, it is a very enjoyable game for one or two playthroughs, provided you are willing to adapt to its purposely sluggish controls and incredibly cheap enemy combo attacks, even when you are helpless on the ground. When you figure out what moves to spam on what characters to spam combos and knockdowns, do not hesitate to be as cheap as humanly possible to enemies because that is how they are to you. I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about the sluggish controls and how long it takes you to turn around. While not being able to turn around instantly can sometimes lead to you taking a cheap hit, it is easily overcome-able once you get used to the fighting system. The controls for the monk are noticeably more sluggish than the girl's because he has bigger slower attacks with a 2h sword. The girl is fast and can get in and pull off moves quickly enough to wreck groups of enemies. Sometimes enemies can ground combo you several times, making it super cheap, and sometimes the cheap hits can get you in trouble before you can get to the last boss, but overall it was not much of a problem for me. My first time to the boss he crushed me mercilessly because he has some of the most annoying, cheap, unpredictable attacks I've ever seen any enemy have. All bosses in this game do, and some of the enemies as well. The second time I played through the game and got to him I beat him by working him over as much as I could with the girl's spinning attack, working the cheap move option in my favor as much as I possibly could, because if I didn't, he sure would've.For the first 3 hours the game seemed really hard and a bunch of times I was getting pretty frustrated, but always having fun. When I got the combat down pretty good, hours 3-4 were much easier and I found the game to be considerably much easier than I had first thought.The graphics are good but the game really shines with its awesome art style, mainly in the design of the characters and enemies. The music and sound effects are done nicely as well. Everything flows really smooth too. Once I got the hang of combat I was using the way the character animations flow to my advantage to look for tells when I could hit and when I should block. Which like I said means jack sh-t though on bosses because they are extraordinarily cheap and unpredictable.It is too bad it is so short, but that is the fate of most indie games. For what it is worth, catch it on sale for no more than 50% its normal price. The short time you do have with it will be fun, and you might even want to play through it again as a different character. The sluggish combat and cheap enemy attacks, and your own ability to spam cheap hits, makes the game pretty much a one way street. A better more well thought out fighting system may have helped this game to a 7, maybe even 8, out of ten.Length 5/10Art/Sound/Music 8/10Animations 10/10Gameplay 7/10Replay value 3/10Hot chicks with big knockers 10/10Overall 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,255070,19455983,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tzupy,"PROS- nice graphics and music- procedurally generated levels -> replayability- fun with friends, even with friendly fire onCONS- no proper tutorial- awkward game mechanics- enemies feel too hard for casual players- you lose all inventory when dying- DAMN moving spiky rocks!6/10"
76561198041636869,Not Recommended,255070,18115783,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,"I really wanted to love this game. The art style is excellent, as is the music, while what I got of the story was cool. However, the controls were unresponsive and that made playing the game highly frustrating. There's not much more than needs to be said."
76561198050225810,Not Recommended,255070,12493030,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,X_Y,Control sucks big times
76561198086749437,Not Recommended,255070,13188791,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,notgotwood,"Movement of characters feels sticky, frustrating.But the look of everything in the game is like nothin' I've seen, incredibly beautiful."
76561197998925721,Not Recommended,255070,13711674,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Trix2000,"Impressive from an audiovisual standpoint and has a neat concept, but execution is rather lacking. Combat system seems like it could have been fun, but the enemies were both difficult to fight well (I found myself having difficultly killing anything without losing health) and not incredibly satisfying. The rogue-like nature of progression also got to me, but that's more of a preference thing.Was a little fun to experiment with, but quickly lost interest when I realized I'd seen almost everything there is to see in the game within the first hour. Not a bad purchase, but not one I'd recommend personally."
76561197981077038,Recommended,255070,11251419,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,S!AMEZEFUN,"Procedurally generated, dungeon-crawling, roguelite brawler with very, very interesting mechanics and an absolutely amazing melee fighting system.If you like brawlers and enjoy games like Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain etc. then this is an absolute no brainer. Also the art style is unique in every way and enhances the feeling of immersion you get while exploring the depths of the abyss in order to face the warlock in the very last chamber."
,Recommended,255070,12520114,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Wingz,"On the first game over, the game had me so unsettled I needed to vacate my bowels.  9/10 Would duece again.  Brb toilet."
76561198045479498,Not Recommended,255070,12800878,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sugar Skull,"The game has a somewhat interesting aesthetic, but the fighting game mechanics are fairly limited and the controls are clunky. In a game like this, imprecise hit detection and slow response are unforgivable. Sadly, that's not something that can be tweaked; the engine on which the game is built simply isn't adequate for fun, precise combat."
,Not Recommended,255070,12619548,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Tankor Smash,"Thought I'd like this based on it's supposed depth. I ended up not liking it for the same reason I don't like most indie brawlers: clunky controls. Every attack has so much animation time that it doesn't feel responsive enough. Maybe that's the point, I didn't like it.I was hoping for some depth to the combat system, but it just seems empty and vapid. I had high hopes for this, reget buying it."
76561197962932683,Not Recommended,255070,13527159,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ZakkAtx,"I never learn my lesson. I buy games based on all the superficial hype and ultimately regret it. This was one of those purchases. This game has good teams behind it so I figured i'd give it a shot. Game was interesting and had solid concepts but was fun for about 1 hour. After that hour it became clear they are dangling only one objective in your face and ""trying"" to make it hard to complete that objective. This could have been the dark souls of the rogue-like sidescrolling world. Instead its the Free- Korean MMORPG of the side-scrolling world."
,Recommended,255070,11502896,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,cactus friend,An art nouveau Castlevania Smash Brothers Roguelike set in alternate 1890s Santiago? How much blood do I have to let?? (answer after playing: only just a bit)
76561198060585641,Recommended,255070,11280207,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,tsubakisamurai,"Just finished the single player campaign and really enjoyed it. It plays a lot like Rogue Legacy, though far more forgiving, and the controls are actually more akin to the Smash Bros. franchise. It's the type of side scrolling rogue like that will demand strategy rather than brute force, but within minutes you will be blocking, triangle jumping, and back-air-attacking your way to victory! Worth noting that the sound track and visuals are top notch as well. I haven't played co op, versus mode, or the unlockable characters, but I felt like just the single player mode, though short, is worth the price of admission on its own. Very solid game, I recommend it."
76561197983886714,Recommended,255070,13312693,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,SeventeenMidgets,"I don't mean to knock this game, but this is obviously a blatant rip off the more recent Super Smash Brothers title.  The movement, combat moves, the dodge rolls and shielding (even reflecting projectiles with perfect shield timing).  The game does very little to innovate in this regard, and if anything falls short of the slick feather touch needed to perform some of the most delicate maneuvers in previous Smash Brothers titles.  Characters and their movements comes across as bulky and unwieldy at times.For me, an experienced Smash Brothers player, The whole experience is reminiscent of Adventure mode from Brawl thus far, although it adds a deal more options, customization, and items of an action RPG type.  However, the style is basically a very monolithic set of platforms and randomly spawning AI enemies.  Once you die, you are replaced by weaker character who is supposed to find a shrine to revive you, although thus far I have found no way to locate these other than by pure memory or chance.The story is very poor so far, almost nonexistent.  Brawl Adventure mode accomplished a better story with its universal zero dialogue, than this game does with it's castlevania/fire emblem type conversations.The best thing the game has going for it is the art style, which is an obvious tribute to Art Nouveau posters from the 1890s.  It is also good for all the reasons super smash brothers is good, but it in no way exceeds SSB in any way except the customization and items your characters has access to.Granted, I've only put in 2 hours, so I will update this if it changes after more play."
,Recommended,255070,12490773,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sid,I can be a Skeleton 10/10
,Not Recommended,255070,18668990,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PowerLich,"This game had everything there concept wise to be a terrific experience. I thought it was awesome that you could play as Monsters if you had the item, that's something that gets a + in my book.The wife and I tried to co-op. With Friendly Fire on, the way the game is intended to be played, the game is impossible. The way you have to play in order to fight enemies, you will do one of two things:One player will stand to the side and do nothing, sometimes lobbing a ranged attack to maybe get a hit on an enemy that's not blocking.One player will inevitably damage the other, sometimes locking the other player into a combo.So we turn the co-op off and it's a fun time right? Well, yes, until one of us dies.then you get to play as a blue soldier. The blue soldier cannot jump as high as ANY of the playable characters. This causes MASSIVE problems, with one player having to stop and wait for the other player to manage to out♥♥♥♥♥♥the bad controls on top of having a gimped platforming character. Who's idea was this? This ruined the experience so much that I'm going to just refund the game and get Castle Crashers or something. At least that game works properly.Fun game by yourself probably. Heavy emphasis on probably."
,Not Recommended,255070,19577990,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,KipofMudd,"This game is absolutely stunning looking. But that is really the only thing it has going for it to be quiet honest.The fighting is complete garbage. There's no real combos because your moves hit them away from you. To actually get combos you have to juggle the poor enemy against a wall or use your super. All the reviews that are comparing it to smash bros are somewhat correct but mostly assanine and not really helpful. Lke in smash bros, if you hold up and press attack, you will do an attack that is known as an up tilt, and this applies to all the directions, like in smash bros. The same rule follows aerials but they don't really lead to combos that often either. That is literally the only thing this game has in common with smash bros. So do not think you will be getting a cool game where you can combo people. There's a super move you get to use when your mana becomes completely full that can get you a pretty decent combo relative to the rest of the game though. By that I mean around 6 hits, which doesn't even kill an enemy. Useful.Edit: There's fast falling like in smash bros as well. There's also grabbing and rolling out of shielding, but that's kind of standard for these types of games.You get three specials as well, and they are pretty easy to spam and honestly make quick work of the enemies usually. There's no real reason to use the regular attacks after you get them unlocked. Hell the first girl gets a fireball which is mediocre but then she gets a counter, which you can just stand still and spam then you get a pokey attack that seems to put the enemy in enough hitstun to follow up with another pokey attack.There's random items throughout the map, which is randomly generated every time you die and go down there. There's weapons which can range from being incompatable with your character to being able to catch them on fire or freeze them. There's other passive armor type things and potions, antidotes and mana things you can pick up. Not much to say about that. Then there's these other items that you can activate that will let you completely transform into one of the enemy units. I have no clue if these are helpful in any parts but so far I find my character to be more comfortable to use.Now, you're probably wondering why I bothered typing out most of that? It's because the tutorial does absolutely nothing to help you other than your movements and give you your first special ability. That's it.I wouldn't recommend this game at $15. I wouldn't at $10. I might say it's acceptable at $5, which is what I think I picked it up for during the Autumn sale. If there's anything I was vague about that would help your decision on bothering with this game, ask me. Or honestly, just pass."
,Not Recommended,255070,13651133,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sovery_Simple,"Huh, money that takes forever to get, gives you a mild item upgrade, and is lost on death, on a game that seems based around getting stronger as you play (level up.)Overall, kinda clunky, would highly suggest avoiding this game, as some very suspect design decisions were at play in it's creation.(Origin was smart not to offer this game, as I'd of gladly taken a refund on this purchase.)"
,Not Recommended,255070,16623915,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Maxmetpt,"Being a fan of Ace Team's previous games (The Zeno Clash series especially), I was really looking forward to playing this! Even more after seeing the character design, it looked awesome!Unfortunately, while I enjoyed a some of my time with the game, it simply fails as a whole. It has several things that could have been really interesting, separately, but they just don't fit, and the whole design falls apart.The game is supposed to be a fighting and roguelite hybrid. And one of the coolest aspect was how the game ""evolves"" as people beat the final Boss. This turned out to be an artificial evolution: basically just a series of updates with different moves for the Bosses, more bosses, modes, etc.Sure, it's a cool idea to keep updating a game, but I was expecting something more substancial that would make people want to go back to the game.If you're experienced in fighting games, you may have an easier time with this title. If not, prepare for a loooot of frustration. The game simply throws you into the Abyss, with a 1minute tutorial on your first minute of playtime. Good luck interiorizing anything worthwhile without context...Anyway, the game is extremely reliant on mechanics like move cancelling and timed blocked which are never taught in any way. If you already know about it, you may be able to use it. Otherwise, the controls will simply feel really sluggish and unresponsive. When you start a move, you'll have to wait for the animation to completely finish. Unless, you spendupgrade pointsto get cancellation points... Something that isn't wel explained either.Regardless, after spending a bunch of hours trying to learn the mechanics, I felt pretty satisfied with the combat, in general. However...The roguelite elements are really bad. Like... the elements just don't connect properly.So, you have the main character, but you can capture an enemy to switch with. When your main character dies, you'll have a weaker soldier to play with. If you can reach an altar, your main character respawns. This, in theory, would be a reliable way of having a second chance. Great!But, there's a huge issue with it...While you run through the Abyss, you find shopkeeper and items (Weapons and Equipment) that are really useful. But, when you die, you lose most of it. As the soldier, you can pick a couple up, but the rest are lost. The choice of the ones destroyed is alsorandom, making it really frustrating to lose an item you wanted to keep.On shops, you can also buy ""camp tokens"", which you can use in altars as a checkpoint. Once again, sounds great. But you lose ALL of your items when you respawn. The result is: hey, I'm farther into the dungeon, cool. However, I have absolutely no equipment, so I might as well just kill myself, since all progress is basically lost.You see this works? This completely defeats the point of these cool little mechanics, since they're all useless.Ok, let's assume you want to finish the game without items. Sure. That's where the fighting problems come in.On normal mode, the game is fairly easy. I beat it on my third try. And I've beaten it like... 8 times, or something? Sure, I still died several times, but it wasn't very interesting, with as many victories in such a short time.So I switched to nightmare mode. ♥♥♥♥ing hell... this is the most frustating experience I've had with a game, lately.It's not very different than the normal mode, except that every group of enemies is bigger. Bosses now have an elite ally. You'll be faced with groups of 5+ enemies... It's a mess.In a fighting game, full of stun times after hits, you'll just be juggled by most bosses and even groups of enemies. As soon as you stand up, you'll be hit by another enemy. Then there are projectiles flying in your direction... it's a mess. If you're experienced in fighting games, you may have a chance. Otherwise, you'll have to waste hours and hours to learn how to cope with it. And it's simply not fun. It feels unfair to have such a number of enemies on you. And then, if you die,  the ""second chances"" are completely useless.This was a huge disappointment, and it's a shame. The game has lots of different character to learn, and the game could have been really good. Unfortunately, the rogue-lite elements simply don't work, and the game isn't balanced.No good tutorialization, the story seems really interesting, but ends up unexplored, ... Oh well.Maybe I was expecting too much out of it, but frustration put me off.If the respawn/checkpoint system was reworked, I think the game would have benefited a lot. As it is... not so much.I hope their next game is more balanced, because the talent is clearly there!"
,Not Recommended,255070,17879321,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Perdix,"Summary (TL;DR)The art-style for this game is beautfiul (excluding the tropish design of the female characters) and the soundtrack is amazing, but the controls are far too clunky for me to outright recommend this game, considering that it's practically a brawler.  Pick it up if it's on offer - otherwise move along.PlotSet in 19th-century Chile, an enormous pit has opened up in three locations - spewing forth creatures birthed from the nightmares of an all-powerful sleeping warlock.  You, the player, must choose between the fencer Katrien, a Warrior-Monk, and the nymph-like Pincoya to enter the pit; kill its denizens, and put an end to the Warlock's nightmare.GameplayThis is, at its core, a rogue-lite brawler with frantic combo-based combat.  Killing enemies yields experience that increases your maximum health and unlocks new combos, and various collectables add to the gold in your coinpurse, which can be spent on items that make your journey down to the bottom of the abyss easier.  These items are lost when you die, but your experience and gold are kept for the next run.This is where my big beef with the game appears - input controls for a brawler need to be responsive and predictable, and these are neither.  Some attacks don't register, even when your character isn't in the process or performing an action, and changing the orientation of the character cannot be done in an attack - only by stopping all other actions, changing direction, and then continuing.  It is worth noting that I am playing mouse + keyboard, and this may not be an issue on controller, but it renders advance play almost impossible.  What would be ideal would be if the attack direction was tied to the position of the cursor, instead of the mouse only being used for its click functionality.In fact, even in menus the mouse is a hinderance - obviously designed for controller navigation, using the mouse doesn't always change the 'selected' item; causing you to purchase the last thing you selected with your keyboard, rather than the item you just clicked on.Art StyleAside from its gameplay flaws, the art-style for this game is absolutely beautiful, with an obvious art-nouveau influence.  The designs of the enemies and bosses are quite beautiful, and you get a good idea of what each enemy's abilities will be based on theri appearance - obviously a great feature.What is less great, however, is the design of two female playable characters.  The initial character 'Katrien', while draped in silks and largely unarmoured, is less offensive - the latter 'Pincoya' is just flat out absurd.  Katrien can almost be excused in her design based on the idea that she is an agile fencer; romanticised (as is the style of art-nouveau) but capable.  Pincoya is a waif-like nymph, entirely naked but for her pale-blue body-paint -WHO WIELDS  AN ENORMOUS HALBERD TWICE THE SIZE OF HER- a design choice obviously made purely to give her a pole around which to dance.  Being a fan of polearms, this would have been my preferred character to play as, but this design just ruined it for me.SoundtrackI have nothing but great things to say about the sound-track.  The atmosphere that it creates is incredible. 10/10.-----------------------------------------------------------If, after reading this, you still want to go for it - then do.  These are my gripes.  The game has obviously had a lot of attention put into it, but I can't help but conclude that it is, regardlesss, fundamentally flawed and, as such, is not worth more than a few quid on sale."
,Not Recommended,255070,14145534,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Parasite,"Soundtrack is pretty fine. Art is also pretty fine. Story might be pretty fine as well, but I couldn't make it that long into the game to understand the whole story because of the awful controls and uncomfortably clunky combat.Buy the soundtrack, don't buy the game.PS: Staring at the start screen is worth your time more than playing the game."
76561198098794339,Not Recommended,255070,13335524,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PocketApocalypse,"I think it's fun?? Kinda? well, it's super confusing so I spent more time trying to figure out what to do than actually having fun with it."
,Not Recommended,255070,16260669,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,xenoffense,"I was expecting something like the good 2D castlevainia games. I thought at first in the tutorial that it would be a more in depth combat system... You can aim your melee attacks but the controls never seem to get more comfortable. Then whatever character you choose to play as, when you die you have to play as this stupid soilder guy with a rifle and bayonette that has the worst gameplay i've ever experienced. If you want something like castlevania get Valdis Story or if you want comedic mexican castlevania get Guacamelee. Pass on this"
,Recommended,255070,16637794,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RogerThat,"This is a great game that offers a unique art style and story.  Also, you can unlock and play as almost any enemy you fight."
76561198062879598,Recommended,255070,16812324,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,I Love Kittens,"Although I passed this game on my second try and found it way too easy, I am sure I will find myself unlocking new characters and moves. The idea of this game is great and I think the music is also amazing."
76561198086457357,Recommended,255070,16519954,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"The game is graphically very pleasing: art has style and class. I like very much the three main playable characters (and their transformations, as you can impersonate most of the monsters from the game once you beat them and meet  a few conditions), especially the two female fighting types. The writing is quite good (though rather sparse, in this type of game). The music is good too. The atmosphere is great : magical/Gothic/eerie... I like it.The levels layout is random and the level design is semi-random, but once you went through it a few times it becomes rather repetitive and doesn't surprise you much any more.The controls are adequate for fighting, and for exploring (climbing/jumping/crouching/etc...)The first few time you play with a given character, the game is rather difficult past the first few levels. Then, you level up, gain new abilities, get a tougher character, and things get progressively easier.I suspect it will become rather repetitive after a few dozen runs. But for now, I've fun. I recommend this game: beautiful, a bit challenging but not too much, pretty characters, tons of enemies... What else to ask for, in a dungeon crawling / exploration / fighting game with style and athmosphere?"
76561198136848975,Recommended,255070,17037658,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Crassus Parnax,"Great game in all ways! Good gameplay, luscious art!"
,Recommended,255070,17918907,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Karlos Bukos,"When I saw this game on sale, I thought it was my birthday, funny enough it was 'n' I bought it, great game that i'd of paid full price for, but that's my opinion it's upto you to make your own mind up."
76561198044235000,Recommended,255070,23741964,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LonelySnake,"Even only for the music and art, it's worth a try."
,Not Recommended,255070,20484537,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Pulled-Over{DuI},Controls just add frustraion to this game.  If it wasnt for that it would be fine.  Wouldnt bother with this.
,Recommended,255070,16420830,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HellHathNoChill,"Are you one of the many players looking for a good rogue-like game on Steam? Do you enjoy fighting games such as SF, MK, KOF, or MvC? Then look no further than Abyss Odyssey, I recently picked up this game, installed and lost myself in it for the next 3 hours.It's similar in goal to Castlevania(not LoS, more like HoD), plays like a fighting game(dash attacks, dodging, special moves, juggles, etc.), and kicks the crap out of you like Dark Souls. You can play as one of the three characters(I only have two of the three so I can make no comments on the third character), Katrien, the fencer style character, the Ghost Monk, the big sword waving, fireball-tossing, robed badass, and a third character who appears to use a spear/polearm.Your main goal is to work your way down to the Warlock and defeat him, picking up power ups, weapons, and levels along the way. You can pick up special summons which can be activated by pressing down on the d-pad(Also, definitely should play this with some type of controller), which will turn you into a monster, whether it be a skeleton soldier, a sea witch, or a legless bird masked weirdo. This summon allows you to have essentially two characters, but if you die as your main character(Katrien, Ghost Monk, other lady) you lose the summon and become a soldier. If you die as your summon you become your main character. As the soldier you are slower, a bit weaker, and don't have access to the same amount of mobility or damage as your main character. However, if you make it to an altar or defeat one of the mini-bosses as the soldier you can revive as your main character(missing most of your HP).Overall, I would definitelly recommend picking up this game if you're looking for a challenging and fun beat 'em up rogue-like. Definitely worth it to buy on sale."
76561198052698989,Recommended,255070,15018881,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Hussain,"Strange at first, since the goal isnt very clear. Nevertheless, the game is enjoyable!"
,Recommended,255070,12496011,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lazarento,Awesome game! Decided to give it a try when it was on sale and it impressed me a lot! Anyone who loves Castlevania style games can't go wrong with this one!
,Recommended,255070,11266500,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,tastyoven,Oh my god..it has everything that i want from a game. those flame skulls are so cheap though..
76561198012067179,Recommended,255070,13967272,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,jorgonq,"Yes, yes, and yes! What a fun game. It takes platforming and Street Fighter-esque fighting to a new level. It provides a healthy challenge (I can't count how many times I died), yet ultimately remains beatable. And with 3 very different characters to play through as, replay value is quite high."
,Recommended,255070,11266167,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Asymphonic,Has a few kinks but well worth the price tag.Attentive devs who are devoted to the community and fun rogue/beatemup atmosphere.
,Recommended,255070,11271004,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Darkretailer | DarkRealm,I really like this types of games and this game is very cool.The control remembered me to the control of 'Super Smash Brother Melee' (compliment).+ nice Story (so far; i have not finished the game :D)+ nice control+ nice graphicI can really recommend it for fans of the genre!
76561198041630144,Recommended,255070,11268830,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Gabe,I had a dream last night that I could work for the developers
,Recommended,255070,11271295,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Potitoman,"Lovely art, interesting settings and great combat system!Mind you, to get the most, I recommend an Xbox controller.Good fun and an unusual setting. A good buy!"
76561198056766084,Recommended,255070,11254430,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,NotTheBees,Awesome Dungeon crawler with a castlevania like feel to it!
,Not Recommended,255070,23512334,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,awsomeade,"I really wanted to like this game the whole dungeon crawling platform game sounds great. This game would be something I would be into, but the controls are so clunky and lackluster."
,Recommended,255070,17879226,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kyller3030[RO],"The graphics are standard 2D style, but the art style is beautiful; it sets the mood and the atmosphere is perfectly portrayed through the art. The backgrounds on each level are gorgeous, even though most of them look dark and deathy (is that a word ?). Speaking of the levels; they are all procedural generated; no playthrough will ever be the same which adds tons of replay ability to this type of game. There are three stages of difficulty to each level, Easy, Normal and Hard. You are able to tell which difficulty each stage is by using the map system in the game which easily shows you a path you take, and maybe if you want to readjust your course to skip a few hard stages, you can.I can easily recommend Abyss Odyssey; I will certainly be keeping it installed on my PC for the odd jump in every now and again. Rogue-like fans will love it."
76561198053795593,Recommended,255070,12541353,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,"Aerthryn, Prince of Spurgundy",Kicks♥♥♥♥♥I do not normally play this kind of game as I have problems with reflex time and focus but the art style attracted me to try it when it was on sale.. and IT KICKS♥♥♥♥♥.  I have accidentally spent all day on it..
,Recommended,255070,12536782,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sleepies,Coop Friendly Fire is optional in Game option now! Highly recommended!
76561198047257083,Recommended,255070,12095357,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,MyLittleMonkey,pretty awesome
76561197962254086,Recommended,255070,26132597,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Peter,Its a fun game. There is no servers online for multi player. So have fun with the campain.
,Recommended,255070,18064627,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Void,Goodz.
,Recommended,255070,28956999,Posted: 2 January,all,SethSamson,COOL SUREAL GAME ... ONLY SHAME THAT IT IS NOT 4 PLAYERS
,Recommended,255070,16402366,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dolcé,Hooray for boobies!
,Not Recommended,255070,15905074,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Folheto,"Bad fighting engine, ""heavy"" play-style"
,Recommended,255070,17478262,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,aBlueBox,Decent game with a great story. Multi player as well
,Not Recommended,255070,13990388,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,KeikaStrife,"This game is difficult for all the wrong reasons. The controls are clunky and unresponsive, and you have a very limited selection of moves. That alone would be reason to avoid this game. To make matters worse, however, all the enemies you face have uncanny response time to your input, and you can do nothing but watch helplessly as they outmaneuver and counter your incredibly limited moveset constantly. Each level you enter has a randomized difficulty, but even at the easiest difficulty, enemies have far too much health. I want to stress this game is not ""dark souls hard"", where it's difficult but still feasible with the potential to be satisfying. This is broken-game hard, where half the time you spend in it you'll be wondering if your controller/keyboard is broken."
76561198025105206,Not Recommended,255070,13149352,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,CGhen,"Honestly, I love this game's art style and music. However, given it is an action-platformer, I cannot overlook the fact that the combat system in it's current form is rather awkward for the player; it gives a feeling of helplessness as your character madly swings away, gets parried then juggled for half of your health bar by a single enemy.While input delay is always in games to some extent, the contrast between your character's actions and those of the AI controlled enemies is vast and makes the game artificially more difficult. The main complaint I would have regarding this is the blocking. If you could block as quickly as the enemies are capable of, the whole dynamic would change. However, there are many animation frames that your character is simply locked into, leaving them open to attack by enemies who take ruthless advantage. To some extent, this can be mitigated by investing stat points as you level into the animation cancel skill, which allows you to chain attacks; this is where the game became the most satisfying for me as I finally felt like I was playing a more normal fighting game.I would really like to recommend this game to others, however the visual and aural setting is not quite enough to overcome the drawbacks of the combat system for me. I would point out the caveat that, yes, it becomes more interesting as you unlock more skills, but even then it tends to devolve into spamming the same skill chain and taking advantage of weaknesses in the AI's otherwise incredibly timed blocks."
,Not Recommended,255070,13188812,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FireDragonDoL,"This is what I call an ""anti-coop"" game, while being co-op. Me and my girlfriend were playing toghether, unfortunately she died more than me, but you can't resurrect your partner more than once per ""zone"". Not to mention, not all zones have actually the respawn altar.The game stop teaching you anything after the first 2-3 buttons (for example, why a soldier spawn when I die?), which can be read in the ""how to play"" section of the main menu.The combat feel unpolished, but that may be subjective so I won't complain about this."
76561198273548047,Not Recommended,255070,21657645,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,OB1KNOV,Great graphics but probably not for me. The controls feel different and cumbersome as compared with other platformer/sidescrolling games.
76561198053713050,Not Recommended,255070,14171498,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Baines,"I wanted to like Abyss Odyssey.  The combination of fighting games and roguelike elements has been under-represented since the PS1 era. (Hi, Tobal 2's Quest mode.)  Controls that draw from Smash Bros should have meant a maneuverable adventure game, something that should have had little difficulty surpassing Brawl's underwhelming Subspace Emissary mode.Unfortunately, that is not the game that ACE Team delivered.  I've waited quite a while to see if the game would change before posting my review, but I haven't seen evidence that my opinion will change.Combat simply feels off, as if it is sluggish or clunky.  Jumping feels floaty and forced.  Aerial moves do not mesh well with jumping.  While the control scheme in its most basic form is designed around the control scheme of Smash Bros, the actual mechanics and maneuverability (and lack thereof) are not.  The game relies on a cancel point system for combos, where you can cancel only if you have a 'cancel orb' available.  Cancel orbs are so important and integral to combat that you should spend your first levels unlocking them instead of upgrading moves, which begs the question of why they weren't unlocked from the start.  People will point to YouTube videos of various combos as examples of how amazing the combo system is, but those combos are almost always impractical within the single-player game itself.'Replay' consists in no small part of an unlock system that is designed to be a grind-driven time sink.  You cannot just encounter an enemy and defeat it to 'capture' it.  You have to have a full magic bar, and land a killing blow with a special capture move (that drains the bar regardless of success).  If it ended there, it might be acceptable, but the game goes further.  You have to be at a minimum level to capture an enemy, and the required level is heavily artificially inflated compared to the difficulty of the opponent.  The only solution is to grind your level through repeated plays of the same character.  It doesn't  matter that you can beat every enemy in the game when in your low teens for level.  The game will simply not let you capture various enemies until you are level 30, 40 or even 60, even if you have been beating that enemy without issue from the time that your level was a single digit value.As for level design, Abyss Odyssey unfortunately functions as an example of the shortcomings of relying on procedural generation.  The component parts that the system has to rely upon simply aren't interesting, nor are the final results.All in all, to some degree I feel a bit sorry for ACE Team.  They obviously tried, but their ambitions may simply have been beyond their abilities and business realities.  (A budget title with fighting game movesets and animations for all player characters and enemies?)Do I recommend the game? At full price, I find that I cannot.  However, if you do find the concept interesting, and find others say enough positive things, then perhaps consider buying it when it is at a good sale price.  At worst, you might find a disappointing title.  At best, you might find it a hidden gem that you will continue to play.  I, unfortunately, fell into the former category.  Others have obviously fallen into the latter."
,Recommended,255070,12481393,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Hellenic,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,255070,17947719,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jag Gentlemann,"Many of the negative reviews of this game talk about the controls. I can see why. The controls are not very fluid, but it plays really well anyway. Maybe in the later levels is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know yet.The gameplay is similar to Smash Bros, where you have on button to make normal attacks and you can input the direction, and you have one button for special attacks. You have also a grab and a shield.As a roguelike, you unlock stuff even when you die, so each play you encounter different things and events and you advance in the story. When you die you take control of a guard, so you have a second chance to revive your main character and continue playing. You can also transform into different monster with their own healt bar. Don't buy weapons in the markets, it's not worth it.Overall I think it's a great experience. The controls might be weird at first but I think it plays fine. Also, the music and art style are great."
76561198004723726,Recommended,255070,18737422,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,chitototoy,"I LOVE THIS GAME. Its a stunning piece of work, with a LOT of heart and vision backing it. YES.. the game could GREATLY benefit from a solid tutorial sequence. BUT, once you get over the steep adjustment phase, you find yourself HOOKED and grinding for GOLD and EXP like its no one's business. i DO wish there was a bit more GAME to play... the ending could have given the player more content and extra something-something to play with after. BUT STILL!! no regrets with ABYS ODYSSEY!!"
,Recommended,255070,14379212,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,N e r f A k i r a,"it really is a mixed bag, the combat is problematic at times and it feels rather stiff. this gets my recommendation purely because i can't really recommend anything else like thats come out recently. its decent, with really cool concepts but medocre execution."
76561197982823666,Recommended,255070,11416157,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Disciple,"I personally have a love/boredem relationship for rogue-likes. I really love the concepts and with some games the artstyle and settings. But I tend to only play them for 30-60minutes before I get bored.Abyss Odyssey has been an exception for me. The 'Beat-Em Up' style combat is extremely engaging and you learn quickly that not all fights can be button bashed and require some timing. On top of that the different ranges of the special moves mixed with unique fighting styles of each playable character keeps you wanting to progress.Artstyle is a hard one to critique when it purely comes down to personal tastes. For me the fact it was a game made by ACE Team, I know I'd love their approach to creating a unique setting. Theres just an amazing blend of Anime/Mange, Greek & South American (especially with the Chilean setting) styles. Combined that with a soundtrack that feels almost fitting in a Studio Ghibli film and you've got a truely memorable universe.The mechanic in which your character can capture a soul of an NPC allowing you to not only have a second health pool, but to bring the unique special attacks of each one (each NPS has several standard fighting moves that vary with each enemy type and 3+ unique special attacks which vary on the type or rank of the NPC). Also the transformation into the soul is quick, so for example - you can play as the undead who can projectile vomit a stream of poison (with a knock back) then switch to your main character for some longer ranger hits.My only real critique of this game is its length. It is a short game and runs can take about 30 minutes and don't have as much of a unique run expierence as say Binding of Isaac. But each time your character levels up becoming stronger. Weapons and items don't carry over which means which does mix it up each time, as well as serval unqiue 'special rooms' and mini-bosses.Theres definately room to expand the game which I hope ACE Team utilise (and not restricted by its multi-platform release) but for the content and the quality of the game, it is most definately worth the price as it stands.*controller recommended*"
76561198009580400,Recommended,255070,11631164,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,johnlb78,"I found this game to be a lot of fun.  It has an interesting atmosphere, with visuals and soundtrack to go with it, and is a fairly action packed, if straightfoward, platformer.  All the usual tropes are present and well implemented, along with some interesting little quirks.  The combat system, at least on normal mode, probably isn't as deep or challenging as it likes to pretend, but is still entertaining enough (the controls, though, can be a little spongey, but not enough to spoil the experience).  I have had few deaths so far that didn't feel like they were actually my fault: frustration levels remained pretty low throughout.This is a good-looking and interesting take on a familiar premise with some nice little touches that make stand out just enough.  I recommend it"
,Recommended,255070,11439276,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,AbnormalSOB,"Hard to Play, but it has a good story."
,Recommended,255070,11467605,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Topagae,"This game is like Golden-Axe/Binding Of Isaac It's great, charming, just the right difficulty and interesting. 8.5/10 highly recommend."
,Recommended,255070,11360047,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Roki B,"Abyss Odyssey has excellent combat mechanics. The roguelike aspects will keep you playing, but the moment to moment combat, while not as complex as something like tekken, is far and above the depth of most fighting games available.Plus, the bird people make a comeback from xenoclash. P. cool."
,Recommended,255070,11363296,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,dendy crew,This is the closest we're going to get to a good 2-D Castlevania and you can play it with online co-op.  Fighting game controls take some time to get used to.  Imagine Smash Bros with higher gravity.
76561198011241984,Recommended,255070,11428333,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Golden Rake,"10/10 best game.Easily worth your time and money. Everything that people said about being nonfunctional or slow just don't grasp the finesse of the combat system. It is very satisfying game, and with over 30 playable character, entertaining beyond end."
,Recommended,255070,11361974,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nomado-Coyote,"Great mix of gameplay styles.Interesting design and art choices, a usual kudos to Ace team.Great potential with a nice community-listening and actually responding and friendly devs.It may seem short but it has a great replayability and surely a big future updates plan.Even when you have only three main char choices you can equip them with different skills and upgrades, so you would rarely see an exact copy of yourself when you play co-op.Co-op's friendly fire feels weird at first in this kind of game, but later you start to understand that it only makes the game more interesting strategically and teamwork-wise. If you start mashing and do the combat-mayhem in co-op you will most probably lose. They actually also included an option for disabled friendly-fire too now.You can also capture ANY of your enemies (with time and levelling, not everything anytime) and play as them, which is actually a pretty fun concept and it works out nice. So if it doesn't seem so from the start you still have variety and replayability in this game and it only promises more.Thank you Team Ace.A nice mix of a side-scroller action fighting rpg. Old-school-like gameplay revived with new ideas.p.s. it still could use some work with some bugs, mostly regarding co-op and saving, but I'm in no doubt it will be fixed soon."
,Recommended,255070,11369782,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Uro ★,Chile has the deepest lore.
,Recommended,255070,11361429,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GG.,"First of all, we can say the game brings a new artwork, unique and beautiful. The gameplay is weird first, the combos will be hard to make untill the player gets used to the fight sistem, but its well made and realy enjoyable wen you learn some tricks. The multiplayer is realy good too, you can make it harder with friendly fire ON and activating the nightmare dificculty to add more chalange ( adds all boss / mini-boss a little help with +1 mini-boss and monsters will be more agressive, nothing related with + HP or +DMG to them, wich is a realy good, just more agression and +1 mini-boss on bosses/mini-bosses ). The music is too realy enjoyable and fresh, some times the game wont play it, but when it does its amazing and fits realy well into the game. The acting voices are too realy amazing, personaly i think the Monk voice is the best.The game inst realy long, untill the player get used to the game, it will be easy to finish it, at least on normal mode. But its not a ''finish the game and its done'' tipe, wen you finish it, you have a new task, the task of capturing all the souls of the monsters you fight, to unlock them to use on PVP (local only untill now 22/07/14) and on training mode, and not just regular monsters, all mini-boss and the last boss itself can be captured, but you need some player LVLs to take them (some 25 , some 45, some 60), all monsters have theyr on move-set and spechials to be discovered and its realy fun to descover new combos with them. Also, all souls captured can be found at the church stage, being sold there, so you can always get them to play withaut needing to capture it again.And, wen the community kills the final boss, it will add to a count, shown at the beggining of the game as the ''broken mask'' on the book, and when the community has killed the boss X times, new game content will be released, so you can say its a game that, with time, will keep growing even more.  It seems too that online PVP will be added, and wen it does will be tons of fun to play. Also, the staff of the game is realy friendly to the community, with theyr questions and suggestions on steam foruns, so if you have any trouble with the game or something, they will help you.sorry for any wrong words. :)"
,Recommended,255070,11623524,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,AntiAntagonist,"Like other Atlus games, Abyss Oddyssey is challenging and beautiful.  Enemies are idiosyncratic and colorful.It's very easy to pick up as there is only 1 attack button and 1 special attack button. Add a direction to the attack to change the type of attack.  However as you progress you'll find the challenge isn't always the enemies themselves, but rather the ever changing Abyss.Is it better to spend your gold on the one camp token you can afford so you can respawn here when you die, or should you buy the accessory that will increase your XP that will make subsequent adventures easier?"
76561197989659594,Recommended,255070,20795825,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,I'd love this more if it didn't crash so much.
76561198045005689,Not Recommended,255070,21057237,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,AllYourToothbrushAreBelongToUs,Non working control issues that the developers don´t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about.
76561197997431318,Not Recommended,255070,20831305,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mogryo,+ Great artsyle- Fighting mechanics... are the worst
76561198018061682,Recommended,255070,31090500,Posted: 11 April,all,KefklouD,"This review might be a little biased because I am from Chile, and as some of you may know, ACE Team are chilean developers and also the game takes place in Chile and has some inspiration in chilean culture. Personally, I really enjoyed the game, mainly because I'm a sucker for metroidvania style games.Pros:-The game has a nice ambientation, the character portraits and the artistic view in general is GORGEUS, some amazing talent right there.-Acquiring new characters and using them in the 4-player battle mode is really cool and can get addicting. After that you can spend lots of time learning each character, they are pretty varied and original which is always appreciated.-Controls are A-ok!Cons:-Story for me was meh, yet again, it's clearly not the main focus of the game."
,Not Recommended,255070,18553418,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Clone303,"this game is about dying alot and playing same over again, not sure if im liking it or not alos the hero's only have 4 attacks and you lock to 2 at the start and the other charater's you can play as has only 2 attacks but yea the game looks alright good and nice act style and same time WTF so yeah really rogue-like + platformer so if you like that then this is your game"
,Recommended,255070,13276365,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,scottryman,"Bought this game a while ago on sale, and just played it. Now I wonder what took me so long to try it! Amazingly fun, good challenge without being frustrating, the controls are tight and responsive, great soundtrack, and crisp graphics. This is what a good ""retro"" style game should feel like! Modern and fresh with old school hack and slash action!"
76561198086649679,Recommended,255070,34797958,Posted: 7 September,all,Sunlit Karma,"Estoric out of TenThis game has an ""interesting"" aesthetic and combat system.  By that I mean it is odd. Very odd. There is no universal appeal here, and it is difficult to say just who would enjoy this game. It is not because it is a bad game.  It's because the plot, environments, and enemies are so strange. I suggest searching for video reviews (TotalBiscuit's, in particular) to see the game in action, because describing the game in writing will not do it justice. If you are looking for some kind of straight forward action game, this is not for you. If you feel adventurous and want to dive into the bizarre, go for it!"
,Recommended,255070,22494218,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lore,"Smash Bros style combat with an RPG. Really great game, good art and music, and skeletons playing guitars."
,Not Recommended,255070,34721717,Posted: 3 September,all,Capn,"It's not a bad game, but you could spend your time and money on something much better.Good art, music, writing/story. Everything else is pretty mediocre, and nothing is so stellar that it redeems the whole package. Controls are good, platforming is too easy, and combat is boring (Due to limited mechanics and fluidity). I didn't get to see the third character, but I can't imagine she'd be any different, given that the objective/story appears to be the same.If you're really itching for a sort of rogue-like super smash brothers story mode, then you may like it."
76561197993865345,Not Recommended,255070,11279661,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CRocketStrator,"Pros:- Beautiful looking backgrounds, character design and monsters- Randomized levels- Great musicCons:- Clunky controls- Characters movments are awkward and leave lots of vunerable openings to get hit- Enemies have a lot of invincibility frames- Roguelike aspects that usually make games enjoyable but hurt this one- On Day 1, you CANNOT customize your gamepad buttons.Overall the game looks great and sounds great.  And paying only $9.99 didn't make it a bad deal.  The problem really arises with the controls and how the characters fight, as they are clunky and rather slow.  And many times I found myself at the end of an animation getting hit.  While I imagine this is what the designers were going for, it's not something I enjoy dealing with.When you die, you take over as a human who for the most part is weaker than your main character.  The novelty of this wore off pretty quick.  So in a way, this game is very much a rogue-like.  I admit I wasn't expecting this, and usually playing a rogue-like is pretty enjoyable but in this game it took away enjoyment from the experience.And why is it that they didn't give you the ability to customize the buttons on the controller???Overall it isn't a bad game and will be hit among those who like rogue-likes.  But in my overall opinion, I wouldn't recommend this game to people unless you were getting it really cheap in a bundle or you love rogue-likes and super smash brothers controls.And it looks like they did give you the ability to change your key bindings on controllers and gamepads.  So I thank them for taking care of that in a week 1 patch."
,Recommended,255070,11251747,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Threedogawoo,"Another great game by ACE Team.This is the first game I have ever pre-ordered and probably the only. The game has good combat, fluid animation, and amazing backgrounds. The game feels new every time with the level generation, and it the levels actually feel fun, which is always nice. The bosses are somewhat difficult at times, but overall, its really fair. The only thing bad was patched. Also, online multiplayer and arena modes are in so that is a plus.A really good game."
76561197970459943,Not Recommended,255070,11286943,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Vamp1,"I really wanted to like this game because the music, graphics and characters are very well done.  Perhaps it's not the kind of game I thought it was, but the lack of checkpoints or saves, plus the fact that I loose all the the weapons, rings, etc when I die or in between play sessions is a deal breaker for me.  The special attacks do carry over though, if that's some consolation.  This is one of those games that is very short and you just try to play through in one sitting.I can overlook all this and blame myself for not reading more about it before buying.  But on top of this, the combat is very clunky.  I spend most of the game attacking in the wrong direction, just because it's so slow to turn the character around.  Once I start an attack, I have to wait until the animation is done before I can turn.  Meanwhile the enemies are all around me.  Jumping in unprecise too.So overall I wouldn't recommend it.  Sorry...  a waste of potential."
,Not Recommended,255070,26185445,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,luindir,"Nice graphic, horrible gameplay.Repetitive as hell."
,Not Recommended,255070,12491571,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ferdican,"poor controls, weak story, not worthy of time & money..."
76561197990570457,Not Recommended,255070,30299251,Posted: 3 March,all,BigdanSMASH,"The controls in the game are so terrible, and the combat is so bad, I cannot in good conscience recommend trying this one out. 2/10"
,Recommended,255070,11272743,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,KemetWarlord17,"The combat feels like Mortal Kombat and Smash Bros. Can't wait to unlock a centaur, go fighting game alchemy with it's specials and main it in versus mode against my brother. Great game and fresh new concept with a lore no one ever explores. 8/10 from me."
76561197987910918,Recommended,255070,11266839,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jipooki,"Short, Sweet, Beautiful.Graphics are really nice although I kind of rushed through it so I didn't have much time to gawk at the scenery.Good combat, pulling off a perfectly executed beating on a group of enemies is extremely satisfying, especially considering the difficulty.Controls are solid although not perfect.Story is okay although I'd prefer if every journal was the next page instead of having to find random pages.Beat the game in roughly 2 hours. I was around level 14 or so. I manage to get a decent ice rapier and an ice bracelet that amplified the element, so beating the game wasn't too difficult. That was my 3rd or 4th run ever.Overall its nice. Can't wait to see what the community features are gonna be.(haven't tried multiplayer yet.)"
,Not Recommended,255070,20019204,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Godamn_Milkman,I wanted to like this game. The idea of smash attacks in a linear game sounded great. Character animations get clipped though. In multiplayer detection with the ground didn't trigger. Attacks would only randomly connect. There are great ideas here. The game they were trying to make would be real fun. But it didn't come through.
,Not Recommended,255070,12510238,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,A beat 'em up/dungeon-crawling hybrid so broken and unresponsive that it makesBad Dudeslook like a masterpiece in comparison.
,Not Recommended,255070,13897981,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tomppa,"Seriously. Lack of tutorial, unresponsive commands, counterintuitive controls and general lack of finish sets this game as one you should just pass."
76561198038828192,Recommended,255070,11276174,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,josh,"Abyss Odyssey is a fighting game dropped into a rogue like dungeon crawler.With that in mind, this review will concetrate on comparing Abyss Odyssey to other games in the fighting genre.Although unique in many ways, the basic fighting system takes a lot from the Street Fighter series.  Athough there are no command inputs, like quarter circles on the joystick, the movement feels a lot like Super Street Fighter.  The combat system is not build around flashy air combos and button smashing; instead it focuses on simple strikes, a few special moves and tight hit boxes where timing is everything.Along with this familiar focus on timing, the developers also were wise enough to borrow some of the more familiar ways players take advantage of timing in Street Fighter.  Knockdowns, cancels, blocking, keep-away techniques like uppercuts and projectiles (think Ryu/Ken), wall juggling, as well as super moves that stop the animation for a moment were all welcomed discoveries for me.  Fighting games are of a special genre where dexterity and muscle memory actually matter, and when one is disguised as a rogue like adventure game or platformer like Abyss Odyssey might be, it can easily be unfairly compared to the wrong games.As a fighting game, this gets a solid A-.  It's not fantastic, but it is rather good.  The turn-around animation is a bit slow and too long horizontally for some characters which make it frustrating to face the enemy in narrow places.  There also seems to be a lot of ways to break your block, which makes blocking less useful than it should be.  The AI is very smart and ramps up in difficulty nicely - although I do wish I could change the general game difficulty through the UI.  Nitpicks aside, this is the best $15 I've spent in a while - and I haven't even tried the multiplayer yet.  It’s beautiful, the rouge/dungeon crawling is light and fun, and it even has community based goals that will unlock more content.If you like fighting games, this one is solid and unique enough not to pass up.  If you are not a fan of the genre however, the learning curve might be a bit too steep, but it also might be one of the more fun fighting games to learn on given it has so much more content  to enjoy."
76561198011665935,Recommended,255070,11329013,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,InfiniteWalrus,"I was kind of excited about this game and it turned out well, but honestly was disappointing in many ways as well. Before you read further, let me sum it up with a I give it a 6/10... So not a standing ovation, but not terrible either. The 2D art used in the game is wonderful and the characters they create are interesting and varied in this world that had so much potential. I honestly enjoy the 3 playable characters and their assortment of foes especially the devil. However, the game needs serious work; it does not feel like a fleshed out game at all. The maps are relatively stale (usually about 3-4 backdrops) and somewhat small, the creatures you fight are not varied as well and while some are well designed and are great to play as, most are not. In fact, if you can capture the spirit of the bird with the spear just right click and kill most AI in the game without challenge. The bird as well as the skeleton with the sword and the uppercut special are OP and kind of the only useful enemy spirits. As for the actual characters, the main fencer woman is nice but clunky to control till you get her specials. The hooded monk is nice but I haven't played him out yet. The female water god is OP with her axe, but her jelly fish special is completely worthless (you'll find out and quickly trade it out for melee specials). The weapons you find for the characters are horribly mundane and not varied. Most of the time you will not find a better weapon for your character and the levels on the weapons go up to about 3 (when your character can exceed lvl 30+). The game also has kind of low replay value. If they add to this game, flesh out the world, spruce of the character textures and add more variety, this game will be great, but as it stands, its a nice shade of mediocre."
,Recommended,255070,11266908,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hyze,"Fantastic game, and beautiful in art and sound to top it off. Feels like a rogue-lite beat-em-up featuring fighting game elements. The flow of combat in this game takes some getting used to, and will almost definitely feel sluggish and unresponsive at first. However, I noticed that this feeling disappeared after spending around two hours in the game. The different playable characters all feel unique with different play styles. The game does come off as a little on the easy side, but the procedural generation of the dungeon combined with the ~37 different possible transformations/characters increase the replayability. To top it off, the developers have stated that additional content (enemies, transformations) will become available as players, globally, defeat the final boss. I utilize a controller for playing this game, and would definitely suggest one to any potential players. I cannot speak to the effectiveness and responsiveness of keyboard and mouse control, as I have not tried that control scheme."
,Recommended,255070,11309295,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,willis,i was a spooky scary skeleton
,Recommended,255070,11264830,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,h a v,"Here's the good and bad on this game. In short - it's fun and worth a buy. Though this game is not without problems. Mostly, you have to use analog to play, which should be fine for those transitioning from SSB. But if you play other fighters it may feel weird. Slow animations means there's a ""clunky"" feel. Music is excellent. The system is surprisingly deep for something that's pretty much relegated to two attack buttons.The game is short, and at the moment it's fairly easy. Boss encounters can all be ""cheesed"" - making most of those fights devoid of skill of you so choose. Hopefully there's a difficulty patch to come later on which will add real difficulties not just ""area"" difficulties which you can't really directly control besides selecting other areas to visit. It also seems to me that some balancing may need to take place on the characters you pick up as items as some are clearly better than others, while the grappler character (the one who spits poison) is pretty garbage overall. He has slow pokes and as such they're low priority since they have such long recovery. Most of his special moves are inefficient as well. There's two who I've seen who are stand out, as in far far superior to the rest that I've tried.It took me about 4 hours to beat the game, mostly because I was trying to unlock the final character. In the end I beat it with the default character but made it to the boss once with the cloaked spirit sword guy.Overall, once you get the hang of some of the advanced types of attacks and combos, the game becomes more fun than it already is, however its length is somewhat of a dissapointment, seeing as there's not much of a reason to replay once you've unlocked all of the main characters. Completionists can unlock the supporting summon cast, but these seem to be fairly random, and many can be purchased with gold in game.I have yet to try Co-op but I've read that friendly fire is an issue for some. I'll leave that TBD though. The devs plan on adding in online for the versus mode which may come in a later patch, but for now Versus sounds like a great idea but is something I won't get to play.Overall - somewhat of an expensive game ($15) for the amount of game time you may be likely to sink into this, but if you're a diehard SSB fan, or fighting game and roguelike fan, you'd probably deem the purchase worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,255070,11917315,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,thealexray,♥♥♥♥ this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198126437443,Recommended,255070,11266381,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"What an awesome game! The artwork, design and atmospere are incredible. I can see where others are a bit frustated by the controls but you start to get used to it after a bit. I don't think it's the controls so much as it is, simply, the turning animation. That aside, this is worth every bit of the 15 bucks they're askin for it."
76561198071041556,Recommended,255070,11254687,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,scottywuwu,"I've only put about 2 hours into this game so far. I pre-ordered it with Some Pretty High expectations, and were they ever met! Its a great bundle of several differnt game styles in 1. Rogue like, Beat em up, Platformer and it has great replay value. I am fine with the FF but I would agree a option would be nice to turn it off. And the combat can be a bit clunky but it doesnt take away from it for me. Only thing im bothered with is the Alt-tab crash. But for 10 bucks this game gets a 9/10 4sho!"
,Recommended,255070,11268913,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,El Minotoro,"Edit: I understand some of the mechanics betterTLDR: This is a fun infinite death labyrinth with metroidvania sensibilities and an interesting asthetic. But it won't let you go to the toilet.Abyss Odyssey is going to be fun for people who enjoy the IDL genre as well as platformers. It's very solidly built and looks beautiful. It plays well on the 360 gamepad and while I've seen people complain about the controls, the fact is that they're pretty tight. They're finicky because animations need to finish before the next input UNLESS you have a move cancel available to you. This is part of the core mechanic of the game, it might feel like input lag or sloppy controls at times but if you understand cancels then it isn't an issue. It might get you killed but it's not the fault of poor design. I've not used the KB nor other gamepads, so your mileage may vary with your choice of input.The ability to customise your character is great. You choose the moves you can do and how you will power them up at specific points, but respeccing is free so don't worry about doing it wrong. Each of the main characters has their own movesets for normal attacks and the customisable special attacks and feel very different to each other (well the first two characters do. The third remains unlocked....).Biggest cons:-The game needs more explanation. You use your special attacks to build mana. When your mana is full you can perform a spirit bomb that makes enemies drop their soul if you kill with it. You can then use your soul to transform into the monster which, and this is the important part, has it's own separate health bar. This is never really explained. Except by me, right now. This is not the only mystery of gameplay mechanics. I am going to discover them though.-No save system. The runs are long and I'd like to come back to them. Autosaves at checkpoints would be a brilliant addition.-No pause in single player. With no save you'd expect maybe you can pause. This is not the case. Both the character menu and the game menu allow time to continue in game. SOMETIMES I'M GOING TO NEED PEE URGENTLY."
76561197978273353,Recommended,255070,16917882,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Marhados,Beautiful game with a great soundtrack. I had a lot of fun playing it. You go into the abyss from one of the 3 entry points and you try to reach the bottom where the Warlock is. There are bosses and different character to capture. As far as i know you can play as any character of the game given the fact you have the lvl to capture them. Its a good game it gonna give you a couple of hours of fun you can play coop too which is great. You can go for the nightmare mode once the game is too easy and try a new challenge. You can try versus too but not a lot of people play these days...
76561198080789168,Not Recommended,255070,12507916,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,WeezDark,looks cool but just falls short.  Its just trying to hard to use new idias that just are not.  Week story line to boot.
76561198023808792,Not Recommended,255070,16227730,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ButtKraken,There is no tutorial. The game just throws you in expecting to know what everything is. The gameplay is horrid as it seems like you barely do any damage and the enemies always counter you perfectly.Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,255070,23839720,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vicente,"Great artwork and I appreciate the use of chilean mythology, but the game feel very janky."
,Not Recommended,255070,13705795,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zero,don't waste your time and money this is the worst game I've ever play. the controls are trash and the moves are worst
76561198065595897,Recommended,255070,11254343,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Getteth Swole,Great gaem beauty platform 10/10 must buy m8
,Not Recommended,255070,12170799,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Squid3733,"I first played this game in a multiplayer build at EVO 2014. It looked great, the controls and everything about it was interesting. I wouldn't say ""don't buy this game"", but I after I bought it, I felt somewhat ripped off. This is because when I bought the game, I went straight to multiplayer to go practice as the character I played at in EVO. Turns out you have to play the single player to unlock EVERYTHING for the multiplayer; The main characters, side-characters, even movesets. The moveset is customizable and that's cool & all, but I had anticipated to just dowload and play with some friends to show them the game. I had hoped that I would have played the exact same multiplayer build I played before, but I have to now put hours into the singleplayer game just to get the roster and all of their moves for the multiplayer. I honestly don't want to do that if I already got a taste of a awesome multiplayer build back in EVO. I don't know if they changed that or not, but that's just my exprience with the game. Get it if you want, but you'll have to put in a lot of time to get an actual good taste of the competitiveness in the game."
,Recommended,255070,13100163,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,CHOOSE MEMES OVER DRUGS,♥♥♥♥♥ YOTHIS GAME HAS WORTHGET IT
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,255070,17259292,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"I, like most of the negative reviewers, had a problem with the control's.  They are just too damn clunky.  Fighting is more frustrating than fun.The one good thing about this rogue-LITE, are the graphics.  The game looks very differant than most 2D brawlers.  This still can't save the game from terrible gamepad control's.  I beat the game in about 3 hours.  For 15 bucks that doesn't seem like it's worth the money.  Well you say, go level the other 2 characters and you'll artificially inflate the game time.  Yes this is true.  But when the combat is so frustrating for some characters, such as the monk, then I just cant endure it.  I just want to rage every time I play the monk becasue his attacks are so slow and his specials require space.I must be terrible at the game because the biggest combo I can muster is 4 hits.    There are just too many monsters on screen and too much going on for me to think effectively.  The monsters give you plenty of time on the easy levels to think out a strategy.  But most of the time it's just button mashing your specials.  There is definately some skill involved.  So if you're bad at fighting games, then avoid Abyss Odyssey.As a game by itself. It isn't bad.  It is just VERY short. I honestly wish I could refund but as I said it took me 3 hours to beat the first time."
,Recommended,255070,11450750,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Donaldus Rex,Buy it...
,Not Recommended,255070,16918190,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Spike,Not unless you've got an official XBOX joypad...   ¬_¬
,Not Recommended,255070,20950973,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hippo,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198071421958,Recommended,255070,17436331,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,eternal jape,"This game would be the fashion up with the binding of issac or nuclear throne if it got it's controls fixed...Beat Em Up Roguelite with a creative catchy and great soundtrack to hear.But the only problem is the controls, which creates ""Artificial Difficulty"", limiting the game not only to it's hardness, but to it's clunky design.There's so many negative reviews just for the controls, and people actually miss what this game has to offer."
76561197970257583,Recommended,255070,14178006,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Neptune  Zero,"Had to stop playing so I could run to the store and buy a bottle of Ibuprofen for my sore thumb. I took two so I could return to the abyss.9/10 Would do it again.The combat, music and visuals all work together to make for an exciting experience. Even if you can't master the combo/cancel system you should be able to clear the normal difficulty of this game with some practice.  The devs give you enough tools that even if you can't pull off 10 hit combos you can still find your own way to beat down the big bad Warlock."
76561198070681282,Not Recommended,255070,30303262,Posted: 3 March,all,justinblac,"Controls are clunky, even when using a controller.  I fell through a platform once.  Items are expensive since the game wants you to fail and start at the entrance of the abyss.  Overall, I think the game would be OK if the controls weren't frustrating and slow to respond."
76561198024689730,Not Recommended,255070,23197339,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Laike Endaril,"The style looked interesting so I gave it a try, but the combat and movement are both way too clunky for me to get into it, which is a complete game-killer for a combat-based platformer."
76561198031532645,Not Recommended,255070,19298664,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rhade,"Found it clunky and unintuitive, after a few hours I still didn't know what I was doing."
76561197960272470,Not Recommended,255070,15056024,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,krook,"You can't save, and you lose all your items. this game either requires you to have no life, or to be a flilthy casual"
76561198005871704,Not Recommended,255070,16484328,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pierreuh,"Poor control, and gameplay.Could have been a good game ..."
,Not Recommended,255070,18434440,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Lionarith,"This is insanely hard, if not unfair. The fighting mechanics are so clumsy and stubborn."
76561197971190377,Not Recommended,255070,20208976,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Axis,"Very beautiful game, voice acting is amazing along with the art style.  You get the story mostly though journal entries you get from random enemy drops.It's roguelike and randomly generates the dungeon ""path"" each time you beat it.  You can never really ""die"" per say.Why am I giving this a negative review? The controls are abysmal.  I perfer a tighter control scheme, one where I can turn directly after a move goes off, not a second or two after the animation is done.  Yes, there is a way to negate this through the dodge mechanic, but it combersome to have to always remember to press dodge in the heat of a random five on one fight and you're simply trying to turn around to hit the thing thats flanking you.I found myself constantly screaming, ""Turn around you dumb SOB!"" at the screen during an intense moment.If you can get over that, then it's not a bad time waster game, beyond that, I had to uninstall it."
,Not Recommended,255070,17888403,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,LittlestMinish,"Just buy the soundtrack, its the best part of this game. Its really good. The controls make this game literally unfun, despite having an excellent theme and art-style."
76561197970406465,Not Recommended,255070,16936314,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Falstaff,The controls on this game are ridiculously bad.  Gorgeous artwork and cool concept but its unplayable.
,Not Recommended,255070,12575713,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,JMcSquiggle,"Seems to function more like a computer virus with fighting elements tied in, rather than a video game.  While the game is indeed tremendously fun, the constant network problems eventually caused a crash that took Windows down from the inside out in a cascading blaze of glory.The Pros:  The game has a gorgeous world built up around it with Smash Bros. like fighting elements that certainly made the game addicting.  The promise of being able to decend further into the abyss with every play through made me and a friend keep coming back for more.The Cons:  I had to reformat my hard drive about 10 hours in after constant network crashes eventually led to Windows no longer working.  This also happened on my friend's side, as the network code is incredibly buggy.  To make matters worse, the game is full of glitches and moving platforms seem to barely function at all.  The glitches are rather hilarious, and led to many hours of enjoyment.  Unfortunately, it was only funny until we had to pull a hard reset on our entier system.As much fun as this game is, I can't recommend this game to anyone until the code gets a massive overhaul."
,Recommended,255070,14529291,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"First off, its an Atlus game. I'm a sucker for Atlus games. Hell I've got the special edition Persona 3DS XL sitting next to me as I write this.Second, the music and art style are gorgeous. The combat can be a bit clunky at times, but I manage okay. I do find myself playing just to find out who this 'Warlock' is and why he's creating so many monsters from his dreams.Still, its worth a play if you like a good beat-em-up dungeon crawler. I've played better, but this one is by no means bad. Worth playing in between games and a good title for fellow Atlus fanboys and fangirls."
76561197970389264,Not Recommended,255070,15779392,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ko,"I wish I could recommend this one as I love all of ACE Team's previous games, especially the Zeno Clash games. This one ticks all the boxes for graphics, music, sound and overall atmosphere. The gameplay just doesn't click with me at all.I beat the warlock a few times, unlocked Pincoya and then I just didn't feel that the game had more to offer me. I don't find the combat interesting or satisfying in the long run, which is a shame since everything else is so nice and polished."
,Recommended,255070,32696974,Posted: 23 June,all,Hoodoo-Operator,"Bonito, pero cortito, aunque rejugable. bastante dificil siempre y cuando seas un apresurado de lo contrario nahLo recomiendo ?completamente, por apoyar a los chilenos, la verdad me gusto mucho, es entrenido, aunque algunas partes, carecen de sentido... el apartado de controles, no es muy pulido, pero responde a un 75% y por lo que vale el juego ideal para una oferta"
,Not Recommended,255070,11253321,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,"Nux, The Shiniest Warboy!","The only positive of this game so far is how good it looks.Literally effortless port from console to PC, they haven't bothered to implement *anything* for PC users. Everything is laid out for an xbox controller and all the buttons on screen are for xbox.Everything is just unfun right now. Enemies wait under you while jumping, have very weird and inhuman ways of fighting you which means you need to cheese it as a soldier most of the time. (The soldier is the back up character which you get when you die, and this WILL happen when you get hit, you often get chained for 100% of your HP)Sluggish, boring combat, never quite sure what the aim is. Rarely do I buy a game where I can say very little positive about it, but this is quite frankly the worst game purchase I ever made, and I never thught I would enjoy Euro Truck Sim 2 more than another game."
,Not Recommended,255070,11254300,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,postmanmanman,"This is an impression based on one and a half playthroughs of the game. As you can see I only have maybe and hour and a half of playtime so you'll have to take what I say with a grain of salt. If my opinions change in the future, I'll be sure to update this review.Abyss Odyssey is basically a randomly-generated platformer/brawler set in 19th century Chile. The idea is that a warlock has created a large, shifting labyrinth, and as one of three characters (the second two of which must be unlocked) it's your goal to descend the labyrinth and kill the warlock at the bottom to destroy the titular abyss.So, let's start with the good: the game's presentation is by and large pretty wonderful. Beautiful character portraits accompany the sparse dialogue and stage backgrounds drip with color and personality. Enemies and allies share the same, saturated visual style as the backgrounds, and there are some imaginative designs among the rogue's gallery of ghostly soldiers, spiders, bulls, ent-like creatures, and so on. However, though they look good standing still, movement and attacks animate with stiff rigor, creating an effect that's somewhat unpleasant, marring the otherwise remarkable visuals. The music is mostly forgettable. There's a strange mix of atmospheric ambience and jarring, rougly-Genesis-era midi-esque themes that pop up almost randomly; some stages are silent while others are accompanied by energetic themes with little explanation. It's weird and a little rough.Now, the not-quite-as-good: the highly touted fighting system that supports the whole experience. The bottom line is that... it's not particularly deep or well-integrated. ACE have clearly taken inspiration from Smash Bros., featuring a system based around regular attacks (and directional variants, e.g. neutral air, up air, down air, and side air) and directional specials, but heavy input lag and slow, chunky animations make it feel like wading through molasses. Combos are heavily restricted by the fact that attacks and movements can only be cancelled with the use of 'cancel points,' a regenerating resource that allows you to cancel regular attacks into special attacks, dodges, or jumps. You start the game with just one of these, and have at max three. The result of this stingy cancelling policy is that most of the time the only combat options you have available to you are basic two or three hit normal combos or the slow-to-start-up, very vulnerable specials.Furthermore, attack and character hitboxes are poorly defined. It's difficult to explain, but things that feel like they shouldn't connect do and that the should connect don't. Many attacks have hitboxes that last for what seems like ages, resulting in attacks that can't be dodged through and which come out too quickly to be jumped over by your sluggish double jump. The developers seem to have tried to avert this issue by giving you a large amount of health and a reasonable supply of healing potions, but being able to tank a lot of damage isn't satisfying in the way that being able to dodge a lot of damage is.The need for large health pools is further highlighted by the ability to 'capture' enemies and play as them. All enemies work on the same basic tenets as player characters, in that they have a small pool of normal attacks and three directional special attacks. Captured enemies have their own pool of health, essentially serving as extra lives for your main character. While it's a neat idea, and it certainly highlights the complex enemy design, a large chunk of the enemies are simply trash to play as compared to the main characters. Capturing the regular ghostly soldiers that populate most floors of the dungeon reveals that, surprise, playing them feels like playing a weak grunt in a beat-em-up, because that's exactly what you're doing.Of course, that just makes it more necessary to capture the few enemies that are somewhat useful, but the capture ability, like all other movements and attacks, is clunky and difficult to rely on. Even after capturing a decent enemy, it's hard to shake the feeling that they're anything more than a meatshield for your main character.Attack diversity is poor and combo potential is fairly limited. The combo videos shown by Atlus prior to release seem to promise at least some degree of complexity, but combos like those shown would only be possible under very specific conditions. Most of the time you'll be up against three or four enemies in small, cramped environments littered with evironmental hazards that render movement and combo potential very difficult. In these situations, the most effective strategy usually ends up being mashing your basic normal chains until everything is dead, since the aformentioned cancel points are never plentiful enough to afford more interesting tactics.Having said all this, I don't feel like the game is bad. It's hugely clunky and clashing gameplay elements discourage interesting play, but the mostly-wonderful presentation at least makes it an interesting trip. I'm also willing to believe that perhaps the combat system will become more interesting with continued use, given that many other beat-em-ups, like Guardian Heroes or Code of Princess, took some time to grow on me. Based on these middling first impressions though, I'm inclined to say it's only worth it if you're very curious about a couple of the novel ideas. Otherwise, I'd be much quicker to recommend Double Dragon Neon (which is also slow, but is very technical and rewarding), or Fairy Bloom Freesia (which also adopts a Smash-Bros-esque fighting system, but is much faster and smoother to play)."
,Recommended,255070,11267021,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Orbister,"A fighting game in which you have to actually fight, not just smash buttons.It's fun and it kept me thinking about it when i was away from the computer, i guess im hooked!Controls are not sluggish, they are cleverly designed to limit you (at the start, things get smoother as you get stronger) to pay attention to your next move, if you push buttons mindlessly you will fail, if you block, dodge, parry, and learn to recognize the opportunity to hit, you will do fine and have fun, thats what video games are about afterall, not about loot, nor vanity items, nor special edition hats, nor anniversary items nor ""founders"" badges, they are about enjoying the process of playing, and that is what Abyss Odyssey is about."
,Not Recommended,255070,12495043,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,A Large Wallaby,"Extremely buggy and not Dvorak compatible, crashed after first play.Needs basic improvement."
,Recommended,255070,11271359,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[G@mer]But terd,"Another game, another first try!The video is available here:http://youtu.be/IkUTkqZDGjkSo, a metroidvanian rougelike it is! Abyss Odyssey looked promising, the majority of the reviews are positive and after beating the abyss once and making the video, I have to say that I wholeheartedly agree.First off, the options menu is good. 3 seperate sliders for music, voice and soundeffects enhance the audio experience greatly. The graphical options are a bit limited, but well enough for this type of game.Before venturing into the abyss, the game gives you a tutorial in which the default controls are shown. In case you forget what button to push, the controls can be looked at or, if you play with the keyboard, rebound even while you are venturing towards the warlock.As we venture down the abyss the game shows itself in a really nice artstyle. The background looks nice, though there are only a few times in which you can't distinguish background from foreground. Speaking of art, the sounddesign in this is game is top notch, which may be a reason, why you can buy the soundtrack seperately.(not that you start thinking that the game is bad...)Through the nice looking areas we go, as we are attacked by some monsters. First off, the game sure isn't shy about its variety on enemies, which you can all unlock as playable characters in training and versus mode as well. The combat itself is in my opinion the weakest point in the game. The animations feel sluggish and unresponsive, which is a shame because apart from that the combat system is quite nicely built, especially when interacting with the environment.Not only in the combat also during small plattforming sections the handling feels weird, but that might just be me.Due to the fact that you start off the story mode with one character and one starting zone, the replayability of the game is definitely there, especially when you want to unlock all characters. Another collectable are pages for the warlock's book(actual name not coming into my mind), which you can read, if you so desire.And again we are at the point of the tl:dr/tl:dw! Is it worth it? If you can forgive the game for giving you a bad feeling about the handling in terms of combat and plattforming, I'd say it's worth picking up for full price. When the game goes on sale(which it is until 7pm CEST, 16th of July), I wouldn't even hesitate buying it. And even if the handling feels weird and you can't be asked dealing with that, you can still buy the soundtrack, if you are into it."
76561198027060930,Not Recommended,255070,12603974,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dimitri,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and a horrible saving system, unless they fix this it's a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,255070,34532694,Posted: 27 August,all,Master_Prophet,"If it wasn't for the awful screen tearing and loose controls, this could be good.  Sadly, it isn't."
,Recommended,255070,11253102,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,klassicxero,This game is harder than i thought it would be.... and im ok with this.Looks absurdly beautiful Music is also good.
76561198034343791,Recommended,255070,15547862,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,StalkingBaboon,golden axe meets prince of persia meets gustav klimt.10/10 would die again.
,Not Recommended,255070,33904122,Posted: 30 July,all,WSevren,"Abyss Odyssey is a dungeon brawler that struggles to keep me engaged. Its mechanics are good, but the world and its characters are average. The game has a great level of replayability, but due to the simplistic nature (and often unvarying) of the gameplay, it will bore you out unfortunately."
,Recommended,255070,17908966,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[Q]uik,"I love this game. I can't believe I didnt buy this game earlier. It has a fantastic artstyle - unsurprising considering it's ACE team (Zeno Clash had such a cool art direction.)Love how the game plays, it's one of the cooler brawler / rogue light games i've seen. Many people claim that the combat is ""off"" or clumsy and well..At first I agreed - and it's mostly due to the fact that you can't cancel out of attacks and if you start a basic attack you are rooted until the animation is up. (You can, however cancel normal attacks for special attacks)This is less of a problem once you start to use your attacks more carefully and less spammy (as it often is at the start)The game is rather short though, I havent beaten it but i'm very close, most people are able to beat this title in 4 hours or less, even 2. But it has, since it's a rogue light a lot of replay value. The characters are really cool too - I just wish it had more of a story than it has, since the voice acting is prettty much okay and the story is pretty interesting.All in all I recommend it to any brawler/roguelight fans :)"
76561198081040173,Not Recommended,255070,12603818,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Anna Rosa,"Not good as u think it not a 2D diablo really, Stiff and inflexible hopeless and tedious when u dead everything is gone, is that fair and sounds good to you? so don't buy it would you?"
,Not Recommended,255070,17873305,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,UltraMan✫,"It's not often I rate games down but I can't help but address this one. Not because it's bad per se but because it has so much potential to be great.PROS:- Fantastic Soundtrack. I only wish you didn't have to own the game to buy it first. I'd pay the price of the game for the soundtrack alone. I will look around to see if I can find it elsewhere, though.- Unique Artstyle. While I admit I'm not a big fan of the character or creature models art style, it is still different. So, I give it credit there for not looking like everything else out there.- Interesting story from the little bit I've seen. I'd like to see the rest but since I won't be finishing the game that's not going to happen.- Great presentation. The menus and interface are all very well designed and put together. Everything flows pretty well as it should in any dungeon crawler like this.CONS:- Art Style. This one is strictly opinion but even though the art style is different than most, it's still pretty ugly in terms of the characters and even the environments at times.- Combat: One thing that's extremely vital in a game like this is good fliud combat. It's just not here. Don't get me wrong. You can have a decent game with stiff controls but considering most of your characters aren't exactly ""power"" characters, you might expect them to be a little more limber and agile. The animations are nothing to boast about and considering this is a core game mechanic, it's a big hit to the games playability.- FRAME RATE: Considering my machine is powerful enough to run Bioshick Infinite, Arkham Asylum, Portal 2 and Crysis 2 flawlessly on MAX SETTINGS, I would have expected this game to run the same. The game seems to jump slightly at times and there seems to be slowdown occuring almost consistently. I don't know what's going on but it's almost like someone didn't optimize this game to run very well.This could really be a masterpiece almost but it just falls short.I'd recommend Outland, Dust: An Elysian Tale or Valdis Story instead."
,Not Recommended,255070,19492155,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,garbageman,this game is dumb dumb
76561198298541554,Recommended,255070,31210689,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,PRETTY GOOD
76561198007750110,Recommended,255070,26084845,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,KzerZa,Great game. Very unique.
76561198068153632,Not Recommended,255070,16692936,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Disgusting Chinks and Japs,too bad
,Not Recommended,255070,21103137,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Crimson of Rose,"This is the most beautiful pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played.Gameplay wise it's awful, but visually it's stunning.It's like if Castlevania merged with a bubsy game (gameplay wise).Stay away from the ""ultimate pack"" it's just the game and a steam wallpaper... woohoo..."
,Not Recommended,255070,11282223,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,"♥♥♥♥ing blocky. Controls are not fluid at all, and very few game design choices make much sense. Multiplayer is a disaster."
,Not Recommended,255070,18999534,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,"3bx #On""Vacation""","This game is balanced and coded so poorly. The fan base will kiss up to the developers and the both will completely disregard anything negative said about this game.The A.I. (NPCs) all will input read. This means that if you press Dodge, the A.I. will know what action you pressed immediately and react to the best possible outcome. This is all based on how far you are into the game however, as the farther down you go into the game the more reactive the A.I. will become. Sometimes to the point where you can't even land an attack because it will always be blocked or perfect blocked.Next, the game has the audicity to sentmultipleenemies at you per fight, all of which haveno collision(IE. They can stand in you and inside their allies). All of which input read. Then, the enemies also cannotfriendly-fire themselves, meaning they can all form a wall and corner you and continusely attack and combo you. They will not interrupt each other, and they are near infallible. Sometimes you get knocked into antoher enemy which will immediately grab you, then thrown into another. They are so pin-point and exact that is just becomes blatantly obvious how broken the A.I. is.Want to bring a friend?Well, that's going to be make things harder as unless you enable friendly-fire (They say the game is balanced around it) you won't be allowed to post to the leaderboards. You can friendly-fire and interrupt each other, but the enemies on the other hand can not. You also share drops, meaning a partner can take everything leaving you with nothing.The coding in this game is also very, very bad. Bad network coding leads to a lot of lag even between people that are within the same time-zone and country, leading to some really annoying mishaps. Such as teleporting, falling through objects, and desynchronization. It's just overall poorly done.I highly recommendnotbuy this game. It's fun for a while, but the clear problems and lack of interest of changing it because the fan-base kisses up to the developers just leads to countless frustration."
,Not Recommended,255070,11280470,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GROpwel,"Haven't been able to tolerate more than 5 minutes of that game, might go back later...Superb example of what not to do in the first instant of a video game. Beautiful characters looking totally  lame and impotent!  Let's start with basic combat ommisions, can't turn around in combat, attack are planted stiff on spot, can't interrupt attack, even with blocking. Can't interrupt hits received.Then I activate good old couch coop! Be advised : FRIENDLY FIRE IS FULL ON! So your only coop strategy is to take enemies in a sandwich. Both character are also visually identical so it's part of the puzzle. And the enemies fight beautifully, to our demise. In five minutes I've beend introduced to at least 5 - 6 different enemy types that I couldn't humanely decode. You'll face butt kicking traps with infinite health for tutorials, they even have to play a silhouette of the character mimicking the solution and even then I'll tell you, you have to dodge in the air. And watch out for the swinging axe's return XD hilarious!Was just the first minutes, I'll go back into it because I think it's a great learning experience. But after those first few fighting humiliations and confusing level design, we put down the controller just disgusted and wanting to do something better with our time. It might as well be an awesome game like I've been taught by Dark souls or Divinity, tho I doubt it, we'll see..."
,Not Recommended,255070,11254107,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"Beautiful, but cranky.Expected way more :( 3/10"
76561198050755537,Not Recommended,255070,11282487,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cantwhistle,"This game is unfinished. It's from indie dev ACE but publisher ATLUS who brings Persona, Fire Emblem, and Shin Megami, so is it really indie? Indie seems tacked on meant to excuse the shoddy game.DESIGN:The nobody policeman pop in if your main character dies and they're the most memorable imagery in the game. They don't even get names but their art is all that stands out. The character art is alright but it's filler image that goes in and out just as quick. It might be more interesting if the level design were better but everything is drab and blends in except the policemen. I feel like I was half asleep while playing the game because it was so hard to pick out any details. The treasure boxes, the platforms, even the characters meld together so it's difficult to know what's background and what's interactable.The jumps are (intentionally?) leaden so while you have a double jump, it rarely does much good. Trying to platform onto some of the moving ledges makes me more frustrated than Guacamelee's time warp/wall jump BS, and yet the punishment is 200 off your health. Three or four misses take half your health while enemies drop little orbs that replenish only 50. The actual fighting is boring and basically button-mashing, except you have to use the sticks so it's just stick wobbling. If there's a strategy, it's not apparent.There's something to be said for a game that doesn't hold your hand in today's world of hour long tutorials and mobile games, but Abyss Odyssey teaches you--slowly--how to attack, jump, run, and dodge. Each of these are simple button presses that have to be figured out prior to the game prompt. However, nothing else is explained. Are there elemental weaknesses? There are apparently counters. The nuances are left mysteries. I wouldn't be surprised if major mechanics went unnoticed for a month in this game.Sometimes health bars pop up above the enemies, but only as flashes that show you enemies still have health. How much? It goes by too quickly to tell. If you poison an enemy, a green number appears and counts down. What's this for? Possibly a timer till the enemy is hurt again or until the poison is gone. It doesn't count down in a timely manner though. Each numeric drop takes anywhere from 0.2 seconds to 5.0 seconds.It touts procedurally generated terrain as a plus, but it becomes forgettable because there's no human touch to it. It's a winding path of dead-ends and sudden fights where you're fenced in until....something happens. It's a mystery as to what. Sometimes one of the three enemies will die and the fences will drop and sometimes you have to kill all of them. Sometimes after a bit of fighting, the walls fall prematurely. It makes sure that none of the playthroughs are the same, and each delve into the depths takes only an hour if you don't die, but they're all such a blur of boring that it doesn't matter that they're different.There are three characters, but the two I have play identically. They have different weapons and as Katrien, I often find Ghost Monk's weapons or Pincoya's, which can't be picked up even for gold. If I find Katrien's weapon, then it's worse generally. Same goes for while playing as Ghost Monk.CONTROLS:I tried my Xbox One controller to start as it's run every other game I've played. The controllers were sluggish and sometimes Katrien wouldn't attack or dodge or whatever. After 20 minutes of that torture, I tried my 360 controller and it worked better but still the X button wouldn't attack reliably. I had to go to the Right Stick to attack anything, which seems to be the intended button, but all the special attacks and jump buttons are mapped to the A, B, and Y so why would I need to switch from stick to button for combos? The Y specials aren't reliable either. To attack, you press up or forward or down and Y, but trying to get the correct one to trigger is about 33% reliable.  There are all these attacks mapped to too few keys and other buttons left unused. It's bearable, but not at all intuitive. Maybe the keyboard is easier to use.STORY:I don't know. You're a dream of the warlock fighting the warlock and if you die, you're reborn with your money and level but not your weapon or items. Maybe it's a Chilean legend as most characters have hispanic names and some have hispanic accents. It often feels like a Japanese name where everyone is named Suzuka or Takashi and the story is just going by without significance or weight for Westerners. There's not much there anyway. Little bits of dialogue. The Warlock and Katrien apparently used to do it in their marital bed, but now she's trying to stop him. After beating it once with Katrien, you unlock a Ghost Monk who uses a different weapon. He's death or something. It doesn't make sense."
76561198066521177,Not Recommended,255070,33772367,Posted: 24 July,all,Dadda G,"Rubbish controls, utter lack of basic understanding of gameplay mechanics meant i played for hours before stopping to figure out just what the ♥♥♥♥ i was doing. I quit it pretty early on in the game because difficulty was just unbearable."
76561197992383527,Not Recommended,255070,28344794,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Zappa,"Why do not I recommend this game? I did not play many hours, but I played enough to see everything the game has to offer. I believe I am not being unfair in saying this because I went through all the maps and what changes is basically the level of difficulty and the scenario. The graphic and variety of moves, and also some special abilities, are a plus point of the game. Unfortunately the variety of character movements does not contribute much to a good fighting experience, basically what works are the most basic moves like dodge and direct attack. Lose arms or suddenly find yourself in an unfair fight against 4 or 5 enemies is another factor that discouraged me a lot, not so much for the difficulty presented but mainly for the feeling of inability to react and fight in such a situation."
76561198042873465,Not Recommended,255070,30178961,Posted: 25 February,all,Boo,Repetitive and boring.
76561198121733345,Not Recommended,255070,13348085,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,unclej84,"Pros:+ pretty good combat system;+ background and level design looks awesome;+ soundtrack.Cons:- rogue-like gameplay, which makes this game not intresting, but very frustrating;- game becomes boring very fast."
,Recommended,255070,11250290,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,FamousOutcast,"Played for about half and hour and....I like it. My only complaint is that the controls (for xbox controller) feel alittle clunky but other than that, I'm really liking the game!"
,Recommended,255070,11253048,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,kalibgames22,Three words!! ATLUS ATLUS ATLUS there dudes found a great Publisher!! if u like games like final fight and combo systems plus Random generated dungeons then get this game Man!!http://www.twitch.tv/hatchxxii/c/4671103A-9.5V-10C-9.5G=9.5 Great game awesome Price
76561198136183865,Not Recommended,255070,13624013,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,theahmedah,slow combat which makes it an unreasonable difficulty and it ain't that much interesting
,Recommended,255070,13649780,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kdodds,"With platform fighters being so ubiquitous and essentially the same game, what sets a really good one apart from the rest is the story and art of the game.  While I have barely scratched the surface of Abyss Odyssey, it is easy to see within the first few minutes that this is one of the really good ones.  If you're looking for a more tactical title, this isn't Mark of the Ninja.  What it is, however, is a beautifullly stylized, side-scrolling platformer/beat-em-up.  I have only a few complaints.  First and foremost, in order to do what the game tells you to do, for instance, block, you have to go back to the default bindings menu.  This is a minor quibble as, once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature.  Second, the levelling up and upgrades are inexplicably unexplained.  You're simply told to assign skill point to a picture.  I've not played a lot, so I'm still scratching my head as to what the skill points actually do or how to use the skills axquired since none of this is explained at all, even though you get your first upgrade within five minutes of starting (no tutorial exists either).  Lastly, the game was clearly designed to be played with a controller to the point where using the keyboard feels unnaturally clunky.  No biggie there if you have a controller, but I don't, and I wish games designed to be played with a controller would advertise that fact through strong developer suggestions.  As I now have quite a few games designed in this fashion, acquiring said controller is an inevitability and I will update this review if anything changes after that.  Otherwise, this is a solid thumbs up with a few minor issues, easily worth the <$10 I spent during the sale."
76561198037618553,Not Recommended,255070,13248419,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,strangef8,"I saw the E3 bit for this game and had high hopes.  However, I'd advise against buying it.  It's completely broken.  The movement, combat, most everything is broken.  I'd like to post something along the lines of ""in spite of these difficuties"" but the gameplay is terrible.  They force you along you a main storyline to begin which is fine to learn your basics, but after floor 1 the kid gloves come off and you realize that they weren't making this for the players.  It changes quickly from an experience that you think might be reminicent of a castlevania to wondering why there are no hit boxes for your enemies or yourself.  My genuine complaint is about the mechanics.  It seems like the designers wanted a beautiful game that could do a lot, but got kind of bored half way through the process.  If they patch the hell out of it I'll be stoked, but as it stands it's not worth a couple bucks much less the $14.99 they're asking.  If you're looking for something to dissapoint you go hit up walmart and get some Nancy Drew game compilation for two thirds of the price instead."
,Recommended,255070,23028256,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Not Recommended,255070,11274600,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,♠mitôôgoτkaξh,"Well, looks good on the screens and nothing else.Not sure is it a console game or pc game, click ""B"" to continue.... false, didn't find a match key to continue.Wooden hero, wooden movement."
76561197995820903,Recommended,255070,11251750,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Derphlosion,"really enjoyed the game! the visuals are beautiful, the enemies are difficult (but not always overpowering), and the fight system is top notch for a side-scrolling/platform/rogue-like beat'em'up. totally worth the $9.99 I paid, and the $14.99 standard price."
76561198182151634,Not Recommended,255070,17639358,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,devhyunkr,No fun...... Fuc*
76561198098018564,Not Recommended,255070,33339367,Posted: 7 July,all,dudebrobro,"I've actually wanted this game for a while, like several years, never caught it on sale until now. It's incredibly boring, so relative. The motion blur made me sick and the v sync being off made it terrible, but after adjusting video settings is was quite playable.Great artwork, just everything looks good and has a great ambience. Somewhat interesting story, good audio. Okay controls. I just don't feel anything for this game, I think it could have worked with some tweaks but I can't recommend it because it's so full of nothing gameplay wise. It's the most underwhelming game Ive purchased that didn't have problems. Maybe I'll play it, I'm not upset by the game or having paid for it, just bleh."
,Recommended,255070,12496647,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,American Shorthair Paladin,"if you like smash bros, and if you can think then you probably do, then you'll like this"
76561198121214156,Not Recommended,255070,25013157,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lautric,"so i started the game and invited one of my friends who doesnt play much games , and the  first thing he said about this game is :""this game is so broken lets play trine 3"".and yes the game has many faults in the compat system and its the one and only reason i deleted the game and put it in my old games category :) ."
76561198105682913,Not Recommended,255070,22992142,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Crash And Burn,Controls might as well be broken.
76561197962918617,Not Recommended,255070,11350180,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Brownies,"Unless it's on sale for $1 or less, don't buy it. It took me maybe an hour to beat the game. 6 hours played and I've unlocked all the characters and the only thing left to do is replay the dungeons for no reason whatsoever.In terms of gameplay, you'll spam 2 moves over and over because the rest of them are pathetically weak, leave you vulnerable for entirely too many frames, or just simply aren't viable.Save your money and buy a pizza. You'll be happier."
,Not Recommended,255070,33075669,Posted: 1 July,all,Peetzaman,"Was looking for Coop games and this caught my eye.From watching the trailer, I thought it would be Trine 2 with more combat.It is actually just walking between combat.And the combat mechanics are fairly clunky.If you like a difficult 2d brawler, this might be worth trying. But its not the faint of heart - its quite difficicultYou might get different results, but ultimately I didn't really enjoy this."
,Recommended,255070,11252781,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Frougie,"a bit hard an unusal, but can't say its not fun.its okay as the design is awesome"
,Not Recommended,255070,32948304,Posted: 28 June,all,Smitty Ryker,"Boring, too slow, tedious, clunky controls, cba to complete"
,Recommended,255070,11251145,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,10/10.....thats all I can say
,Not Recommended,255070,16518936,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"So what happens when you take Castlevania Symphony of the Night... or more accurately Castlevania Aria / Dawn of Sorrow and combine it with Dark Souls clunk?Well let me answer that for you... You get a game about travelling in to a procedurally generated abyss delving deeper and deeper to kill some demon warlock Freddy Kruger guy, who's nightmares are your reality. In fact, you're not even real because he dreamt you up... except you want to kill him... that's what kind of game you get... yeah.So this game tries way too hard to be epic and it just fails on just about every front. The art style is the only thing this game has going for it and it's just a shame it was wasted on such a giant turd like Abyss Odyssey. It's as if all the production value went in to the art style and none of it in to the game development, plot or music because it was all forgettable.It's nothing new you haven't already seen, the point being is a lot of the game play mechanics are drab, boring and redundant... let me explain:It's a rouge like game, where no dungeon you enter is ever the same twice... except that's kind of a lie because every area is almost exactly identical to the last, aside from some buzz saws and flowers trying to kill you.You basically travel down a linear path and encounter a branching point here and there. These branching paths quickly lead to a dead end with a treasure chest or check point of some kind. Usually when there's nothing there I do what any veteran Casltevania player would do and smack the wall. 20% of the time there's a hidden area with a shop keeper or paltry weapon hiding behind it...No meat though, I probably would of enjoyed a nice Castlevania roast beef here and there but no... it's usually just some crap.Another thing about this game is how lazy the direction is... I mean, procedurally generated dungeons for a game with this kind of art style?With all the effort put in to the art direction you figured they would of came up with some cool level designs and boss design concepts and made an actual game... you know, one where the developers have to always be one step ahead of themselves so players can't sequence break the game... either way it's wasted potential.The game itself gets dull and tired way too quickly. It has unlockable characters and starting points but you need to rely heavily on luck... Okay basically everything resides on your luck, as well as time put in to the game.I beat the game once, unlocked some floaty chick with a spear who has a jelly fish for a companion (Yeah is this making you cringe yet? I was rolling my eyes the entire time... what pretentious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is this any way?)There's also a heavy weapon user who looks a lot like Tyrael from the Diablo franchise (because THAT was purely a coincidence) and he's randomly unlocked by beating random bosses you encounter... random, random, random ....so have fun with randomly doing that.Another thing that bothered me was the limited inventory space ... of 4 whole spaces. Enjoy managing poison antidotes, mana potions, health potions and check point tokens when you can basically only carry 1 of each item.The number one biggest waste of resources though that made up most of the game's mechanics, or should I say gimmick, was the ENTIRE enemy capture system...I mean WTF is the point of all this? All the enemies I caught were even clunkier and weaker than my main character.... none of them had any really cool abilites and were all difficult to control... It's as if the developers were saying: ""Hey switch to this centaur thing if you want to die... like right now... yeah there ya go, you're dead now, hope that helped.""I never understood why the game forced you in to sequences where you had to play as random enemies either, other than to basically get their spirit afterwards... as some kind of reward? Great, thanks for THAT. Most of the time I had something better to do, like NOT playing as a worthless enemy character.Either way the game's plot and premise is a cryptic mess, just like Dark Souls, so I guess they got the worst possible aspects of that series right...Clunky gameplay, in order to artificially increase the difficulty of the game; and a cryptic plot so it confuses the player in to thinking their mind has been ""blown'.... except... no it hasn't, this game is just stupid and you're trying too hard to make sense of all of it...It's a 5 out of 10 at best... it tries, it fails... go play Castlevania SotN... It's just a better game as well as the godfather of the genre... When are developers going to learn you can't reinvent perfection?"
76561198031703578,Not Recommended,255070,32842258,Posted: 26 June,all,Professor Badger,"So ♥♥♥♥ing clunky, ugh and the tutorial level if you can call it that didn't even show what keys did what so i had to mash every button to figure it out/go through the menu go to options and memorize the controls. That just kills the emersion for me and i couldn't stand it, i knew i was in for a reeeeaaal treat when i found out from the main menu that these guys also made the zeno clash games (which i actually recommend because of it's unique fps beat em up style but it's still a buggy game)."
,Not Recommended,255070,22914480,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Zola,it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and forgettable.
76561198014271200,Not Recommended,255070,11341663,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,basura,"Art is great, just that game-play flat out sucks.  Enemies have like, 0 animation when they attack so they can just toss you around and eat you like salad."
,Not Recommended,255070,33118377,Posted: 2 July,all,ThisRockIFound,"There's not a whole lot to be said beyond what other reviewers have already stated, but I'll give my two cents anyhow. Don't worry, I'll keep it short.Abyss Odyssey is an unremarkable game with clunky controls and animations, somewhat interesting motifs sadly dragged down by awkwardly shaped models, and an uninteresting story. Just another mediocre brawler not deserving of your money or your time."
,Not Recommended,255070,12518556,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"The only way I can describe this game is abysmal.You don't get anything for playing: the progression system is shallow to the point that you wouldn't notice it if it weren't there.Which wouldn't be so bad, but the game itself doesn't offer any real depth.  Sure, it offers that you can play as the enemies, but you only ever get a short series of attacks that are easily interrupted, as all enemies operate on the same mechanics as the player, which leads to many dodges and lots of blocking, resulting in combat ultimately just slowing down gameplay, as you have to get past combat instead of participate in it.Everything only made worse by mediocre controls.I'm at a loss to how a publisher backed this title."
76561198007198885,Not Recommended,255070,33123840,Posted: 2 July,all,SonySteals,"Most ♥♥♥♥ed co-op I have ever played. If you seek for a decent game for two, don't buy this one."
,Not Recommended,255070,32323418,Posted: 10 June,all,Hibby,Its actually awful. Slow and clunky.
,Recommended,255070,18008070,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sogeking,"I defintely reccommend this game on sale. It's a game full of potential. It lacks a bit of variety and the pacing throws you off the deep end and expects you to get good.The game very much expects you to master cancels and doesn't really teach you how.Having said that, the controls are very responsive and appropriately punishing. The combat has weight to it, and that crazy lunge will either be the coup de grace or your ultimate undoing.I'd love to see these devs come back and ditch the rogue-like for a fleshed out game with pacing. The next Guacamelee could come from this team."
,Recommended,255070,17889403,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,The Enmity of Amity,"This is a great game!Although, the controls are a bit off and annoying..In which makes it a lot harder to play, but once you get use to it youcan easily kick♥♥♥♥♥Made it to the warlock on the second go by luck...Damn does he take a few hits!Lost in the end.Worth while to give a shot!All it needs is a bit more variety to the maps to keep it a little more fresh."
,Recommended,255070,17888287,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Poofie Love bird,"Im 42 years old. This game is the first platform game I have had fun with since Metroid.The fighting is the same as the old karate Champ on the Commodore 64. Button plus a direction is a fight move. No stupid buton combos, just plain and simple fighting. Push a direstion and hit the attack button to preform the various moces.Trine comes to mind as far as the artwork.... Not as nice as Trine's artwork, but it makes up for it, with its own style and character.  It is sort of Drab, dark, and grey... They really should have boosted the saturation a little bit i a few key areas.Anyway, this is a 10/10 from me."
76561198137936266,Recommended,255070,17885640,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,danoftheturmoil8,im enjoying it wouldnt pay full price though
,Recommended,255070,17883606,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dathomir,Reminds me of Super Smash Bros.
,Recommended,255070,17913035,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Frosty Grin,Dreamy and captivating. Plays best on a controller - and takes some time to get used to the controls. The art is fantastic and gameplay is deeper than seems at first.
76561198026673593,Recommended,255070,17936511,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,CrazyHermit,"Roguelikes as a genre tend to sacrifice graphics for a plethora of monsters, skills and trinkets to pick up, and in turn, this game being so pretty means the experience is streamlined a bit; you don't get a thousand little items to throw around or weapons to experiment with, but it's still good at it does.That said, and I know games like this aren't really about fairness, but when you can randomly get the ever-loving♥♥♥♥♥♥beat out of you by a giant chain-juggling lion monster before you even start the dungeon proper, it kinda puts a damper on the fun."
76561197984899141,Recommended,255070,17884999,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Flinch,"So there are some really mixed reviews here. I'm not going to say vague things like the controls are ""heavy"", tell you what art style it is, or load my review up with quotes. No offense to anyone.This game is awesome. Let me express some things.-First, the combat system is actually very good. AI is well done and while exploits exist the oppostion isn't given crazy stupid powerful moves to compensate for lack of design. As well, if you think anything is overpowered guess what? You get to use a dream catcher and become one.-If you want to button mash use the ghost monk, it has very straightforward arcing attacks and the bouncing ball of flame can hit stuff you didn't even know it was going to hit. Not that you can't get skilled with the ghost monk. If you want to play quick and use reflexes play as katrien. If you want a mind puzzle that pays off use pincoya.-Use the surroundings to fight, it's one of the best things you can use to fight. If you have a guard helping try to flank your opponents.-Keep your enemies back by striking. You can hit one, dodge across the room, and hit another. Then jump dodge back to the first. One of the really cool things about this game is both you and the enemy get to hit on your way up from the floor and can dodge straight through some attacks. One great thing to do with a bit of practice is to use a ranged attack to get your opponent to dodge straight into your weapon. When they end their dodge you have a free shot for a follow up combo.- When you get to the fountain room you can get all the gold, take your time killing all the lame monsters for xp, and pick up a couple health potions, then exit the game and come back and do it again. Multiple times! Which is great to do if you don't like dying. But honestly, get ready to die. This game let's you keep everything but your gear. And rewards you after you die usually. You get new characters and all. Don't take it too personally, you literally only start back at the top and lose gear. Which you will regain from another waltz below.-Gear - Buy what you need. But everything has it's place. High damage output can be the difference between trying real hard to keep your health up and just walking through enemies. But I probably wouldn't buy high damage gear until I'm looking to get real low in the abyss. Accept that you'll die and have fun. One of the coolest things about this game is that you won't retain or have access to the same gear. You'll pick up a couple gear pieces most likely and buy a couple others. You might find some gear that you buy anytime you can find it. You might change your combat style because certain items are just too hard to get a hold of. You might end up like me forced to play something unusual and end up loving it.-If you are low on health, not a ton of awesome gear and an altar nearby... die. Let the guard hoof it back to the alter and reward you with full health. What a champ. And on that note. Dodge/attack is one of the best things a guard can do in combat.-Wear out your dreamcatcher first. After the monster you are turned into dies you come back as you. You can also change out of monster form to pick up health globes. And mana globes collected automatically go to your characters mana bar.-Use camp tokens in the earlier levels. Especially before the fountain room. It let's you stock up on things and gives you plenty chances to run into merchants that can sell you things for your big fight at the bottom.-Don't expect Nightmare mode to be beatable. It's supposed to be stupid hard. Laugh when you die. You're playing nightmare mode, you probably aren't that sane to begin with.If you do all these things you will likely enjoy the game much, much more... the game you probably spent like <$10 dollars on. It's not hard to live up to $10."
76561198189319521,Recommended,255070,17947079,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Despair,Its quite fun and interesting
,Recommended,255070,16872919,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MOJO|Daitenzin,"This is a difficult recommendation but it has my vote for sure.It defintely has some intereting beat em up / combo action happening.The precedurally generated levels aren't as variable as the dev wants you to believe.The art style is good, but not definitively unique.The story is ho hum.The game play is good, much better than most side scroller fighters in this case.Play it at least once."
76561197993649933,Recommended,255070,17908121,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Bingo,The controls are simple especially if you're familiar with 2d fighting games. The art is beautiful. The world is intriguing. The controls are a little clunky but it functions and i can usually get the character to do what im thinking. All in all i cant pass this up.
76561198039912497,Recommended,255070,17901796,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Doctor Plok,"Fantastic visuals, wonderful soundtrack and some interesting world design marred by a rather fussy combat system and other obtuse functionality.Certainly worth the effort if you can spend some time getting to grips with the combat."
76561197982108776,Recommended,255070,17895118,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tominator,"Very cool rogue-lite dungeon crawler with fighting game mechanics. The gameplay is fun, especially the possibility to capture the souls of your enemies and then play as them. The best thing about the game is probably its aesthetics though, the world, the monsters, the whole setting, it's awesome.No idea how good a fighter it is since I'm not good at fighting games, but as a fan of rogue-lites, this is great!Ps.: Controller is pretty much a must as far as I've seen, works well with a 360."
76561198083496148,Recommended,255070,17916765,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Maximus20139,I tried it without a controller. It's essentially impossible to play unless you have a controller. It is a nice game though.
76561198002762205,Recommended,255070,17904810,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,kayjun,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game.All the reasons that you checked out this game in the first place are reasons to buy this game.  Rogue-lite with great art direction and a moody atmosphere.  The controls take a little getting used to (DISCLAIMER: I have only used a mouse/keyboard at this point), but the combat is fun and engaging.  Learn to read your enemies attacks, balance dodges with blocks and wait for the right moment to counter-attack.Do yourself a favor and play with a friend, voice-chat enabled, with friendly fire turned on.  You will die, and you will kill each other, but you will learn and you will like it."
76561198092540999,Recommended,255070,17905358,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Supershamu,"Quite Fun But Very Challenging!Just tried this game out on a whim and it is actually quite fun.  Surprisingly it is a 2d random map sidescroller that plays quite a bit like super smash brothers!  As a fighting game fan I actually notice quite a few things you normally don't need to worry about in games EXCEPT for a fighting game (Armor, cancelling, frames etc.)  I have logged 9 hours so far but am still really liking it.  Something kind of trippy about venturing into the encarnation of a mad warlock's dreams and the whole game feels surreal.  I would recommend it but be patient.  The game is quite difficult and takes some studying to be effective.  Even once you get it you will still have some hard times decending into the depths."
76561198003570750,Recommended,255070,17885166,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Deadlock,"I've played this game for a few hours during the free weekend and it's pretty addictive, mainly because of its rogue-like elements, leveling up your character and diving further and further into the abyss.Pros:+ I really like the art style. Characters are unique and pretty weird. Great atmosphere in every level; it feels a bit like Trine.+ You can morph into the enemies you've slain! That's really cool.+ The RPG elements are pretty well done, although I'm not too sure about the skill points. As in every good rogue-like dying really matters and resources are limited.Cons:- Abyss Odyssey feels like a mixture of Rogue Legacy and Super Smash Brothers, but the controls are clunkier than both of those games (and that's not really a good thing).- It's hard to time attacks, especially since most enemies instantly block. But maybe I'm just a noob at this game.- Unsure about the replay value. There are quite a few unlockable characters, but I doubt the game is entertaining enough to do multiple runs.I wouldn't pay the full price, but I recommend picking up this game on sale (currently 3 euros). I still want to try out local coop."
,Recommended,255070,11785791,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,OPGrizzly,"Abyss odyssey is a unique 2.5d sidescrolling beat 'em up with fighting game mechanics that make it anything but a walk in the park. It's more of an odyssey... in an abyss. Still, it's got lovely gameplay and tight controls. It's also a great game to play with a friend/SO and/or spouse"
,Recommended,255070,17877944,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,[OvO]wl,"A very nice and polished game. I had initial frustrations with the controls, but after a couple of hours those disappeared.Think Golden Axe, but with better graphics :D"
76561198051894463,Not Recommended,255070,18094582,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Niclicious,"Pros:- Beautiful artwork- Amazing soundtracks- Compelling backstoryCons:- Procedural dungeons that feels repetitive- Terrible grinding (Lost all equipments after death. Earn gold and purchase again. Rinse and Repeat)- Super clunky character movement and controls- Over-powered enemies (Always insta-block attacks)- Lack of character choices (Only 3 characters to unlock)- Disorientation of sound in games (Repetition on top of another sound, clipping, etc)Summary:A game that captivates at first glance, but with so much flaws, it is best to avoid.Score:3/10"
,Recommended,255070,13716519,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tiplomacy,"First things first, this game is beautifully crafted. It is certainly one of the most visually appealing games I have played. I am typically not a fan of this style of metroidvania inspired game. Primarily because I am simply not very good at them and they become frustrating rather than fun fairly quickly.With this game I find that the story and visual appeal continue to draw me in. Even though I am not very good at the game, I continue to come back to it because I am curious to see what will happen next and what new environments will be revealed as I slowly progress into the abyss.I highly recommend this game. For those who like me, are not very adept at platforming hack and slash games a patient approach is well rewarded. For fans of metroid and castlevania, you do not want to miss this game. It is a stunning and amazingly deep experience."
76561198054730834,Not Recommended,255070,14144204,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,J4m3s 8r4nC0,"i expected too much from this game.you only have a few characters to play, but you can be loots by using a strange soul systemthe coop sucksdo the same thing, become strong die, come back stronger try again until its done...could be better"
,Recommended,255070,13432128,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,snowkie,"At first it was quiet challenging.. the control was odd, I died alot... I rage quit.But when I look at the review about this game, i find that alot of people recommend this game.. there must be something..So I take a second run.. and yes, the control still feels clunky.. but hey, It feels more and more make sense after I get used to it, And surprisingly fun and challenging at the same time..If you're more into a hack and slash game.. I don't recommend this game for you.. this game needs some skills, juggling and timing. Similar feels on a fighting game when timing is everything to connect combos. But if you're into fighting games like smash bros.. this game is definitely a MUST!"
,Not Recommended,255070,16225410,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ulvhamne,"Bad controls, laggy graphics for no apparent reason (this game shouldn't be this heavy)There is a story, though, and an unusually good one for a platformer. And it looks nice."
,Recommended,255070,16490841,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jynxt,Two Thumbs up!ProsLots of replayability (Roguelike souls system / Dungeon crawling / Leveling skills and item upgrades)Aesthetically pleasing (Very unique polished artwork. You can tell its from the Zeno Clash team)Combat and AIPriceConsCombat and AI is very rough around the edges. Controls like an older games.All the cons just take time to adjust to.When the game is on sale its a steal.
,Recommended,255070,16491009,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Paleknight,You like Castlevania? You love co-op and to play as other monsters? If you answered yes you will get your wish and not be disappointed. This game is an amazing rogue-like game has three playable story characters each with there own abilites and weapons. Each run is never the same the levels are randomized letting you guess what will come next. Plus great and challenging fights against monsters which get harder as you descend down the abyss.
,Recommended,255070,16491179,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ace nugget,fun game with inputs similar to smash brothers in that there are two attack buttons that do different attacks based on the direction of the control stick. also unlocked my computer's potential to double as a space heater
,Recommended,255070,16627814,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Rosewood,"I recommend this game with a warning.I really enjoy playing it, and I just beat it, but I'm a little frustrated, because, the game then wiped my progress, my levels, my gold, everything.No warning, no notification that I was creating a new game and deleting the old, nothing...I now have to grind for another seven hours to get to level 40 again, so that I may capture monsters like Paganini, and I'm not willing to spend another few hours grinding just to have it taken away again..."
76561198102562726,Recommended,255070,18018479,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,No-Self,"This is not necessarily a full review of Abyss Odyssey but more of a response to a number of people saying they found the controls to be ""clunky"". When I hear clunky I think unresponsive, slow, or even glitched controls. I was initially turned off to buying the game because of this, but got it on sale anyway because it looked cool. I have to say I don't understand the complaints.  If you're looking to mash endlessly with gigantic hitboxes, then yeah you may not like the feel of the combat. Instead you have to consider each of your options and how to string them together to make them effective. It has a 2d fighting gamey feel in that each attack has specific ranges in which they are effective and everything can be special cancelled (up to three times in one combo). As a fan of many fighting games I enjoy this aspect of the game. Seeing what kind of combos you can pull off with each character and enemy soul is pretty fun. It is certainly a unique experience and I look forward to a sequel in the future."
76561198132439491,Recommended,255070,18025899,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,coraxlord,"I've seen a lot of negative feedback about the controls in this game.  True, there was a moment or two in the beginning where I almost swung my controller at my monitor like a chromed up War Boy with a mace.  But a few things happened that allowed me to beat the game after a few hours of play.1) I somehow stumbled upon the monk character.  Everything is better once you get that cloaked, knee-padded savior.  I also liked Pincoya (the other unlockable character) and her spear.2) I read up a bit about the game and learned about Cancel points.  Invest your level up points in those before anything else.3) It turns out that button mashing is still relevant in fighting (style) games.  But to be fair, it's mostly parry mashing in this game.  You still need to learn the controls.10/10 would roll the controller against their forehead if it meant beating a horde of enemies."
76561198086505175,Recommended,255070,11617590,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"Third review after patch 1.10My rating: 84/100I am glad to rewrite this review and finally give this game what it deserves. I do not know, what happened, but certainly, it all got better.Combat changed to challenging feature. System became innovative, creatures are skilled and force you to vary your attacks, so forget, you will beat a game with a single one combo. Some moves are illogical, but these are just simple details.Finally, save system works. You do not have to be afraid, that turning off the game will erase your progress. So, camp tokens are back in the game, it is worthy to buy one, because dying without them means you have to start from the beginning, which is the purpose of this feature.There are three locations to start, also with three characters to pick. Sabre wielded Katrien, using magic and fast attacks, more heavily equipped Ghost Monk, who takes the form of the souls caught within the Abyss, fighting mainly with double-handed sword. Last is Pincoya, fairy-like woman equipped with polearm. Each of the characters has a different approach to the game, another point, what assures that game will remain enjoyable and playable.Art is fantastic, chilean environment, their army from the nineteenth century, all depicted in Mucha's painting style.Soundtrack is also catchy, I may finally say, that this game is worthy of every cent spent. I am looking forward to another adventure searching for the route in the warlock's dream.You can find here some real and mythological beings, surely, changed as mighty mind twistes the world around. Just to mention Paganini, Verbum Dei and wise man, that gives wisdom for gold.Thank you, ACE team, for bringing this game to us and hearing us out. It was longer, than I desired, but in the end, I am satisfied.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,255070,14005114,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,𝓹𝓾𝓵𝓼𝓮 𝔀𝓲𝓭𝓽𝓱,"I really, really want to like this game. The aesthetics are great, but its just too frustrating to play. It's far too unforgiving to have such clunky controls."
76561198107385672,Recommended,255070,15724427,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,I'm frustrated with this game. I play on windows 8 and there is certainly some problems with the fluidity on my machine and 1024x768 screen though this last time I tried it seemed a bit better I don't know why. I think it's certainly a good game otherwise but can't appreciate it. Maybe I'm not good with PC to know how to adjust the settings. I also probably need help of other players to get how to play it better.
,Recommended,255070,14916072,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Opalgrowl,True art.Demanding gameplay.Awesome gameworld.Love it.
,Recommended,255070,11265673,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,rih,"I love metroidvania games and I rarely write reviews, but I think this game has the potential to be a great game with only a few tweaks, so here I go...Although I really enjoyed several elements of the actual game (gorgeous visuals, music, level design, enemies and heroes characters and that low price is surreal for such an ambitious project), there are currently three BIG design ideas that I really hate:-Friendly Fire, I won't even argue much here as this is really obvious and already posted by several other reviewers - if you want to make co-op thoughtful in your game keep the ""colision"" part, but get rid of the damage! Just one additional note, friendly fire in fast paced platformers specially this one with a 2D fighting games combat system vibe simply don’t work well. It works much more towards increasing frustration, avoidance and restrict experimentation than adding excitement or tactical / strategic elements gameplay-wise.-Clunky controls, the controls schema is ok, but far from perfect. I'm using a X360 joystick and it would be great if the controls were as responsive as in some other recent 2D platformers like ""Dust: An Elysian Tail"", ""Shank 2"", ""Valdis Story"" etc or even real fighting games like ""SFIV"", ""KoF 13"" (slower) or ""UMvC"", BlazBlue"" (faster) - specially the movement aspect: to block, parry, turn and recover.-No way to ""save"" between levels (there is a temporary way, an expensive and painful one, which means if you don't have the proper item, are far away in the Abyss and dies or don't have the time to finish the game, it's basically: gameover). FIX: just add automatic checkpoints in the current altars. For those of you that think this is a “casual gamer” request, let me elaborate: If you are not a bon vivant teenager and don’t have the spare time to play beginning to end every time you start the game (around 1h15) you will never enjoy this game as it already happened to me twice since launch when I got only about 20 minutes to play per session in my scarce free time. Checkpoints are needed to fix a design flaw that forces players to “play to the end at once or never play it”. PS: I hope you guys realize a checkpoint to save progress is a completely different thing than a free Healing Altar!I always try to respect and understand designer decisions (they are there for a reason), so for the first two points and to please everybody, simply adding a ""Turn On/Off"" option would solve it. Or even a difficult setting: Option1 (checkpoint to save + disable friendly fire) and Option2 (save costs items/gold + enable friendly fire).I believe this game has the potential to became one of the best 2D platformer games of all time, otherwise I promisse you I would never write a review this long, so hopefuly the devs will check the player's reviews and work on patches and enhancements. Until there, I found it hard to keep playing and/or recommend.EDIT:To end the silly “casual” versus “hardcore” arguing here, let me be very direct: AO is a really easy-to-beat game once you get the basics and have the mandatory free time (just learn to properly parry and level up your char to unlock the 3 cancels: done). If you believe my negative review points to help enhance the overall game experience is a simply “nerf the game’s difficult!” you are insanely mistaken.  If you want to play a hard game and not make a fool of yourself here, go play Dwarf Fortress (PC) or Battletoads (NES) – both great games btw.EDIT2:Kudos to developers! Only two days after release and patch 1.01 is already out fixing a major complain in the game (Toggle Friendly Fire On/Off is now possible), increasing some control responsiveness issues and more!EDIT3:After reinstalling the game and checking over the last updates I've changed my status review to a ""recommended"" game. Gameplay and other balances greatly improved in the last update! Kudos to developers!Best regards,"
76561198037108662,Recommended,255070,15576110,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,13,"a visualy stuning game that, in my opinion plays very well (other people might disagree on the last pert)"
,Recommended,255070,14474344,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,D4Dementia,Just made it through my first play through.I love this game.Great MusicArcade platform RPG styleBEAUTIFUL artworkAnother Solid Win from ATLUSI endorse 99% of ATLUS games on their quality alone.
,Recommended,255070,14605531,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Count Moldy,"I really enjoyed this game. I got it for the full price and I feel it was worth it.Controls were not as smooth as I would have liked, but they were not frustraitingly rough. Enviroments were bland but enemy design was fun."
,Recommended,255070,14089182,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kosmani,"EDITED TO REFLECT CHANGING CIRCUMSTANCES--After finally (with no help from any of the forums) sorting our my controller to work with this game, I am now able to play it, so I thought I'd do the right thing and change my review.The game is actually really cool. At first the controls feel clunky but once you get a handle of things, it works out. The graphics, voice acting, aesthetics and overall atmosphere is wonderful and engaging, and the mechanic of controlling lesser creatures is pretty cool too, though it may take a while before you get there. The gameplay is also pretty cool, and it's fun leveling up a character and unleashing fun combos on enemies. Training mode is your friend. The rogue-like elements are also well-balanced; you keep all gold but lose items/weapons, so you actually progress further down the cave each time, but it's still difficult, and you may still lose on the first segment.However, changing directions in this game is clunky at times, unlike the rest of the controls. It feels like wading through gelatin. I'd recommend it on sale, or if you like rogue-likes. Maybe also if you like Trine. But otherwise, try playing another RPG, rogue-like, or maybe even a fighting game.Original Review:Don't let the 'Full Controller Support' thing fool you - PS3 and PS4 controllers are NOT supported and the developers don't care. And playing with a keyboard is an awful experience; akin to playing Mortal Kombat or some other fighting game using just a mouse."
,Recommended,255070,15865596,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,anfrey,Beautiful game developed in my home country of Chile putting local folklore and fighting game mechanics into a procedurally generated side-scrolling adventure!
76561198147143110,Not Recommended,255070,15643018,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Limsalo,"I want to play this game so much, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Someone please tell me how a Alienware 14 with updated everything, unessasary programs closed and every thing possible turned off to up my fps. Wanna know what fps I have.......5-7 fps at all times. If someone can explain this too me I will change my review, but as of now I don't even want to talk about this game."
,Not Recommended,255070,15643700,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,xab,"I really loved the idea of having a 2d rogue-like beat'em up, but the game *feels* really sluggish: the animation is really fluid, but hitframes are very hard to manage and turning is just weird (and slow), it feels like fighting in water or underwater even. On the other hand the art style is nice, the art nouveau stills are beautiful - but as a dungeon crawler beat'em up this is a no-no, at least for me."
,Recommended,255070,13467484,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PostPre,"Imagine if subspace emissary from brawl was fun. Now, add in some roguelike elements to it, like randomization of levels, random weapons, etc. Finally, throw a really interesting aesthetic over it all. It looks good, sounds good, and controls beautifully... Would recommend for anyone into platform exploration, Smash Bros, or supporting developers who make interesting things."
,Recommended,255070,13812146,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bazooka137,"Wow. What an utterly fun excuse for a game. This game came out as a total surprise to me as I was never a fan of the Zeno Clash games, but I may have to go back and re-try them after this. The combat and controls in this game are straight out of a Fighter. You've got a wide arsenal of moves to go forth and special move cancelling to boot. I would recommend playing this game with a controller though, as with most fighting games, the keyboard controls aren't the best. And don't even get me started on those graphics, mmmmm, beautiful. Some of the best animations and background design of the year right here. DON'T miss out on this game."
,Recommended,255070,13755316,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tumnaselda,"Roguelike platformer melee action. Challanging but fun to combo. A little bit short but high replay value covers that.You might find that your character is somewhat hard to control but those controls have their pros and cons. It's not ""traditional"" but if you get used to them you can combo like the king.Recommended cost is $10."
,Recommended,255070,13687483,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hyenascrib's Sanguinous Panties,"Going to be pretty brief on this review, so it'll be in sections.Artwise: Abyss Odyssey is... well. Lovely to look at. I don't think anyone expected anything else. Though rather then the Fantasy-Punk vibe of Zeno Clash it is instead something of an Art Nouveau fever dream. Its distinctly late 19th century Chilean, and honestly that makes it feel almost as unique as ZenoClash. Simply because of the lack of well, games with that vibe.The Fighting: It is not bad. It is also not that great. It reminds me heavily of the old Squeenix brawlers like The Bouncer or Ergheiz (especially the adventure mode) The primary point that needs to be understood is you absolutely must cancel animations in a careful pattern to actually make combos.  There are moves with a certain number of hits, but chaining together moves and quickly dispatching enemies, or preventing yourself from being torn apart requires a different skillset then most fighting games do. It's kind of like Orb Walking in a MOBA. I enjoy it greatly, but I think it should be called a 'side-scrolling combo-brawler' over a 'fighting game'. The only flaw I see is it takes some getting used to to figure out how not to get stuck in animations, and some things feel unresponsive. (Turning isn't as bad as people say it is, but it COULD use some work. I imagine it'll be tweaked in the future.  I also have a feelong allot of the extremely negative reviews are from earlier builds as right now, it's quick.)The story: Small, compact, folklore rich and not particularly invasive. Its not some mesmerising story with a gripping narrative, but its a functional fairy-tale that conveys a rich and enthralling world. It takes multiple trips into the abyss to actually tell its tale.The Monster-Capture-thing: Gonna be honest, I am sad. SAD I SAY. I reeeaaaaally am a sucker for cute monsters, and would love to just be able to choose them at the start of the game after catching them. However, despite people's reviews, they're more then a damage sponge (an alternate pool of hitpoints, really) While they can serve that purpose, they've got interesting movesets with specific advantages. Some of these can be used to cheaply deal with certain enemies. (The mimic can absolutely trash a few for instance) While others are more all around useful and versatile or even allow better terrain navigation. (Pudutaur is incredibly mobile and has fantastic range on her melee)Finally. Pudu-Taur. Seriously. Pudutaur. That enough should sell the game. Don't know what a pudu is? Look it up. Pudutaur.Pudutaur."
,Recommended,255070,13658531,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Damage,"So I bought this game 5 and 1/2 hours ago with a friend. For all the reviews saying this game is crap, not hard enough, way too easy, only has 2 hours of content etc is full of crap. 5 and 1/2 hours on nightmare mode with a friend and yet we haven't even seen the end of the game yet.5/5 would recommend to play with a friend."
,Recommended,255070,13761704,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vroshnak,"I'm terrible at this so far, but I'd like to play it co-op."
76561198014757132,Recommended,255070,13328978,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,♠ArcticSØul™,"Reasons why i bought this game:1) Fun gameplay;2) Great fights / enemies;3) Beautiful visuals;4) Amazing soundtrack.Reasons why i stopped playing it (i think it could be improved without much trouble):1) Saving its quite difficult. You can get (find and buy) one or two saves if you are lucky, but sometimes you get none, in the entire game.Even if you get to save, it expires afer you use. So when you don't have anymore saves, and you die, game over, you have to start from the beggining of the game;2) When you die, you lose all your equipment, so if you bought a sweet 15k sword, you won't have it anymore after respawn;3) Playing coop is hard (messed up) because friendly fire can't be turned off."
76561198011766520,Recommended,255070,15371124,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,joppybabbo,"2D platformer, rogue-like with very interesting game mechanics.  Use multiple characters, use soldiers, capture enemies, choose your path in The Abyss and much, much more.  Absolutely gorgeous, maybe the most beautiful game I've ever played.  Screen tearing reduces this game from an 8 to a 7.5.7.5/10"
76561198025263174,Recommended,255070,14812596,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Zel'Varkhan,"Abyss Odyssey is a beautifull game. Its graphics are nice, the combat is fine, story is fine and the rewards for playing it is fair. You can unlock characthers, each of them with uinique talents and combatstyles. You can play with a friend. Its a nice little game and i recomend it for thse who enjoy smal games with a soul. It might not be something you spend 90 hours on, but you get your cash worth."
,Recommended,255070,14815015,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Mermalaide,"I really like this game. Unique and wonderful monster and character, definately challenging. It reminds me a little of Castlevania Sympony of the Night in exploration and items. But it's really fresh! I have been playing and enjoying! Very nice!"
76561198043891963,Not Recommended,255070,15029833,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,dunaway5,"An interesting idea, but the controls are painfully awkward, and combat is incredibly stiff.  You move incredibly slowly and your attacks don't combo very well, which throws any sense of flow out the window.  The controls are especially annoying when it comes to platforming, because the game can be very picky about getting on platforms and climbing ledges, so getting around is quite annoying, even out of combat.The graphics are quite nice at least.  They remind me of Path of Exile, with a similar gritty style, and it works quite well.  It would take a lot more than that to save the game though.Overall, there were a few good ideas buried under technical incompetence."
,Recommended,255070,13711668,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mario715,Very good arcade style game with rpg elements. Fresh and stylish game graphics as usual by the ACE team. Good work ACE!
76561197972266460,Recommended,255070,19641433,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Twosday,"This is an interesting brawler with some rogue-like elements. You go from area to area, progressing through one of a couple different paths as you make your way to the big bad, and when you win or lose, do it all over again.The game has nice graphics, but is repetative and it did not last me very long before i had beat it a couple times and didnt feel like continuing.Worth a buy on sale, skip at full price."
,Recommended,255070,19845383,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,retrogomagomes,"Jogo bem legal, gostei bastante. Apesar de parecer um jogo de plataforma comum, ele oferece mais coisas do que aparenta. Os combates são um pouco chatos pra pegar a manha mas depois que vc aprende, o jogo fica bem divertido. Vc deve aprender os padrões de golpe do inimigo pra então planejar o seu ataque e acredito que esse seja o principal motivo de tanta gente não ter curtido muito o jogo. Não adianta vc ficar apertando freneticamente o botão do controle esperando atingir o inimigo o máximo de vezes possível. Se vc jogar assim, não vai conseguir chegar muito longe e vai acabar se frustrando.O combate é o que na minha opinião tornou esse jogo bem divertido. Não chega a ser aquela coisa apelona do dark souls hehe, mas bem de leve lembra um pouco, pelo fato de vc ter que calcular os movimentos dos inimigos e quando vc deve o atacar.As fases são geradas aleatoriamente, por isso cada vez que vc morre, volta ao começo. O objetivo do jogo é passar pelas diversas cavernas até chegar no chefão final. Quando o personagem morre, vc mantém o progresso dele e também o dinheiro coletado. Nessa estrutura das cavernas, existem 3 níveis, fácil, médio e difícil. O padrão de dificuldade também é aleatório, vc pode tanto ir por uma trilha só com cavernas de dificuldade fácil ou logo de cara ter que passar por uma com a dificuldade difícil.No começo é meio difícil pq como as fases e dificuldades são geradas aleatoriamente, vc já de cara pode ter que enfrentar 2 fases da maior dificuldade, e nisso vc vai penar pra passar por que seu personagem está ainda fraco. Mas ao longo do jogo e à medida que o personagem subir de nível e ganha novas habilidades, juntamente com o fato de que vc provavelmente irá controlar melhor o personagem por ir pegando a manha dos combates, o jogo fica bem mais tranquilo. Quando eu cheguei mais ou menos no nível 10, já consegui chegar na penúltima caverna antes do chefão final sem morrer nenhuma vez.A trilha sonora do jogo é bem legal, casou bem com a atmosfera das fases. Os gráficos são ok, nada muito extraordinário mas também longe de serem ruins. O ponto forte é pra paisagem das fases, que são bem desenhadas e o design dos inimigos, que é bem psicodélico. Eles até me lembraram os inimigos do jogo Zeno Clash, que foi feito por essa mesma produtora.O único ponto fraco do jogo é o controle, que poderia ser mais preciso. As vezes os comandos não saem e isso frustra um pouco, mas nada que chegue a tirar a diversão do jogo. No mais, eu recomendaria esse jogo pra quem gosta desse estilo em plataforma e também goste de jogos mais difíceis e desafiadores. Se vc procura um jogo desse estilo porém que seja mais casual e mais simples, eu recomendaria procurar outras opções. Acho que esse jogo é meio 8 ou 80, ou vc vai gostar muito ou de cara já vai odiar e deixar ele de lado."
76561197969019226,Recommended,255070,21989830,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Asoth,"great ""art nouveau"" game style, hard core really specific"
76561198013719796,Not Recommended,255070,11490780,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Niob,"It has a cool Artstyle and can be fun at start but it gets boring very fast.Sure you can do nice combos with a bit of practice, but why if you can beat the game simply buttonmashing ?There are about 4 different kind of stages and maybe a dozen different enemys.After you beat the game (took me about 4 hours) the only thing you can do is unlock new charakters and try to beat the final boss again...Sorry not enough variety for me"
76561198085636608,Recommended,255070,25669823,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TomKevanBruce,"This is much better than I thought it would be.  It's a fun platformer with combat mechanics borrowed from Smash Bros.  The graphics are gorgeous; there are a few different environments that all look colorful and drastically different from one another.  Music and sound effects are pretty good, but not remarkable in the same way the visuals are.The controls are janky.  There's problems with autocorrecting, with facing the right direction, with climbing over obstacles and with spacing in combat, all because the controls aren't dialed in very well.  The game remains playable but the crappy controls will lead to some frustrating deaths.  The game isn't very long.  It's made so that you can start it, beat it in maybe an hour or so, then come back a day or two later and beat it again.  Your character gets stronger and maintains that strength throughout multiple deaths and playthroughs.I play on an HTPC and the game is easy to read on a 50"" TV from 8' away.  All the fonts are large, clear and bold.  Combined with full voiceovers, I consider the production value to be very high for a title at this price point.I wholly reccomend this game to anybody who enjoys platformers or smash bros.  If these types of games aren't strong draws, this is still a good time waster if you can get it on sale.  There is a co-op mode and the game has some replay value."
,Recommended,255070,24616168,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,zerofate007,"This game is good, is like I'm playing old Castlevania game series all over again but with better graphics. The replay ability in this game is the difference of characters that have varied skills to master & random stage mode. Shame the story in this game is rather sucks in my opinion. This game is not for everybody to if you like a platform game with rather difficult gameplay then this game is for you to play if not well you can try other genre games."
76561198001788291,Recommended,255070,17873264,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Neins,It's solid and hard.And very hardcore.Need to fight with cunning style.I don't really recommend to buy this.However I still got all the characters and play for a period of time.
,Recommended,255070,23679034,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ArYahn,"(I played on a controller, so I can't vouch for how the game plays with keyboard.)Abyss Odyssey has some pretty clever ideas and is a pretty fun 2D brawler after some adjustment. Most of the problems I have with it are related to the co-op. First, the netcode is just bad. When you're not the host be prepared for assets to not load in properly or at all, rubberbanding, and occassional gamebreaking desyncs (for instance my coop partner once just had a black screen and couldn't move, while on my screen they were standing in midair between platforms).  Second friendly fire being the default in co-op, just do yourselves a favor if you play this game co-op and don't turn friendly fire on. The menu argues the game is ""balanced"" for it, but the game is really plenty punishing without your partner stabbing you in the back, and sitting in your side of the arena waiting for an enemy to break off from your partner so you can safely attack them is pretty lame. Additionally, the enemies don't have friendly fire and can freely stack up and overwhelm you, and more of them spawn in the cooperative mode.There are also a lot of cheap shots in this game. You'll drop into a pit and a waiting enemy will attack you before you can even see what's happening, or you'll hit a trap. Enemies will spawn right on top of you immediately whipping out punishment. It's not terrible when you're prepared for it, but still bleh.As a single player game it's pretty well balanced and fun. I really enjoy the simple ""smash bros"" emulating controls, although the game does lack the polish and nuance of smash I still respect that direction. The art is pretty great, although attack animations are sometimes a bit wonky.Ultimately, if 2D Brawlers aren't your standard fare there are better ones to try first, but if it's a favored genre then Abyss Odyssey is certainly worth a look."
76561198069724189,Recommended,255070,20190519,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KuroKurownu,Really a great game to play when you dont want anything heavy.Its a bit of a Metroídvania on the casual side.Took me a while to get into but after a few hours i really started to enjoy it!
76561197996795963,Recommended,255070,20227781,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Twoquestions,"It feels like a clone of the Smash Brothers Subspace Emissary campaign, which is a good thing.  I think people go in expecting a SOTN feel, but are disappointed when the characters aren't as fast and light as Alucard is.You gotta keep on your toes, or even random enemies will wreck you.One of my favorite things about this game is when you die, you're replaced by a human soldier who's weaker than your main character, but if you make it to a shrine you'll get your main back.The art is also awesome; it's a dark style that's not afraid to use color!"
76561198160868511,Recommended,255070,20618089,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"A unique Rogue-like game with fighting game-like gameplay,breathtaking dungeons to explore and 2 sexy heroines(and 1 guy...kinda) and the ability to play as the game's enemies and bosses,each with a deep and unique moveset of his own."
,Recommended,255070,21571786,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"Golden axe went to a  bar and Tekken slipped something into its drink. 9 Months later, Abyss Odyssey was born and Tekken won't return Golden Axe's phone calls10/10 would get roofied again"
,Recommended,255070,21688781,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Azezo,"The game is fun to play, Movement system need improvement, you will be repeating the process over and over till you get bored, Tonz of chr to play with each with different style, Die and you will curse the game XD, been awhile since i played a game you start weak and stay that way till you master all the skills but you will still be weak lol."
76561198079306596,Recommended,255070,13561853,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ISY Talismen,animation style is interestingmusic is beautifuland the gameplay is a little tricky at first but all in all 8.5 /10 because of learing curve
,Recommended,255070,12529853,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,volvo noice!,It's like Castlevania! Graphics are fluid!
,Recommended,255070,12530025,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Warhol,Bauta/Ghost Monk 4lyf
,Recommended,255070,12532052,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos",This is a rogue-lite brawling game with randomly generated rooms to traverse. It's you being one of three dream-figures to battle the nightmare creatures of a sleeping warlock.In battle you are easily stunlocked and overpowered by cheap attacks of some of the monsters but the fighting is fun regardless as you can also try to set the enemies up. You can play as any of the other monsters too if you catch them in a pokemon fashion first.Artwork and mythology is chilenian and if you like playing games that feel unique and not generic that's yet another reason to buy. Also soundtrack is fine.The game is story-light with some nice dialogue and pages from a journal to find.The abyss gets repetetive after a while but it seems the devs still add in more stuff to discover.TLDR: get it if you like a procedurally generated brawler-2d-style game with an interesting setting.
76561198013594588,Recommended,255070,12494770,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Person who is relaxed,its aight yo
,Recommended,255070,12499711,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,shimmm,"One of the best looking rogue-likes of this year. You can turn into monsters you fight by finishing them off with special moves, all with different movesets and physics properties. It's something that you kind of come back once in a while, to get immensed in the atmosphere, and try out new monsters. Lots of loot to get and buy, great replayability value. The dev teams update monster types frequently too, making every travel down the abyss fresh and interesting."
76561197973037073,Recommended,255070,12506230,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ARXON,It is like a fighting game with some rogue-lite and metroidvania elements. Wish it was less rogue-lite and more metroidvania but its fairly unique at was it does. Definetly not for everyone.
,Recommended,255070,12519806,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ЩĄ | BEEF_SUPREME,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing weird, so ♥♥♥♥ing difficult (at least at the beginning) and so ♥♥♥♥ing irritating.  That said, it is a lot of fun and even rewarding sometimes.  I got it on sale, I suggest you do the same."
,Recommended,255070,12520800,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Slinks,"It feels good to hit weird looking nerds with my big sword. Thank you ACE team, you've done it again."
76561197961209133,Recommended,255070,12513552,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Lolsamurai*,"Boom , that's real indies.. Making my imagination going crazy.. Maybe... one day.. the perfect ga....Keep going"
,Recommended,255070,12513631,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,erosnecropsique,"The idea of the game is realy good, the game itself is beautiful but..this is one of the most irresponsive game i never played in my life. This is just frustating and this is the best comment i've read here :As much as I wanted this game to work, it simply does not. The idea is solid, but the controls just don't respond in real-time combat. The monsters defend against your tactics quickly, but your ability to react is lost in a highly-limited, unresponsive combat UI. The game looks like it would be so fun, if only you could hit back; just getting your character to face the right direction is a chore. You can execute combos all day in the training dojo (against a motionless combat dummy), but none of those moves will work once the UI tries to interact with the AI."
,Recommended,255070,12625722,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,1G86,"If you're looking for a chill out with an indie title, you might want to get this one on the next game sale. Abyss Odyssey is a pretty decent rogue-style, side-scrolling dungeon crawler that can offer a few hours of entertainment.Enter the Abyss, a constantly changing nightmarish world with every load of your game. Choose among three different heroes, with different weapon-combat styles and spells at their disposal to vanquish the creatures of the Warlock's mind. To add a bit more to the customization, you are able to absorb a slain monster's soul, and make use of its skills to add to your own arsenal.Combat is quite fluid, and very easy using a game controller. Attacks are composed of simple directional and button combinations. Defensive maneuvers are composed of blocking, jumping and dodging around with the same ease in command. The combats give off a fighting game vibe - the AI is quite formidable at times as the use blocking and dodging as much as you do. (And they have a habit of just popping up around  you in different combinations.)The game is packaged in a very pleasant art style resembling that of Tarot Cards (Art Nouveau, if you want to sound fancy.) Musical scoring is reminiscent of Castlevania which fans of the genre may find quite enjoyable.The plot. Well. Don't expect much.Nothing too fancy or ground breaking really - but it gets the job done with its simple mechanics. I actually haven't finished yet, as I'm still fumbling around with the three different heroes and trying to figure out which one I like the best. I haven't checked out any of the multi-player functions yet but I heard that it's quite good as well.If you want something laid back, I'd really recommend this for you. My advice, again, get it on a sale day."
,Recommended,255070,11815840,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Soviet Mundas,"I picked Abyss Odyssey up on a whim as something to do with the wife and considering that I've enjoyed the hell out of ACE's other titles I wasn't too worried about this one. So long as you go into it with the expectation of dying often you'll have a hell of a good time working your way through the depths and ultimately fighting the Warlock.The best modern examples I can use to describe this title is it's Dragon's Crown slammed together with Trine and topped off with your standard Rogue-lite affair (Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, etc...). The mashup works surprisingly well with general RPG character progression (stats and skills) complimenting the randomized loot and progress resets.[PROS] Visually the game is fantastic and at times a little unsettling in a good kind of way. The audio is pretty well done, nothing incredible but it does its job and didn't irritate me after extended periods of play. The actual dungeon crawling is a blast and the monster transformation gimmick is pretty great once you figure it out. Local co-op is a huge bonus and the game is generally even more fun when sitting on the couch alongside someone else with controllers in hand.[CONS] The game doesn't do the best job introducing itself to players and it took me multiple hours to really get the hang of combat and progression. Fights can at times feel a little unfair depending on how quickly you pick up on the invincibility frames of your skills and the AI tendencies of your opponents. A few of the environmental hazards don't telegraph very well which can make certain sections a little frustrating, in particular the ""Thwomp"" like enemies you'll encounter further down the tower. I experienced a couple of bugs, some less impactful (wrong VO playing) and others more so (unable to move left/right). None of the bugs aside from the movement one really broke the game and even then I made it my mission to try and traverse the level using nothing but dodges (which I succeeded at).If you're like me and you love Rogue-likes and Metroidvanias I think you'll really enjoy Abyss Odyssey and its unique blend of the two. That being said, this game isn't for everyone and some of the problems I had with the game warrant a knock on the score.7.5/10Note: I did not try out the Versus game mode nor did I play co-op with friendly fire turned on. This review is based on some solo play but mostly couch co-op."
76561198074887420,Recommended,255070,11802748,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SS MAX,good stuff! feels like playing Arcade! and it is not expensive! best buy!
,Recommended,255070,11739483,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Phar4oh,"I recommend this game but barely.,I must admit that I wasn't sold on the gameplay videos. I just didn't grab me or look exciting. I remember watching them and being unimpressed by them, but the thought of a street fighter/smash bros style dungeon crawler was pretty irresistable. I ended up buying it cos It was cheap.People complained in the reviews that the coop is stupid because you can't turn friendly fire off, well, they patched that so if you want to play the game with an 8 year old then that now becomes viable... and fun.The gfx are good, the sound is ok (I don't know who would want to buy the music - bleugh), some of the monsters are pretty cool but I think a lot of them have weird moves and aren't very smooth. I think the gameplay is responsive enough but here is my biggest gripe : The combos don't work from training mode. I loved Marvel vs Capcom 3 because of the awesome, fun combos you can do consistantly. Abyss Odyssey includes a training mode that you can practice combos, but the problem is that the advanced combos that work on the training dummy don't work on the monsters in the game (at least not for me). That training dummy juggles easily but my dash-cancel jump combos just wiff on the in-game monsters. There also doesn't seem like there are enough moves per character. The supporting characters feel really restricted with their move set.I think the thing I love the most about this game is the concept. I've had to improvise my combos in game to see what works and what doesn't and the difficutly is pretty high - especialy on Nightmare mode. I guess I'm one of those players that love a challenge and when I get beaten I keep coming back for more.The online multiplayer is pretty buggy at the moment so don't rely on that. I understand they are working on it, but as of now - it's plagued with problems. If you have a friend/child you can play with then there is still lots of fun to be had, especially with the 4 player vs mode. And if you can trust them to not throw fireballs into your back, turn friendly fire on and play like a pro."
,Recommended,255070,11908793,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,hinaf4g,"A strong recommendation.It's a game with platforming and rouge-like elements, but it is a 2d brawler at the core:Every combat is engaging and even regular monsters can cause a lot of pain if you're not paying attention.The AI is also surprisingly good - enemies will jump over your fireballs, block your attack, dodge-roll through them and throw you from time to time if you are blocking too long.If you have interest in beat em ups - get this one, it's different and fun."
,Recommended,255070,11912301,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,KyleGotchoo,Its like a super smash brothers/dungeon crawler with some sweet♥♥♥♥♥music and semi-addicitive just one more room gameplay. Overall very solid game that has been updated frequently so far. Would recommend for fans of roguelikes or beat-em ups.
,Recommended,255070,11773618,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Base,"This game is actually quite good. I'm impressed with how many techniques they were able to take from fighting games, and the execution of them inside a platformer Roguelike is doubly impressive. The game is set up similar to a roguelike dungeon crawl-- go in, fight your way to the bottom, fighting a few bosses along the way, and defeating a final boss. But what makes it so good is the depth of the mechanics, and how they work together-- You may choose from three basic characters, yet there are many more available. To get them, you have to defeat them with a super and then you can pick up their soul-- and thus, you are now playing as a fully featured character whenever you want to transform. While you can only carry one soul at a time, it gives a much deeper mechanic to the game: Should you opt for a monster early on to help you along, or save the super to get one you really want later? It takes quite some time to fill up the mana meter, so the choice is important, as it gives you a whole life bar to survive longer. Each enemy plays completely differently, but gives a great deal depth as a result.One thing that should be mentioned is that the game might feel somewhat slow and a bit clunky at first. I feel this is actually a good thing, though, as it leaves the player able to improve and attack much faster than is initially able, giving a real sense of progression in an intuitive way. This ties into progressing: If you're not good enough to defeat the enemies, you won't reach the end.Speaking of the enemies, they are NPC opponents, which inevitably means they're 'not perfect'. That is to say, they're sometimes too perfect and too good at reading what you're going to do. I'd love to see more work made to improve on enemy AI as the game's life progresses, but this is my only real gripe, and it's not even a big one. The enemies are certainly able to be defeated, it's more of a survival gauntlet than anything, but sometimes they adjust their behaviours a little too fast when you input something.All in all, an extremely enjoyable game, which I hope will have a fruitful life and a large community. The quality is astounding for the price of the game; puts many AAA games to shame."
,Recommended,255070,12178021,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,M_W,"Abyss Odyssey, a beat 'em up with randomly generated levels in the style of Metroidvanias, is not perfect in its current state, but provides a very good fighting engine, variety of enemies, wonderfully realized presentation, and straight up addicting gameplay. In addition, the game is still under active development, and is seeing improvements to the fighting and movement engine as we speak.My biggest problem as of right now is how easy the game can be. If you're a fan of fighting games, I'll tell you right now, go straight to Nightmare difficutly."
,Recommended,255070,28152937,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SmartBobomb,"A super-charming roguelike ""beat-em-up"" that is fun to play, with a wonderfully unique aesthetic...and with co-op, no less!"
,Recommended,255070,19890349,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,End Game Ghost,"A mariachi skeleton and a golden bull with laser eyes battle a giant peacock all up and down a beautiful art-nouveau nightmare, super smash brothers style. Get loot, level up, capture enemy souls and play as probably over 100 spooky weirdos with their own movesets. Do you even like videogames?"
76561198040985221,Recommended,255070,28759733,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jacquot,"This is a dungeon crawler grinder and I haven't been so frustrated with a game in a long time. The way the game is, you really need to weigh the importance of your options and decisions. When you die, the game punishes you: you drop all of your items (including your weapon), and have to start over in the dungeon (the abyss), unless you use a camp token, which will allow you to respawn at a marked camp. However, camp tokens are expensive (I think the cheapest is 4,000 or so gold), and all of your items and your weapon will be gone. Which means any gold you spent on those items is wasted. Luckily, you get to keep the gold you earn, so I recommend grinding to level up your character to at least level 35 and to have a good 40,000-50,000 gold.At times, the platforming is atrocious, which I think is more so the fault of the controls. The way the keyboard controls are is annoying. The controls aren't really explained, if not cryptic, I accidentally skipped the prologue and have no way to go back to it unless I restart the entire game (I think). Sometimes the controls get...confused? I'm not sure how to describe it, but I'll try to jump down, but instead jump up. Sometimes double jumping is a chore.I didn't figure out how to Soul Capture (which is holding down your normal attack button and your special attack button at the same time i.e. left and right mouse buttons) until I was level 40 and about 10 hours into the game.Battles can get repetitive and annoying. I think it would be nice to see the level of your enemies, as opposed to having to guess and then get killed and have to start all over. ESPECIALLY when it comes to Soul Capture-you cannot capture the soul of an enemy unless you are of an equal or greater level.The inventory and menus can be annoying to navigate as well.I think what really kept me going was the art. The character models, particularly the enemies, are very nice and modelled very well. The backgrounds and environments were also very well-put together artistically and the art direction in this game is solid. The consistency in the style and tone is quite nice, and the blend of Chilean culture and art nuveau was an interesting but overall good combination.I did have a good laugh though-the mummy enemy design is directly based off a Harry Clarke illustration for the Edgar Allan Poe story, ""Fall of the House of Usher"". The demon Paganini is also based off a real person, Niccolo Paganini, and they were pretty accurate with his physical depiction (MUTTON CHOPS) although I feel the evil bad demon man cliche they have for him makes him an obnoxious character.I think the developers were more focused on the art and story, and the gameplay suffers from it. It's not unplayable, persay, but there are a lot of small annoying issues that test your patience as a player. Overall, I think it's a relatively solid game that just needs more work on the gameplay mechanics, less vagueness on controls and maybe a bit more gameplay variety as well. I think the difficulty also really alientates and limits the games' audience.If you can get past the flaws and issues, it's a nice game. Not amazing, but also not bad."
76561197971446226,Recommended,255070,29031320,Posted: 5 January,all,NastyNine99,"I'll admit, it takes a long time to get a good grasp on the controls, timing, and even gameplay mechanics, but this game is really fun and worth it. Currently one of my favorite games.If you ever got good at Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat, you'll get the hang of this. There are more moves and characters to unlock and you can slightly customize the special moves with higher levels. There are moves you might not realize you can do until you do them on accident.I have a couple of tips: 1) If the enemy blocks a lot, walk up and throw them. It's the B button on a 360 controller. Just get really vicious and relentless. You can even air throw with the monk so that's my favorite. Besides that it looks bad♥♥♥♥♥Even when you die, you continue and keep what you've unlocked. You have to start back a ways but you can chose different paths to different areas. And fighting your way back is even more fun the next time - especially because you'll have gotten better at the game and have more allies you can control and fight with. Other parts of the world become more easily accessible. It starts getting really fun so why give up? It's very challenging but not frustrating. The computer AI is no chump, and that's a good thing. Sometimes they thrash you and sometimes you thrash them. But you learn and they don't. :p"
76561198078139503,Recommended,255070,29587336,Posted: 30 January,all,Tomes,"I'm Difficult To PleaseJumping can be a joke,especiallywhen a side character.Push through the rough start.Play with friends.Controllers, must have."
,Recommended,255070,29448639,Posted: 23 January,all,waelhadaya,"This game is a very weird game, and I like it.A very nice game with some RPG elements, I really had fun in my 9 hours of playing this game all though the content of this game wouldn't take you more than 3 hours to see everything (1 or 2 hours for hardcore gamers).This game is creative, something fresh, it has a lot of cool concepts and ideas, for instance, you can almost play as any enemy in this game each with their own unique special moves and character, also it goes for less but harder enemies’ style, and the art style is awesome, the music is nice too.The game has a lot of flaws as well to be honest, for example there is really a considerable lack of content here, and the length of this game is very unsatisfying, the end is unsatisfying and it's too zoomed out, it would look better if the camera was closer.Anyway, the game is worth full price in my opinion, all though it's preferable if you can get some kind of discount on it, I recommend this game, and I give it a solid 7 out of 10 in my book."
76561197967645948,Not Recommended,255070,12532242,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,McRed,"Its definitely worth a try. The combat system leaves a bit to be desired... you can have enemies on either side of you and if you want to switch direction to fight the other enemy you have to stop fighting and turn around which does not happen instantly. For me this is annoying because it removed the feel of fluidity from the fight. Played it with a friend which was fun   for sure... but we both noticed a huge lack of opportunities to regain any health after combat from slain enemies or smashing containers. Also we did not like how you have to PAY for your checkpoints with coins, and not just a few coins either. I've never in my life seen a game that required payment for a much needed checkpoint. Another big annoyance was loosing all your weapons and powerups that you payed a bunch of coins for when you die. After a couple instances of that we just stopped buying anything except for health vials.All b-itching aside this game is very interesting and colorful. The music is very groovy. And there really is a lot of potential here. But that combat system (in my opinion) could use some tweaking. If nothing else being able to change directions while fighting would be a serious improvement."
,Recommended,255070,19769429,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Tim0850,"Why hello there friend. Say, do you enjoy ATLUS games? Do you enjoy roguelikes? Well how about fighting games, surely you enjoy those. If the answer to any or all of these questions was a resounding yes then I have some great news for you! Abyss Odyssey is a game which manages to combine all of those things into one complete package - and then some!This game has beautiful visuals, strong atmosphere and easy to get into yet hard to master gameplay. The combat has more in common with a fighting game than a simple side scrolling action RPG, there are several quick button combos and cancels that can be performed across each character giving all of the heroes (of which there are 3) a unique feel. The core game mechanic is that of the roguelike, you will enter into the randomly generated abyss and proceed up ways and down ways and sideways and the like, each section offering new peril and new reward. If you enjoy games that have a dark yet almost serene atmosphere about them I would say this is definitely one to pick up, the game does a great job with its varying environment types within the abyss and the subtle musical accompaniments contribute to that package.Like most roguelikes you can expect there to be a bit of a difficulty curve, items and levels will always be lost on death but your wealth will remain with you to make your next descent a bit easier. If you are on the fence about this one but you enjoy any of the things I mentioned above I would say go ahead and pick it up, it's worth it!"
76561198049646754,Recommended,255070,33208604,Posted: 3 July,all,chronomew40,Hard game full of nightmare fuel
,Recommended,255070,16606675,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,transce,"I love this game, beat it multiple times on Playstation.  Bought it to play it again on PC but I can't because the controller support is completely bugged.  It won't let me use the controller to play, up goes down, down goes up, and none of the buttons register.  And what's worse is I can't even use Joy2Key because the game will start two characters instead of one and you get immediately stuck because the second character won't do anything except run left and right.  It's infuriating.  Controller support is a BASIC FEATURE!  Come on devs, you put your heart into making a great game and then completely jump the shark when it comes to basic controller support.  It's sad.Update:  Okay I'm updating my negative review to a positive one because I've finally found a way to play this game.  It's possible to disable the controller completely by manually editing one of the game config files.  I posted an article to the communite page to help other people who run into the same problem.http://steamcommunity.com/app/255070/discussions/0/537402115089485227/If this were a five star rating system, I would subtract two stars for not only not supporting a normal controller but also for setting up the controls in such a way that the controller can't be remapped.  However, that said, I'm happy now that I have a work around.  My first 2.6 hours spent ""playing"" this game were spent trying to fix the controller issue, finally i can start playing.Update 2:  Thankfully, now that Steam supports native controller customization, this is no longer an issue whatsoever.  Just go to your controller config in Steam, hit Apply Configuration, Browse Configs, go to Templates and then select Gamepad with Camera Controls and then apply changes.  Instant gamepad fix."
76561198028060863,Recommended,255070,20511261,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ZDWario,One of my favorite games.  Just don't expect a hack'n'slash.  Game plays like it has street fighter mechanics with smash bros style move-sets.  It does have a learning curve as well.  And online is buggy as all hell.
76561198189149462,Not Recommended,255070,33604824,Posted: 17 July,all,jaime_laverc,"Pros: great background graphics and soundtrack. The game mix genres such as metroidvania, rpg and action, and has a simple evolution system.Cons: the controls lack smoothness. Characters move and act in a rough way, sometimes they feel ""heavy"" (imagine a side scroller game with a Mortal Kombat like gameplay).The visual art has a very subtle art nouveu undertone, and the game could look really gorgeous and distinct if such detail was more  prominent."
76561198061304549,Not Recommended,255070,32817507,Posted: 26 June,all,NC Stuntman,"Bad game that made me hopeful for another good Metroidvania.  However with the erratic combo system, as well as the sometimes unfair advantage of the monsters, I could not rate this game as high as I had hoped.  Hours spent in this game was hellbent on janky controls.  It is a fight to get your charector to face one direction or another which makes it near impossible to land serious combos and while on the subject of combos if the game makers made some sort of manual for that it would be much appreciated.  Rinse and repeat until you die and start all over again hoping you can do it better than last time.  I give it 2/5, pick it up on sale, not at full price, otherwise I would NOT RECOMMEND."
