user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,255220,10774454,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lowrez,"Here are my neatly categorized observations about GRID Autosport (GA).►Controls:There are no dead zone options for my Logitec F310 gamepad. There are no options to reduce steering lag (speed of my joystick motion vs steering input). Several users report that a bug from GRID 2 has cropped up in GA concerning steering wheel support. You might have trouble getting your favorite wheel working with GA.►Physics:Sudden steering input does not result in under-steer as it should. The cars have a bias towards oversteer in almost every situation. Hitting debris such as broken car parts and cones has little to no effect. Everything feels like GRID 2 with more grip. The physics are not better than GRID 1.►Graphics:The graphics look pretty good; especially after installing the high rez pack. Frame rates are fast on my Nvidia 750ti. However, the graphics feel like a step back from GRID 2. The building models of Chicago look WAY better in GRID 2. Blur cannot be disabled in the cockpit. IncGamers review of GA speculates that Codemasters have retrofitted all of the car interiors from a free community mod from GRID 2. Also the RPM and speedometer needles don't move. XD►Voices:Teammates say the same thing over and over. If you improve your times on each lap he'll literally say the same thing ""thats the fastest lap this race"" over and over. This is a clear step back from GRID 1 and a FAR CRY from DiRT 2.►AI:On ""very hard"" difficulty the AI becomes EXTREMELY aggressive. You'll get hit and spun worse than any EA title. At lower difficulty levels the AI does show some signs of personality and can be mildly entertaining.►Online Gameplay:In online mode you (supposedly) can race with friends and compete on leader boards. You can also buy, sell and tune cars. Multi-player is dead; the lobby is always empty. I've spent 3 hours waiting. 1 Hour for Friday night, 1 for Saturday afternoon and 1 for Sunday morning. The result? Not a soul showed up. It probably has to do with the fact that there are so many reports of cheating.As for vehicle tuning I think its sad that a game like Gran Turismo 1 (from 1997) has a much more engrossing and detailed tuning system. The mods don't even feel all that effective. I tuned my engine, lowered the weight and adjusting my gearbox for a bit more acceleration (for a tight course). I'm a pretty good driver, holding several records on a few online racing sims. The result of my mods? Nadda. On average my lap times stayed the same. I call shenanigans!►Single Player Gameplay:Single player gameplay does NOT include buying, selling or tuning cars. This is a grave mistake considering the multi-player situation. In single-player you will drive what your team tells you to drive; like it or not. If you don't like open-wheel racers TOO BAD! You will drive open-wheel racers to progress the game; like it or not. All so you can earn XP to go on to more events. LAME. Sadly none of the team building from GRID 1 made it to GA. Too bad.►Summary:The game feels rushed and has poor production value. Models and program-code are reused from GRID 2 and possibly even ripped from free community mods. There is no motivation to race in single-player and there are no people to race in multi-player. All I wanted was to earn some dough, buy a car and tune it. And wouldn't it be fun to build a team and climb the charts? All in single player of course!I don't recommend this title on any level whatsoever. If you already own it I don't recommend buying the season pass. If you're looking for a great simcade grab GRID 1 or Need for Speed Shift (1 and 2 are both great). Heck, I'd even recommend Test Drive Unlimited 2 over this.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. Please push yes or no so I know if its helpful. :)"
,Recommended,255220,11130115,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"UPDATED: 5th Sept 14 PatchThere is much emotion within the community in this latest instalment to the GRID series. It's been promoted as the ‘community's game’ with many of the new additions/changes from GRID 2 being done based on our feedback. Many love it & many despise it, with myself falling in the middle as I feel both viewpoints when I play.Although this may read as a negative (& long lol) review, let me state straight off the bat that GRID Autosport (GAS) is a solid racing game, its fast, challenging & fun to drive with a good selection of tracks (some new, some old), a decent range of balanced cars & various modes to choose from. At the end of the day that is what a good racing game should deliver & is why I give it a 'Thumbs Up' overall. It is easy to sink a lot of hours into GAS. That being said, although I do think this is a decent improvement over GRID 2 (and more closely aligned to GRID 1), it is still most lacking from being the definitive PC racing experience for me, so let me explain in more detail.One of the main disappointments for me was the Career mode. Actually, not really a Career it’s more an offline practice mode for your multiplayer career, as it primarily only a series of single events. Each series is a season (huh?), and you simply progress by completing each series in sequence for each racing discipline. Once you reach certain level, you unlock the GRID Tournament events which are larger playlist of all racing disciplines (with around 10 events). There are about 500 races in total which is approximately three times as many races as career in GRID 2, but this is basically it! It's boring!You cannot run your own team as in GRID 1, as in GAS you are adriver for hire, so no choice of car, livery or sponsors etc. Nothing to work towards collecting or unique events (like 24 Hours of Le Mans) to aim for, or other things you need to unlock... it’s just mindlessly follow the event list. Team co-op would have been nice to see in GAS, but obviously not setup with that in mind (focus clearly seems to be on Multiplayer, but more on that later). There is also no choice to specialise your career to say just Touring Cars or stick with one team, as you are forced to complete all disciplines & teams seem random based on the event.AI is an improvement to a degree, with much tougher competition to contend with from GRID1-2, which is a huge plus to the experience. They still suffer from being overly aggressive, will not honour racing line and will often cause you to have multiple restarts after the notorious first corner. Still with the improved physics, handling & damage models in GAS, it makes it less hurtful than getting hit by AI in GRID2, let’s say, but it remains a source of frustration. In the end it forces you to race aggressively too, rather than racing a 'proper' race.Likewise with the AI, it seems to have minimal randomness, from seemingly predictable lap times to the driving results. In offline'ahem career'mode, your racing team mate will almost always finish last making it unlikely, even when you win every race, that your team will win the event. I also noticed some strange behaviour when team mate is winning all through the race & you overtake, he almost immediately drops position after position every time! Also a little odd, the AI seem to race faster than qualifying laps. You could be 6-8 seconds ahead in qualify, yet struggle to keep up in the race or find on some tracks the AI are always super-fast & others they are always super-slow; they seem predefined and not adaptable to your experience.AI get a boost at race start so you always play catch-up for the first few corners, which means you miss out on all the starting grid hustle or you start on pole and get taken out from behind! These sort of issues end up drawing your attention the more you play & end up breaking your immersion.Moving on from Career & AI, the Multiplayer online component of GAS has got more positive feature changes. There is a much longer progression curve, where you also level up your purchased cars to provide more modification. You can join a club (or create your own) & compete against your friends & the world. Clubs seem to be underutilised (no event creation, no group racing, no club vs club, limited in-game info/management). There is an improved Global Challenges with tough times & decent rewards. Overall, I have found the online racing experience to be much better than in GRID 2. Damage is more severe (& costly) although this unfortunately doesn't prevent bad drivers taking you out first corner, or any corner for that matter (Kick from game is improved tho :)).Matchmaking & finding games still needs much improvement. Online play is still region locked, which was a big issue in GRID 2 still not addressed for those outside of UK/US. It means for players like me in Australia, where online games are limited that I cannot race with others around the world without changing my Steam client region. This segments the community & is compounded by a lack of visibility of the games in progress to see what you might like to join. Matchmaking is good to have but not at the expense of manually finding games too; this is console-centric online play not PC in my view. You eventually give up trying to find a specific active game mode as it normally isn't populated with any active games anyways (& you don't know what is), so you just choose the Random playlist.It would have been great to also be able to create your own customised playlists in advance & save them for selection later online. So you can prepare as a host & setup some unique configurations for others to race.Most of these issues or limitations I have highlighted you can live with, although not as good as I expected, there is enough done decently to make it fun to race! Those that wanted the cockpit view however, may be disappointed as this is not much more than an in-car angle, blurry without a real cockpit functionality. Not an issue for me, but just to mention for others that might be an important factor.Omitted from the original release version due to issues was Time Trial mode. This has returned in the July 14 patch (in limited form). You canonlychoose the primary circuits (not the 100+ variations), no reverse tracks & selection is limited to the discipline. Still no friends times in career mode (ala GRID 2) nor any online times recorded. Great to have this feature finally to compete with your friends, but is lessened by limited implemenation.There are other artificial limitions throughout GAS, such as limited garage slots, limited custom cup events to 5, limited number of laps, or the extra long multiplayer grind. Rather than fixing some of these, CM instead brings out a XP Booster & Garage Pack DLCs for us to buy! These are a joke & are simply a money grabbing endeavor providing a solution to a problem they created. Shameful!Players from GRID 2 will also find a lot of reused components in GAS, such as cars/wheels/logos/livery patterns/tracks. This is not necessarily a bad thing to maximise the amount of content & customisation, but it does feel light on new content. I would have liked to see more of everything or at least some integrated modding support for community to create its own?GAS is still a blast but it's far from a perfect game. I think CM can do better which is why I feel disappointment seeing some of the corners cut in GAS (pun intended .. time penalty enforced!). The 4k UHD Texture pack brings GAS back up to code graphically, but still feels more like an expansion to GRID 2. Can't help but to feel its rushed & not well enough rounded (or refined) to be a real classic!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
76561198008557277,Recommended,255220,12804341,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,heppsan,"So, is it any good?Well, it depends on what you expect.But if you take it for what it is, you will discover a really good and enjoyable arcade racer!Nothing more, nothing less.It has good graphics, except for the blurry cockpit view, but with the dashboard cam I find it alright!Sound is alright too, and the tracks are nice and detailed.Even if some known tracks can be hard to recognize when you drive on them.The damage model is excellent, with cracked windows, scratches and dents, twisted metal, lost car parts and sparks!Your car will also be harder to drive and steer the more you crash / bump into things.There are many cars and championship events with thrilling, exciting races.10 hours in, and I have only scratched the surface of Modern touring championship and Open wheel, and tested some other modes.I do multiply the number of laps in options though.The AI is decent and somewhat competitive.They are agressive and will do some cheap blockings, but they just trying to keep their positions and I don't find them to agressive.What goes for the physics, I find it driveable and it handles better than Grid 1 did.So I think it will please many casual players!One thing I really don't like is the preprogrammed DLC!I also bought the Touring Legends pack, a good pack, but no download was needed after the purchase!..So they are already in the game, hidden away from us from the start!That is really, really low Codemasters!!So I say go for it!But don't buy the DLC, atleast not to full price,This kind of behavior from Devs should not be supported!!"
76561198033094827,Not Recommended,255220,18835034,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Xiango,"What a let down this game is.The career mode has left the idea of creating your own team, aquiring your own cars and teamates out in favour of the 'offer system' which was a fund saving option every season in the original GRID. By doing this you no longer have any personal attachement to the team, the car or your teamate who btw always seem to suck. The Ravenwest team is your constant rivals while leveling up, always one tier above the rest of the AI.And whats your reward once you've jumped through all the hoops of said leveling? Driving for them of course! The team you've been drilled to loathe is suddenly your employer and youre supposed to feel proud? honored? pfffff.....The aquiring of cars and making your own livery is still present, but only in online modes.... which is divided between the challenges we know from previous iterations, sadly updated only weekly and only offering a single entry per class making buying a car kinda useless while starting out, since you'll most likely only be able to afford one car, the chances of getting to drive it are slim, since the challenge also needs to be for the right tier of vehicles.Or you could go for the other online mode - forced matchmaking...or wait no you can't because no one plays that.Mechanically the games is fine bar the rubberbanding which seems everpresent in all modes and the drifting which is horrible, gone are the linking up of high speed drifts from the original grid in favor of doing snail-paced burnouts while streering, easily doubling the score of the AI. In the race modes the AI are boring robots rarely doing anything out of the ordinary, no spin-outs, crashes or remarkable performances, every race will end with you first, then both Ravenwest drivers, then the rest of the field and lastly your teammate. It got so boring I spent and entire season just trying to run the Ravenwest drivers off the track... all i discovered was that the AI seem to have Scalectrix levels of front end grip.There are two bright points in the game however - Open wheel classes which have a distinct feel of downforce and good pace, and the managing of tire conditions in the Endurance mode. The latter should have been expanded to all modes and the pit-stops from the old TOCA games should have been brought back and this game would have been more than it is which is an incredible beacon of mediocrity 5/10."
,Not Recommended,255220,10843803,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mozu,"Where to start...and keep in mind this is based on my singleplayer experience.The driving is awful. The cars wallow all over the place, the grip modeling is bizzarre, you have to brake at sim-like distances, though the AI does not--and meanwhile the AI's only goal is, seemingly, to wreck you at every opportunity, or at least shove you off the track or into the nearest barrier. They will honest-to-god plow into you at the startline if they can. It's like multiplayer with twelve-year-olds.The cockpit cam is pathetic. It's worse than the Grid 2 mod.No team of your own, no personal livery, no stable full of cars--just mercenarily jumping from sponsor to sponsor and racing whatever they have for you.The only reason I'd give this anything but a zero on a 0-10 scale is that it looks very nice, all things considered, and has a pretty interesting car list--that I will never fully get to experience because of the godawful nature of the basic game. It's a two at best.If you want an arcade racer, pick up the first game, or grab any of the NFS games. If you want a sim, Assetto Corsa is the answer. Reading through some of these other reviews, I'm boggled by the low standards and mean value to which people hold their entertainment dollar these days."
,Not Recommended,255220,12881777,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,lesscubes,"I'm only 5 and a half hours into the game, so take what I say with that in mind. I'm also an intermediate level racer.I like the ""sim-cade"" genre, I like Gran Turismo and Forza a whole lot. Unfortunately, Neither Sony or Microsoft would ever see those particular cash cows on the PC. GRID is one of the few options on PC.Okay, usual complaints that PC gamers have on console ports- Controller oriented UI. Still, not nearly as bad as say, SHIFT 2 was. Uneven graphics. Wierd sound stuff. (I noticed it most when driving an open wheel car, the wind sound would go away if I looked side to side or behind me.)On to the meat-Limited Tuning, you can't really fine tune the car, just move some sliders around.The team offers thing is wonky- yeah I get it, you only have so much choice in pro-level racing who you drive for and who's graphics are on your car. But it's a game. Come on man.Cars are extra, super, crazy tail happy- I expect this from a heavy, vintage V8 Sedan, NOT a super high downforce openwheel car. The opening level GT's are nearly undrivable in my feeling. The Dalara F312 has HORRID snap oversteer even when you click all those dumb sliders to what should be the most stable settings. It's an open wheel car, it has tremendous mechanical grip AND downforce, I expect it to get loose if I kill all that downforce but NOT when I'm at speed.The AI is set to murder- they don't do clean racing. They love to shunt you, cut you and generally drive like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Every race is a street fight in this game.It makes you Drift. Drifting isn't racing. Drifting is a hell of a show, but it isn't racing and I've never enjoyed it. (I prefer to get my drift on running tail-happy Sixties race cars or Rally cars in various other games.)Unlicensed/Fake cars. :(The pricing/amount of DLC is silly. I bought the Drag pack because of how poorly represented that aspect of motorsports have been in the game world... It does it half right at best. Staging is there but it leaves out the burnout box. It just doesn't feel right anyhow.Also, I bought the game on impulse, I broke my own rule- ""Don't pay Codemasters again until they FIX Dirt3."" I still want them to fix Dirt3.4/2/15 HEY THEY FIXED DIRT3 THATS COOL. STILL DON'T LIKE GRID. :D"
,Recommended,255220,17875954,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,brkkrkya,Well this is the third Grid game which is surprisingly long and giving much more motorsport than the second one. After playing Grid 2 i felt like playing the different version of NFS: Hot Pursuit because of the enviroment and the race types. With this game Codemasters give us a hope for a future realistic Grid games that may be possible to come out. Let's make a quick review with pros and cons.+Long and challenging gameplay+Simple menu and racing menu interface+Good graphics and car details+Team radio is better than the other two games+Five different classes-I believe there is a hidden Dlc in this game called The Dumbest Teammate in this World. No matter which team you are racing for your teammate is an idiot.-After playing 30 hours or much game is just repeating itself.-You can't choose your teammate like in the first game.-This whiteline penalty...It is so sensitive and it doesn't show how many seconds you take the penalty.-I don't understand why there is a utopic team named Ravenwest Motorsport.Nevermind my cons review this game is good than worth buying. I recommend all for the Grid lovers.
,Recommended,255220,32831106,Posted: 26 June,all,wirroj,"I'm only a casual gamer and my platform of choice is Linux so for me this game has been pretty much the only decent option for playable car racing simulation games. I initially found the AI very frustrating but once you get used to them they're easy enough to work around. For this game to be enjoyable however, you do need the ability to be able to control your car!If you're  not a seasoned car race simulation gamer then just take it easy and start off with all the helpers, traction control, ABS, easy AI, etc, and once you're more confident begin turning the helpers off. I'm currently only using ABS now, with the AI on medium and am really enjoying the game and slowly progressing through the career mode.The graphics and engine noise are capable, but the commentary when you first start is very irritating, but if you're doing well it can be modestly encouraging. The tuning capability of the cars is very basic which  I'm hoping will improve as my career progresses but I'm not holding my breath on that count, it's not the most important thing to me."
,Not Recommended,255220,13876708,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,VERY fast doggo,"After playing Grid 2 and having mixed, mostly-positive feelings, I was hoping Autosport would win me over. It did not. I'd definitely recommend Grid 2 over this game, and if you've already played 2, don't bother with Autosport.My biggest problem is with the driving physics (which are similar to Grid 2). I get that it's an arcade racer; that's fine. But the cars don't feel like they have 4 wheels contacting the ground. They're more than just ""floaty"". They are kind of like cardboard with a pencil stuck through the middle. When you turn, the car seems to pivot around its center (you can feel the rear wheels swing out). So I'll brake before a turn, start turning in, and keep traction through the turn. But while doing this, the car has pivoted and feels like it's drifting... but I have traction?... it's a bizarre sensation and just feels ""wrong"".As a comparison: Project Gotham Racing was an arcade racer that nailed driving physics. Even though PGR was arcadey, the cars felt weighty and had momentum. You could feel the road under the wheels and could tell when you made little mistakes. Very satisfying to master. Grid's physics don't have that magic at all.Beyond that, Autosport's career mode is dull. My experience with Grid 2 was that, in spite of the poor physics, the career's trickle of exciting tracks and cars kept me playing. However, I do not feel this in Grid Autosport. Your career progress is only portrayed through menus, and everything (everything!) boils down to filling XP bars. Gone is the illusion of building up a racing career, gone is collecting cars, gone is my garage. For the first few races I was actually confused: ""what is my GOAL here?"" It turns out: I don't need to win, I don't need to beat my rivals, I don't need to finish objectives. I just need to play enough to fill XP bars up.Couple that with the fact that most of the tracks are straight from Grid 2, and I'm left super disappointed. It's a shame because I've always liked Codemaster's Colin McRae and Dirt series. I want to like this game, but I can't."
,Not Recommended,255220,14199036,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TSC Aleksandrov,"Unless you're a hardcore racing fan I don't recommend.The AI is too aggressive and the online multiplayer is dead.AI 'catchup' feature completely ruins the game, if the AI get's too far behind they get a stat boost to their car making them overpowered and just not fun or realistic at all.Otherwise the physics compared to GRID2 make it a completely different more realistic and fun experience, but its hard to have fun as the AI is so awful."
76561198133769938,Recommended,255220,19897240,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Snake Plissken,"Ok about time for a review, I have had enough hrs in this game to give a fairly clinical observationSure it will be biased but in the end I will as objective as possibleSo game play overall? let's just say with some tweaking once you upgrade your cars, you can have some serious grin timeNow let's explore this, you need to grind to upgrade your cars, and by grind I mean go online and compete either with real players or AIIt can get repetitive but don't let this fool you into thinking this game is shallowThe grind is arduous, I prefer not to race online as then you are forced to have your ""download"" set to UK servers which will cause latency issuesPeople who think otherwise, really don't understand how ""networking"" worksSo having left my ""downlaod"" set to UK, iI found my actual game downloads were notoriously slow, so make sure you return to your regional setting if not playing this online with real opponentsLiving in Australia gives me around 250+ ping to UK, so this kind of ruins any sort of gaming with others, which is this game's achillies heelThey ruined it by having so little servers populated that you are forced into a UK regionSo what next? there is always online events to participate in, and these rotate every 100 hrs or so, compete in these (grinding) with a bought car and this is how you can become more competetive if you so wish to play against real peopleOtherwise it's a fools paradise trying to compete with peopel who have already maxed out their resepctive carsThis should never been implemented in this game, everyone should have the same car, or similar in classSo how does this compare with two other car games of similar context?Grid 2:GAS is muuch more realistic and has tunable cars once unlocked, and what I mean is once you meet level requirements, you can now adjust suspensin, diff, brakes etc etcMakes gaming much better and AI seem more behaved tooSo about the AI, something good in GAS make you realize that AI do not hap hazardly just RAM you, they can be aggressive, but it all depends where you are in the racing lineI spun out today, car behind me actually braked and would not try and go around, so not only was I not rammed, but I was given time to get back on track, good touch imoSo on the other end of the spectrum we haveProject Cars:GAS does so much more, better and just with more reward, I'll explain.pC has ground breaking bugs where cars AI pass you on the greass, or you pit only to come out with flat tires, or crap where everyone is online and race starts but suddenly you lose ability to use your wheel?See pC is pretentious and gets so many things wrong than right, GAS on teh otehr hand is the underdog just prodding along and almost championing what it can do, but alas falls just shortIt's lack of specific tracks that ruin it for me, specifically NordsSo out of the 3 games, I prefer GAS based on:Quick play and rewardGreat graphics, but not as good as pCGood AI with challenging game playNice tweaking options of cars without being too complexDifferent styles of driving, ie drag racing, destruction derby, drifting to name a fewIs this the creme de le creme car game? no, does it offer a lot to kleep you occupied, yes but in small dosesThis game gets  a nice solid 8.5 based on what it does and does well, without all the BS involved with pC and more depth that Grid 2 offers:DTL:DR 8.5"
,Recommended,255220,21003731,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,HeavyHDx,"I'm playing this onLinuxwith a GTX 660 and the NVIDIA drivers. I'm usually not much of a racing guy, but I'm quite enjoying this game.ProsNo crashes or hiccupsRuns at 60 FPS Minimum on high settings at 1080pNice visuals and sounds, pretty UI, extensive options menuPicked up my DualShock 4 controller right away without me doing anythingCurrently the best racing game on Linux (there's really not that many)Variety of tracks, modes and carsDetailed difficulty settings, making it easy for players of all backgrounds to quickly feel at homeDetailed visual customization of cars in multiplayerNeutralIf you're using a less popular controller, the game won't save your controls. You can create a keymap withcontrollermapand paste it into this file:GRID Autosport/share/controllermapping.txtConsAbsolutely zero customization of your cars in singleplayerRazer and Monster Energy advertisement plastered over cars and along tracks.Looking forward to more Linux ports of this publisher's games! DiRT Rally please?"
76561198010382880,Not Recommended,255220,10898225,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Newspaper,"Overall:- A rushed production- If you're a GRID fan, DON'T buy it , it's not GRID 3, it's just GRID 2.5- If you're new to GRID, DON'T buy it, buy original GRID and GRID 2, they are way more better, and you won't miss any thing when you played thouse twoGood:- Overall graphic is nice- Sound is great, menu music is very good- The ""every-one-can-race"" driving style is preserved, that's good- PR team did hell of job, made me belive this will be like the original GRID, but better, so I pre-order itBad:- You need a gamepad, keyboard driving is no good(They are good when it back in orignal GIRD). I know I know, you have a steering wheel, but GRID is a fun-to-play racing game, if you try to play it as simulation game, you will dispoint.- Game design is rubbish, both singleplay and multiplay is messy- NO team management in the singleplay, you are a hried driver, you can't choose car, livery, upgraed, teammate, so I first thought maybe GRID:Autosport is focus on multiplay...boy was I wrong- Multiplay is lack of creative, finding new race is difficult, the only way I can play multiplay race is invite my friend...- The orginal GRID is great mostly becasue it's creative, back then, every race track in other racing game has only fixed time of day, so you can imange how amazing when we first saw LeMans 24 hours race in GRID with shifting time of day, and then you can understand how dispointed when you find out ""Endurance"" seriese in Autosport is just runing in a night version race track, when every major racing game has change time and weather as standard...hopelsee"
,Not Recommended,255220,23893484,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mancesco,"Dumbest AI ever seen in videogames. It's like they can't tell you're in their path which means they'll ram you into oblivion with no consideration for their personal safety, it's like racing with psychopaths."
,Recommended,255220,13612009,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Revy,"+Great graphics.Good sound quality.Good driving feel.It's not grid2.-Bad cockpit, generaly.Dead multiplayer.7/10Recommended if your looking for another good offline racing experience."
76561198150749531,Not Recommended,255220,16512662,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Crazy Horse,"I've been a fan of Codemasters since the original ""Dirt,"" enjoyed the original ""Grid"" (realizing it was arcad-y), and have loved F1 2012. I judge simulators among simulators and arcade games for what they are as well. This game was horrible. I got drunk and bought it for $40 one night. The next day, I start it... the car pivots around its center when you turn... Strange even for a less serious ""arcade"" style game.If you're into simulator style racing games, you probably aren't even looking at this franchise. If you want a fun, but less serious racing game, you should still stay away.I put three hours into it, forcing myself to enjoy, but failed. Luckily Steam refunded my money. Thank you Steam."
,Recommended,255220,13541745,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,lol?,"TL;DR VERSION:GRID: Autosport is my favourite casual sim, with amazing physics (similar to GRID 1), good AI, great track selection, nice damage system, and beautiful graphics.Rating: 9/10Note: I recommend you read the in-depth review below and watch some gameplay videos!================================================================IN-DEPTH REVIEW:I'm writing this review with about 6 hours of play time logged, so keep that in mind.GRID Autosport is a great game. I has a few downfalls, but overall it is very enjoyable.Starting with the graphics/visual side, it has some great looking effects and beautiful lighting. Car models look a little on the low-detail side, but its not a very big problem.The in-car cameras, I have to say, fail. There's no working dials, and very low detail on the interiors. The mirrors don't work either. Depending on what your requirements are, this could be game breaking or just a 'meh' situation. I can live with it, because I'm not a hardcore sim player. It still needs fixing though, because sometimes it is a nice change to play inside the car.Physics wise, the game is super. It feels great with an Xbox 360 Gamepad, and absolutely jaw-droppingly amazing with a wheel (and I'm even using an old Logitech Momo wheel!). Haven't tried it with a keyboard yet. It's very accessable, but also quite deep. A very good example of 'simcade' handling, and a great improvement over GRID 2.My old Momo steering wheel worked fine first time, so thumbs up for old wheel support :)I don't know whether I like or hate the AI. I think maybe both. They are so damn agressive, it makes for some hair-raising, what-the-heck-how-did-I-pull-that-off racing, but also gets a bit rough, and can get on your nerves sometimes if you want to race clean. They'll grind and bump you quite regularly, so get used it it :)I haven't had a go at Online yet, I'll update the review when I do.Car list is good, ranging from the VW Golf, to the Bugatti Veyron and Koenigsegg (did I spell that right?) Agera. Like said before, it would be nice to have some higher quality car models, but it's not game breaking.There are a nice range of tracks, from Bathurst to the original San Francisco from GRID 1 (finally! I loved that track!).Performance is good, running it all maxed out at 1080p with a solid 60FPS on a GTX 980 Ti and i7 6700k.-------------------Pros & Cons List:Pros:+ Nice Graphics (eye candy, track detail).+ Jaw dropping handling (in my opinion).+ Supported my old Momo Force Feedback wheel.+ AI provide a good challenge, and make the races exciting+ Good car list, nice variety (all DLC included).+ Nice range of tracks (all DLC included).+ Good optimization, had no hitches getting it running.Cons:- The car models are not as high quality as I'd like (but lower quality models help with optimzation).- Interior views are lacking detail.- AI can get too rough.Overall: 9/10------------------Thanks for reading :)"
,Not Recommended,255220,25779704,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,LookMyStrong,"Very disappointing.Not being able to create your own team, buy your own cars (like in the first Grid), had made this game meaningless. You are nothing more than a driver racing cars you neither picked nor own, for a team that's not yours. You have no stake, no affection with whatever you're doing at all. That drains away all the motivation to pick this game up and race again.And if you're saying that the racing expereince is all that matters, then I can name at least 5 other games which do that equally well, and on top of that, give you a sense of belonging to your beloved cars."
76561198055926556,Recommended,255220,10769513,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Arthur3965,"Nothing short of what i expected it to be. An amazing racing game. My only problem is that in the POV camera, it looks horrible, the interior design on the cars seem to not even be remotely textured. Other than that its very good. If I were to be honest, i dont think it could compete in the simulation/arcade, racing games such as Forza 5 or Grand Turismo. It does have its pros and cons as any game should, and its in its first release build, so its too be expected, maybe they will polish it in the future."
,Not Recommended,255220,14171656,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,tomtalk24,"Change of review... (old one see bottom of this, hypocrite maybe)So, I did like this until Codemasters and a few of the devs on here mentioned they are working on a new engine. Then the placebo wore off. Then F1 2014 came out, nearly everyone complained it was a clone of 2013 and again Codemasters stated they are working on a new engine. So basically all we have here are 2 games, very similar to the last, with yet another price tag to pay.If you own 1 and 2 I would say save your money. The online mode is almost dead, the game hasn't delivered in fairness. You will still see the same cars winning above any other like the 4wd Golf etc. The crash system hasn't stopped fools having a laugh. The tracks are mostly the same, along with the darby races brought in as a ""free"" dlc (wish they brought more of Showdown into that dlc).And finally, my biggest problem, the real life physics. Disk breaks still only glow for a few second and don't ware, the handling is still too ""drifty"" and you get no sense of the car your driving from any other. Cars are all the same blah blah blah blah.Again if you buy this try and enjoy the placebo while it lasts. Otherwise wait for Project Cars this March or the next in Codemasters plans. Provided they give the new games the lift it really needs, not something that feels very very much descended from ps1's Colin Mcrae...26th June, 2014YES YES YES! Thank you to all the team over at Codemasters! I never got early access, but read many reviews. Most good, but some talked about handling being well rubbish, wobbly, no grip. Obviously these people haven't taken a real car into a corner at 70mph. I would say its near spot on. Grid 2 I hated, you just turn full lock and floor it. This you think, you slow down and you gently turn into a corner. Just what a good racing game should be. I finally feel we are all out of this NFS arcade way of driving. Its very early days now so haven't really played the game enough to fully see how things go but one things for sure. Your not going to play online only to have one option of wining a race, Ie follow the sheep and only drive one car on each class. Just what racing games needed. I will give a better review in the coming weeks. And once again thank you!!!"
,Recommended,255220,14922795,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Tonyrat,"You want the truth, so here it is: I wish Steam had a stars rating system... I'd give it 3 out of 5.  This game is very good, and really is worth the purchase.  (At least until something better comes along.)Some will criticize it as being ""simcade"", harping on ""mediocre physics"", etc., and they're right that it's a simcade but not right about the physics at all.  So here's how it really is.  The physics are top notch, simulation grade.  However, great physics don't make a simulator.  True, great physics are a requirement of being a simulator, but a simulator is more than just a set of well implemented physics rules.  That is where such critics get confused: they tend to view physics and simulation as one and the same, but that's just not reality.  The handling and physics models really are quite good.  (The only aspect of physical simulation I think they could improve greatly on is the force feedback - it's good, but not great.)However, this game is a GAME, first and foremost.  What separates it from the likes of iRacing is not ""bad physics"" (again, they're quite good) but the approach to development, which is very game oriented.  For instance, many of the cars DON'T actually handle like their real world counterparts (for instance the GT-R is far more ""understeery"" than it is in real life)... however, they DO handle very much like *A* real car... just not necessarily the car being represented.  I believe the reason it is that way is because of lack of research - research I'd guess the developer didn't feel was necessary since the goal was balanced gameplay, and as long as they acheived balanced trade-offs within a given class of car, and it was approximately true to life, that was ""good enough"".  (However, in my opinion, it's NOT good enough, but I digress.)Another aspect that is very game-ish rather than simulation-ish, is the A.I. (computer driven) cars/players are extremely and frustratingly aggressive.  I read in the developer's blog how proud they were of their aggressive A.I., but I feel they missed the mark.  In real life racing, there is aggression, no doubt, but there is also a sense of caution... no pro race car driver will intentionally derail another driver into a potentially fatal crash - unless they want to be arrested for manslaughter.  Gently tapping/touching/etc. to throw another driver off their game, sure, that happens in real life (and is very controversial)... but repeated hammering until you spin out of control or completely T-boning your car is absolutely NOT realistic.  At times, Grid Autosport reminds me of the old game ""frogger"", where it feels like the point is to dodge speeding cars as you cross the road, cars that are actually trying to hit you (or at least don't care at all if they do.)  To make this worse, if you return the aggression, the A.I. cars are very difficult to disorient or make slide/spin, whereas they can feel free to derail you at will.  This is the most frustrating aspect of Grid Autosport.  To introduce this kind of A.I. logic is to add a layer of ""random chance""... a layer that is very inappropriate in a purely skill oriented venue.Frankly, I don't think that Codemasters (the developer) really understands their audience - we want the wonderful online gameplay and comradery (which is excellent by the way), great cars to drive (and they are) in an immersive and realistic environment (also quite good), but we don't want to waste our time on ""games of chance"".  Racing is a purely skill oriented discipline... there's no element of random chance whatsoever (not counting weather, which Grid Autosport doesn't have anyhow.)  We want the good aspects of ""gameplay"" with the best of simulation... because we want to believe that we're real live race car drivers... that's the illusion we want to buy when we give them our money.  This is where Codemasters really misses the mark - they don't seem to get that at all - they seem only to understand the ""rules of game design"" without considering what we the audience really, truly want: A racing simulation that keeps us immersed and believing that it’s real but gives us a sense of PROGRESSION and ACHEIVEMENT found primarily in games.  Ruining the illusion with random chance and puerile A.I. ruins the experience, and wastes our time and money.The bottom line is that the physics are excellent (if you can forgive inaccurate representations of specific cars), the graphics are excellent, online racing is outstanding, but the A.I. is horrible, frustrating, and hardly fun at all.  If it weren't for the great online gameplay, I'd say avoid this title, but on the whole, it's worth getting."
,Not Recommended,255220,10830236,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,★Slick,"not worth $50 my car feels as if its drving on ice where as the opponets seem to be driving on tracks, the cockpit is a joke looks like it was moddled for the ps2 no gauges or anything, if you have the option id play assetto corsa or wait for project cars this really isnt worth your time or money"
76561197992229015,Recommended,255220,31937678,Posted: 24 May,all,Dire,"OK, I'm gonna give this game a thumbs up, simply because Steam doesn't allow a more moderate review. The game in itself is fine. It's a good mix between sim and arcade imho. You can activate certain helps, adjust the AI difficulty, etc. I've enjoyed my time, but now to the bad parts:- Apparently there are no weather effects in the game? At least I haven't come across any and Google also says there aren't any. Imho that's a pretty big failure as it would add TREMENDOUS amounts of variance to races.- Almost no setup options. You can adjust 5 sliders. That's it. For tuning enthusiasts this is not enough.- Endurance mode...god how I hate that mode...in which everyone seems to be going at full speed and full brakes all the time and only YOUR tires seem to wear out incredibly fast...and in which Ravenwest always wins by miles before anyone else...and that's on medium AI difficulty...those ♥♥♥♥ers are just cheaters, srsly, bad AI programming- AI in general. This is supposed to be a real racing game, but in reality it's a crash fest. A solution would have been to have fewer events with actual long races...like 12 laps or more...maybe a 30 minute race for each event with 1 pit stop...- Controls for cars at high speed is terrible. While AI opponents can seemingly drive on rails, your car just spins off at the slightest touch. It's ok to do so, but then the AI needs to follow the same rules.- The ""cockpit"" view is a joke. They simply used a blurry dashboard texture which is way too close and is simply awkward. At least they did better with DiRT Rally.Let's just say that GRID wasn't perfect, GRID 2 was an insult, and GRID Autosport at least tries...but the first one is still the best."
76561197992988457,Not Recommended,255220,10853528,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,VedoHWB,"Do yourself a favor and buy Grid 1. This Grid:Autosport has a very sh*tty handling, VERY poor sense of speed, the cockpit view is blured like it' 1998. Sound of the cars is crap too.The sense of speed is so bad, I take a E92 M3 , corner it and 99% times I think that my car fully stopped (it's moving so slow) and the tacho shows 98 km/h.Race driver GRID (GRID 1) was an amazing racer. I still play it rather then this one. Better handling, better sounds, better cockpit .It's a shame, Codemasters had such a great franchise with Grid 1, Grid 2 was also bad, and now this one.."
,Recommended,255220,22508644,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Hajimoto [ECWC],"By far the best value in PC Arcade racers today. While games like Assetto Corsa and Project Cars concentrate on realizm and driving simulator game play, Grid Autosport balances nicely between Arcade and Sim racers. Course designs are easily familiar to the real world courses and course diversity is average. Custom Skins and the abilty to make groups is great but the online multiplayer sessions can be a bit confusing at times when you are trying to meet up with a buddy due in part to the cumbersome RaceNet interface which differs from regular online play.  The stoyline, while lengthy and appears to be full of diverse content, ultimately forces a driver to be all things to all forms of racing, which si not something that actually happens in the racing world. Graphics are 9/10, Audio is 9/10, Controls support 9/10 and content 8/10 (just because I am not into all the tuner and drift stuff). Overall I rate the game 85-90 out of 100 in total game ranking & is worth the on sale price."
,Recommended,255220,14225063,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Z 3 R Ø ™,GG :)
76561198352784153,Recommended,255220,30287096,Posted: 2 March,all,bondar.r.a,I think that it's one of the best racing simulators ever. I like its realistic feel very much. Also I want to point out that this game runs well on Linux! :)
76561198308551257,Recommended,255220,28878580,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SUB-ZERO,Positives++Good Graphics+Career Mode is much better than the original GRID+Good DLC's+More exciting tracks than dull onesNegatives--Does not handle the same as the original GRID-If you are using a controller (which i highly recommend) it does not save your custom controls-too many boring tracks that you find yourself repeating in career mode
,Recommended,255220,10954654,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bella,"Significant differences from the previous installments, Graphics gorgeous!physics and gameplay at the highest level ... The game is all pluses ... all advise .... I am delighted)*"
76561197992206547,Recommended,255220,19915630,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,B00tsy,"75/100Pretty fun racing game!I expected it to be more realistic when it comes to car handling, but it is in fact quite arcady and a bit loose. I am playing with a Xbox controller and the controls are not super responsive and direct when it comes to the steering with the L joystick, but it's acceptable. You might need to get used to it a bit in the beginning, after that it's fine.The game has a ton of cups and challenges to keep you busy for many many hours (enough content). Even with the arcady feel it is actually quite chalenging to drive against the AI! So far as I have played the amount of different tracks is quite low, I played for 7 hours and only driven half a dozen different tracks (and reversed), also the amount of different cars and classes is quite low.One really noticable quality gap in the game is the cockpit view. It is really low detailed in most/all cars and they made the cockpit on the lower part of your screen blurry to camouflage it. It is extra noticable, because basically everything else in the game is pretty solid and good quality.As for realism I think this game falls far below the racing sims on the market. Even Gran Turismo feels more real (direct/responsive) when it comes to car handling, but the AI in GRID is way more fun to race against and the races are more custimizable then in Gran Turismo. I also don't think that this game tries or was intended to be a realistic racing sim, but an enjoyable not over complicated racing experience. And that it does quite well.Overall I think this is a pretty solid and fun racing game and worthy to pick up during a sale."
,Not Recommended,255220,10876126,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,a$ap down syndrome,"I bought this game thinking it would be completely different than the other games in the GRID series. The ""authentic handling"" as stated in the description caught my eye as GRID 2 was all about drifting every single car around corners at crazy speeds. I was very disappointed to learn that nothing has changed. This game feels like GRID 2 with better graphics, the same drifty handling, and the same waste of money for someone looking for a, ""authentic handling"" or simulator experience. This brings me to the controls, I'm sure the game is manageable with a controller or even a keyboard and mouse, but with a wheel like a G27, good luck. The shifting, should you choose to use a manual transmission with a clutch and H shifter is horrid, cars pop out of gear at random times and most of the time you can't put the car back into gear because the game simply won’t recognize it. All in all, the game isn't what I was looking for and Codemasters has only given the series a new set of pretty textures and not much else. If you liked the other GRID games, by all means this is nothing different but if your someone looking for a sim experience I recommend you look into Race 07, and Asseto Corsa and not dump $50 on this game like I did."
,Not Recommended,255220,11607393,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Aleas,"The game looks very pretty, but the physics are just wrong..  If you are looking for an arcade game then this one is not bad.  But if you are looking for a sim to get on par with iRacing / Asseto Corsa/ RF2 Then look elsewhere.The game's AI is pretty bland and dumb. and the controlls expecially the steering just feels wrong.  and the interface could use a drastic overhaul.The nice thing about this is they have an option to place a spectator view on a 2nd display which i think is great, however expect it to pretty much kill any system using that option."
,Recommended,255220,19645818,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ru_maniac,"So yeah, another GRID game. Please note that my opinion is based on Linux version' experience.A bunch content from older Codemasters games. Apart from visuals and other whistles and bells, I feel that circuits like Istanbul Park or Hockenheimring haven't changes at all, for worse, and more importantly, better. They are just the same.Graphics are nice, although I suspect that Linux port lacks few effects. Handling is not arcade-like, but still makes you think sometimes that first GRID back in 2007 was more realistic. But the only REAL issue is that this will be probably another Codemasters' racing game you'll never beat -- there's so much old content that you'll probably get bored halfway.Nevertheless, thumbs up. There's very few racing games on Linux whatsoever, and this is definitely not a bad one."
76561198070100607,Not Recommended,255220,10862694,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kinraka,If you wan't the good old origional Grid this is not for you.Played my first hour of driving on ice sticking my car in park half way round the corner to still be going 80km/h to finally get out the other side and be given a white line penalty going to give it a few more hours but is it worth it?Not what i was hoping for after spending 6 years playing the original
76561197974759846,Recommended,255220,32889823,Posted: 27 June,all,Brett905,"Another casual gamer here (47yrs old). I enjoy First Person Shooters (keyboad & Mouse) and Acade/Sim Racers (Logitech Wireless Gamepad F710) I own The Dirt Series and Grid series. I loved the handling & damage & visuals in Dirt 2 and Grid. In my opinion, for my style of gaming, Grid Autosport with all DLC's is a masterpiece. I see the aruments over Grid Autosport vs Grid 2. For me it's hands down. Autosport is the clear winner in all aspects of the game. It's fun for all ages. I also own Prject Cars. I think it's a fantastic game, but much better suited to be played with a good racing wheel. Grid Autosport really fills the arcade/sim (controller) racer spot for me. I have no issues with this game!!!UPDATE: June 30 2017Played online in a closed game with my a friend an Ai. Played many different rounds. Game worked as expected. No Problems. Lot's of control options to create the perfect custom game. Hope this review helps others in making a decision to purchase."
76561198052233185,Not Recommended,255220,12521093,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,lumpy.stuff,"Utter Rubish, I have played i would say most of the codemaster racing games from the first TOCA thru to now and many others starting as far back as Geoff Crammonds formula one grand prix in 1992, and by far this is the worst one, the so called AI is a joke the laws of physics only seem to apply to your car, a waste of money."
,Recommended,255220,20078696,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Amateur Linux Gamer,"HOLY CRAP this is a fun game. I don't really think this game would be as fun without the Steam Controller? (yay gyro-as-steering-wheel!), but I don't know. I don't play a lot of racing games. This game is just the right amount of HARD and BEAUTIFUL.. 10/10, would race again.Thank you for porting this to Linux!!!"
,Recommended,255220,13995432,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Carnival Nights!,"Pros:Great sense of speed when driving (most important thing in a racing game)Large variety in gameplay modes even without the DLCGreat career mode loaded with car variety, race/event variety, sponsors and splintering objectivesOnline challenges even without a present online communityGreat graphicsCustom tailored difficultyCosmetic car damage including option to affect vehicle performanceFlashback option allowing for rewinds to retry certain moments as opposed to restarting an entire race (newbie friendly)Cons:Driver side view isn't in HD. Blurry, none of the meters work. Extremely limiting in viewRavenwest Team (Developer's team) is unagonizingly cheapPolarizing AI. Can create distance in some races, impossible to shake off in others (rubberband AI)Certain AI race on a track and will not stop even when you block them causing them to just railroad youOverall a great racing game with a varied career mode, great graphics, great style all around. Cars look gorgeous, races are intense and game is just fun overall."
,Recommended,255220,13788092,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ToRaBoRa,"Great Racing Games. Try to be number 1, collect XP, and learn to drifting. very addictiveGraphic : 9/10Sound : 9/10Gameplay : 9/10"
76561198008735740,Recommended,255220,13216531,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,KenJiii Tsuchiya[GRT]™,Grid Autosport is a well done racing game. There is no unnecessary things just pure racing in single and multiplayer modus.The handling of cars giving satisfaction and feels like a bit of simmulation and acrade racing games.Well done Codemasters
76561198010732222,Recommended,255220,18311898,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,BeautyOfTheBeast,"This game is amazing if you like racing games, if you notice, all the bad reviews are from people with less than 2 hours of playing, and wanted an easy racing game, i honestly don't like the endurance races, but the rest is awsome, and every car feels diferent, and no, it's not like driving on ice, if you have a driver license, and drive a car daily, you will know the game physics are almost on point compared to real life.In my opinion, GRID Autosport took the best of the original GRID and made ir better, the only let down i had, was not being able to choose the teammate, because the one you are given, normaly suck, and the fact we cannot buy cars.But on the other hand, in online mode, we can buy/sell cars, and have alot of fun with other racers, so enjoy! :)"
76561198025609238,Not Recommended,255220,10813950,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Si,"Be aware that the reinstatement of the cockpit cam is not as excellent as it first sounds.  It's blurry, very very blurry.Playing with hud off.  Clearly the steering wheels in the open wheel cars are designed to have info on them such has shift lights, speedometers or whatever.  But instead its a blurry mess with no useful information.  It wouldnt be so bad if the lights on my G27 were supported.Fix it codemasters. Not in a special DCL, not with a community mod, and you can have your positive review.This will make me think twice before buying F1 2014 which I was looking foreward to."
,Recommended,255220,10864269,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LombaXShade,"GRID Autosport it is the Real and Amazing Racing game i ever Played, and just like GRID 2 or GRID this game has everything and even more new things, For Example: Tracks,Cars,Sponsors,Object,Racing types and many many many more.... This game is really the Best for those who like Racing games.(Just like me). xDRating:10/10"
,Recommended,255220,21825666,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Varrus,"Great game, really fun to play (I'm using G27 with manual transmission + clutch), interesting career mode, and really amazing sound design :D"
,Recommended,255220,25325269,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Finch0z,"One of the few realistic racing games compatible with Linux, GRID Autosport is a decent racing game. The AI is quite intense even on 'easy' difficulty, but the challenges are rewarding and the controls are quite responsive and intuitive. The small selection of maps can get somewhat repetitive however, but the online races make up for this.7/10"
76561198012346438,Recommended,255220,14165937,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DoubleTen [ZOOM],"After 300hours in-game, here's my opinion:+ Graphic is polished and, as old-gen, still can hold up the scene+ Sound is great and detailed+ Gameplay is a well-made compromise between arcade and simulation+ A lot of cars, a lot of tracks+ Online community is still active and nice+ Nice DLCs choices+ It's the real heir of TOCA Touring Cars series until now- AI is weird, sometimes is realistic, sometimes is an unmotivated ♥♥♥♥♥♥- Single player career becomes boring after few races- Your own teams and cars are only in online mode- Cheaters and Demolition derby drivers are still online- Menu music is to mute after 20 seconds8/10, a must have for casual drivers and a nice addiction for Pro-players"
,Recommended,255220,31530058,Posted: 3 May,all,schwissig,Solid racing game for the Linux community!
,Recommended,255220,15424819,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Bulletspunge,"""Changed my headlight fluid, won at life.""  TEN'AH'TA'TEN! - BuckfugglyGamingGrid has and continues to be less of a simulation fans racing game for the sake of being more of an arcade racing game. And it does what it does as well if not better than it ever has before in Grid:Autosport. That being said, there is precious little telemetry and car customization and you're given little to no selection for what you'll be driving from one race to the next. And I hate that, I'm a sim-racing fan more than anything else. But I've enjoyed my time in Grid:Autosport for sure. You won't find bespoke graphical / mechanical car customization and selection in Grid, but  you will find lots of solid arcade (think ridge racer) fun.The HD textures (while perhaps one of my favorite optional free DLC offerings from devs of any game) causes what appears to be memory-leak crashes for me but the game is pretty enough in high-res mode for me to be fine without it. As for other visuals, I feel much more like I'm racing in particular cars than I have in other games, hatchbacks typically have some weighty body-roll thats ideal to pre-load going into a corner, and high-strung sports cars feel like their ""twitch"" is pushing your head around like it owes this game money.I have a few minor problems with the audio, but they're minor and can be completely overlooked unless you really care to hear them. The team radio announcer is a little bland most of the time and a bit uninformative. But I like the idea of having radio-comms to coordinate car condition and situational performance. I'd especially like it if more games swapped out some selectable or even voice activated voice checks for the typical HUD items that tend to litter most racing games.Split screen!!! Thank you! I wish more games tried a little harder to put/keep this in their PC games. I like online gaming, but few things are as satisfying as sitting next to the person you're stomping into a dirty mudhole on the track =)I really like the idea of a youtube button during replays for uploading them to youtube. A wonderful addition to a very pretty and exciting racing experience. And it has been pretty user-friendly (as far as reply controls go) for me to capture some decent footage for machinima things I do in my spare time. But the manually selectable camera angles are limited to the same ones you have access to during the race. So that could have maybe been better. Note* - the automated cinematic camera angles are on a loop, so if you're trying to get footage, it's easy to accidentally repeat the same exact camera angles over multiple takes.I've had zero problems using my cheapo (but heaven-sent) logitech gamepad with analog triggers with no in-game setup at all. Right outta the gate everything worked flawlessly. There's a lot to be said for that.I can't speak for the online play yet. But if I get around to giving it a shot I'll sure update my review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,255220,16560859,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vrozaro,"Oh, Codemasters. I came into Autosport expecting nothing and I was still let down. Where do I start?The GOOD:-Nice overall detail-Tons of arcade(ish) fun!The BAD:-Horrible stutter-Floaty physics-Lackluster AIThe REVIEW:Being a longtime fan of Codemasters and their work (pre DiRT 2), I thought I'd give Autosport a try. I'd seen the horrible reviews that Grid 2 had recieved, and was quite disapointed, as I loved Grid 1. Luckily, I caught Autosport on a nice sale, and was quick to ignore the shoddy reviews because I'd caught it at such a steal. Boy, had I wished I listened.Oddly enough, Autosport proved itself fun in the start. While it presented itself as a hardcore racer for hardcore players, I was lied to, as Autosport's racing physics are at best arcadey, and at worst, unbearable. All cars felt like they handled the same- all that was changed was how much power they were capable of producing. Drifting F1 cars should not be possible.On top of that, the video stutter made a playable game unplayable. I've looked into this and have found that I'm not the only one with a stuttering problem. I've tried many fixes, but to no avail. The stutter comes and goes, however.Codemasters, why advertise a game as a hardcore sim when it's not even close?"
,Recommended,255220,28243668,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"Well, it's exciting and in higher difficulty your opponents provide enough challenges. But it feels even more tilted to arcade side comparing to grid 1. Some times you can turn 90 degree sharp in a speed which will almost certain to cause slide. And when you slide, you can gain your control back without much trouble.Graphics are still decent by today's standards, but sky is static and a little distracting."
,Not Recommended,255220,13437025,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Flanno,I really wanted to like this. But they make it hard when they do a half arsed job and just recycle models and tracks from the previous two games and mash them together.
,Not Recommended,255220,13906230,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,strsnostrs,"The very first GRID was (and still is) my favorite arcade racing game. It had customizable difficulty, it had teams and sponsors and one feature that I really liked: you didn't have to win every race in a championship to win actually win it (something that NFS Shift 2 had problems with). You could buy and customize your own cars, which made you want to through the championships to get those awesome supercars and stuff. And it was fun to play with AI too. It wasn't really good (i.e. cheating) , but it wasn't dumb either. All and all, it was very fun to play.Now enter Autosport. From all the thing I mentioned above you still have customizable difficulty and same championship system. And that's pretty much it. AI is a dumb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that would always try to deal as much damage to your car as it could like it's a demolition derby or something.You can't buy cars (well, you can in multiplayer, but you'll be given a car anyway when you joing a race). Well, I know that you race with teams and sponsors just provide you cars, but come on, it's not a sim, it's 100% NFS-like arcade, so what's the point of that?The whole gimmick of finishing a season to unlock more seasons (all of which feels the same for the most part) gets very old pretty quick.So after all I would not recommend Autosport (even on sale). Just grab Race Driver: GRID instead."
,Recommended,255220,11045476,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,dew,"GRID autosport... what can really be said about this game? Lots, but long story short this game rewards driving skill.You have to hold the line, work the throttle, and have the patience to wait for the moment to pass. The bs drifting advantage is over. Only in select situations does drifting help. So far as I can describe through play, this game by design cuts down greatly on the demolition derby that was GRID 2. The A.I. is definitely challenging, but that may just be since the driving dynamics are different from other GRID titles so passing wouldn't be as familiar.The sound of the game has some notable improvements from G2. There are cockpit rattles in various cars. The engine sounds are satisfying, tires, exhust notes, radio chatter...blah blah. It sounds better.One aspect of the game I am enjoying a lot more are the RaceNet challenges. Again the driving dynamics make this particular game mode great, they take work to complete with platinum medals.Should you pick this game up? Depends if you're an arcade racer or not."
76561198089814108,Not Recommended,255220,10870671,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DB46,"I love my racing games , but so far this is a joke, I AM RUNNING A GTX 680 AND AT SOME POINTS I AM GETTING LAG! , you cant beat the game stock racings feel for real racing , codemasters you have let me down on this one , can i have my money back please ? this is so arcade, any how i ve learnt my lesson now , stick to the real sims on pc with the people who make great mods, they might not have the graffics but they get the racing feel great, unlike grid !The graffics do not seem special , the cars dont handle well , sound is good , cockpit veiw please!!!! i give this game a 5 out of 10 , if they make any improvements ill reveiw it again"
76561197976289110,Not Recommended,255220,13759876,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cnoz,"Looks good. Has probably the most hateful AI in a game I have ever seen. They just smash into you. Their cars seem to knock you off track with the slightest bump, whereas if you hit them they don't budge an inch. Super-aggressive AI makes this game, which looks good and feels good, absolutely infuriating. Can't recommend it.Still it was on sale. And it WAS fun smashing into my friend in split screen mode. I suspect it would be better with a proper wheel and pedal set-up, but I'm not going to buy one just to be whacked about by the suspect AI in this game.I played TOCA 2 back in 1999 or 2000 on PSone. Loved it. Played it to death. Made by the same folks who produced this game I think. The AI in it were totally fine, perhaps not aggressive enough, but it WAS fun. How can 15 years go by and their game evolves to this?I'll probably sink a few more hours into it, see if it grows on me, you never know. If nothing else, the time trials aren't affected and I like trying to beat my own times round a track.Would I recommend it? -  on sale, perhaps. It hasn't made me want to look out for the next installment, that's for sure."
,Recommended,255220,14226875,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ImmortalCookie,"I don't know why am I even writing this review but I really want to.Have all grid titles including Grid and Grid 2 in my Steam Library but never touched them. Bought Grid AutoSport + Season Pass just because I had money to waste (and maybe to show off to others that I buy expensive games) and I think it is one of the beautiful mistakes I've made in my life.I was always an avid follower of F1 and thats why I love racing games. Played almost all newer NFS titles where you kind of get a supercar and blast through all the racer and get 1st , 2nd or 3rd place almost every time. Played this game and I got a reality check about what actual racing is. I selected the ""Easy"" AI Mode but after 4 races (15th Place , 14th Place , 9th place and 16th place *I ain't joking*) . I had to set the AI to ""Very Easy"" mode. Even after that , I've managed to get the podium 2 times ONLY (2nd and 3rd) even after playing almost 30+ races.If you think you've mastered racing games just because you can play NFS , play this game. I'm sure you'll love it. Although I understand that this game is frustrating at times just because the amount of complexity you'll have to go through e.g. In Online mode car damage will affect your car's performance and trust me when I say that I wanted to threw away my laptop just because I couldn't come 1st in a race just because my car's handling failed after getting hit by another car. I've only played like 2-3 games online so I dont know much about that but I'm really enjoying the Single Player mode.As of now , I've only tried ""Touring"" and ""Endurance"" disciplines but I plan to try other ones soon enough.And about the optimization part , I'm running this game maxed out in Intel HD 5200 and haven't encountered a visual glitch till now. Also , the visuals are really top notch. Somethimes when playing , I felt like I was racing in a real world (but I'm too much dreamy so you can ignore that part :'D ) This game also has a good set of cars and racing tracks .....Well , to finish , I know I spoke too much in my review but if you can , buy this game. You'll have countless hours of fun like I'm having .... Thank You again for reading this length pile of garbage.  P.S. I never played Asseto Corsa and don't plan to. So , please don't tell me about how Asseto Corsa is better than Grid : Autosport even if it is !! Thank You :)"
76561198004729249,Not Recommended,255220,14262093,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Minieggs12,"Basically it should have been a DLC for Grid 2, nearly everything is taken from it. The rushed interior view is a joke and the whole concept is tedious especially the Endurance races. Don't buy the DLC unless you intend to play online, it has no impact on the single player."
76561198059629541,Not Recommended,255220,13688371,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jolietjohnny,"It looks nice but that is about it. The cars seem to have too much oversteer and it feels more arcadey than Need for Speed. I was lured in by the free DLC for the demo derby. I think I dislike this game because they completely missed the target on that. The demo derby mode is just like everything else in the game, cars are aggresively racing you to cross the finish line 1st. Its kind of a figure 8 race I guess? A simple youtube search would show you what a demo derby is. And to whoever gave this a ""simulation"" tag, go play an even numbered Gran Turismo, Forza or maybe Need for Speed Shift so you can see what a sim racer is."
,Not Recommended,255220,13635451,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,(┛◉Д◉)┛彡┻━┻,"I only recommend this game if you can get it for like 50%-75% off price. It's not worth the full price.It definitely don't deserve the simulation tag. All cars drive like a motorboat.They ignored the cockpit view detail and use super ugly low res road texture.  2 of the most important aspect in a racing game especially for simcade/sim.You need a good gamepad to enjoy this game, preferably an Xbox 360 controller or something similar. Buying a racing wheel for this game is a dumb move."
76561198079317074,Recommended,255220,28562130,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Envy,Game is lots of fun. Vast variety of cars and championship.I do feel like the Ravenwest guys are way too fast in comparising to the other AI. Especially in Endurance. It's weird having 2 Ravenwest cars on your tail for 10 minutes and have the 4th place AI gapped by 1500 meters.I also wish you could've customised your own car in singeplayer instead of riding with a pre-made livery.
,Recommended,255220,34309918,Posted: 17 August,all,RVF,One of the best sim-cade to date.
76561198032453716,Recommended,255220,16531809,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ronnin426850,"Engine-wise, this is the most optimized game I've played in the last 10 years. Everything is super light and responsive with gorgeous graphics on mid-range PCs, and with acceptable graphics on low-end PCs.There is not enough diversity in cars, despite the many categories (even F1-like cars), but there are a lot of different tracks to drive on.Music is annoying and generic, and does bad job at complementing such a beautiful game.Car damage is realistic and affects driving in a major way - this is not the game to ram your opponents off the track.For me personally, in the age of games that struggle on quad core CPUs and 2+ Gb GPUs to deliver mid-res textures and questionable lighting, the biggest advantage of GRID Autosport is how amazingly beautiful and lightweight its graphics engine is. Definitely restores my faith in developers.I have not noticed any bugs so far, and I've played it way more than my profile shows, outside of Steam.Career is a bit boring, or at least it was to me. Driving aside, a race pilot's career is not very interesting to begin with. But it does provide an extra bit of addrenaline to the regular racing experience."
,Recommended,255220,30796401,Posted: 28 March,all,Babthicc,"This is byfar one of the best racing games I've ever played (And I have a terrible PC, so I can't run many), but other than the slight frame drops every once in a while, it runs really well with a Intel i3-2310m, and Intel HD3000 graphics. I HIGHLY recommend this game. From the high speed Endurance the the Destructive Demo Derby, it's a wonderful game."
,Not Recommended,255220,11702935,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,█▓▒░FTW24o░▒▓█,"Save your hard earned pennys! This game is a joke... online is aweful as ""VERY FEW"" use their breaks on corners. Constant voting out if you can ever get to first place and hold it without being smashed into a wall...JUST DONT BUY IT!"
,Recommended,255220,22820792,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,zendiii.tumblr.com,**grew up with need for speed**good gamemore fun with race wheeldope musicI like it because it has a lot of races.I don't like it because I have to do a lot of races with one type or car and can't move on to the faster cars.9/10
,Not Recommended,255220,24080755,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ups408,The ai is blatently cheating because it has a car better than yours in EVERY respect. It is also♥♥♥♥♥♥because it just follows its line and will try to drive through you if you're on that line. ♥♥♥♥ this game and i really hate the person who designed this ai.
,Recommended,255220,18212153,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,◥DaBeastKing◤,Not bad
,Recommended,255220,16056776,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Justabit_Ginger,One of the best grids going . Great game great racer recommend 10/10!
,Recommended,255220,15303895,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Obey Fook,best game in the world
,Recommended,255220,28696466,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,shn0z,"Just like Cities:Skylines seemed to be closer to a next-generation version of SimCity 4 was than Sim City 5, so does Grid Autosport seem to be the heir to the throne that was last occupied by DiRT: Showdown (D:S).It is a great half-way point between super in-depth racers from the PS2-era of GT2 and GT3 and the arcadey racers.  It has depth in what it refines.Does it let you race bajillions of vehicles?  No, just from playing the ""street"" vein of the game I can tell that only a small handful (under 10) are available.  But because each of those dozen or so vehicles vary so much in their physics, each vein yields new challenges to personal skills that might've plateaued if just left to rot in one specific type.But it does add some great advancements: ""rivals"" which seem like the next non-team guy in points above or below you is one of them.  Another is the flashback where you get -- by default -- five times during one race to rewind the action so that spin-out or incorrect judgement of the entry speed on a corner doesn't happen.Yup, car collection is still there but not a focus."
,Recommended,255220,15025431,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Czeru,"If you looking for a great racer game which harder than an NFS but not soreal life simulator, this is the best game for you!"
,Recommended,255220,13920766,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,AlexyGalaxy,"MY BIGGEST IN DEPTH REVIEW EVER! I previously reviewed Grid 2 and I will start with a familiar sentence those who read my grid 2 review will know. Codemasters, my dear old friend. I have been a loyal supporter since Colin Mcrae Rally 2.0, stretching from V8 Supercars 1, 2 (Xbox) to TOCA Race Driver 3 and even the Formula One games (My fave) Its only fair I review GRID: Autosport. In a nutshell, its an improvement over GRID 2. OK LETS GET INTO IT! Again I shall start with the cons.-ConsFirst the AI. Easy to catch, bloomin hard to keep them behind you. It seems there is a rubberbanding effect here where the cars behind get a performance boost when you pass, especially the top drivers (looking at you Westley). Rubberbanding provides a challenge to the player but it kinda makes it frustrating all your effort catching (even on hard difficaulty) suddenly goes to mud because the AI suddenly go faster. And on the subject of AI they REALLY get aggressive out there. For example in Open Wheel (more about classes in the pros!) It is supposed to be NON CONTACT. But they do not leave space, and I found myself getting spun when they slam into me in the breaking zones like im not even there or they re-pass on the inside and clip my rear wheels with their wing. THis is a long paragraph for a single con.-Damage. This is a pro and con. Its more about the AI damage. They don't seem to have any issues with damage. I went the wrong way, smashed head on into an AI at over 200kph and sent him flipping through the air. When his car righted again he just continued although he did have a lose wing and cosmetic damage... he finished 5th... SO work there needs to be done.-Multiplayer. Again... I cannot for the life of me find a public match. Inviting my only other friend who plays the game is ok, but sometimes hes not always avaliable to play. This needs to be fixed. It happened on GRID 2 as well.OK CONS ASIDE!! Lets get into the really great pros.-Classes. The best thing about this game. Different choice of cars. Its obvious not every one likes the same race series. I hate Nascar, I love Formula One. It is great to see you can choose 5 different choices, from Drift to Open Wheel to Touring etc. It is the best thing about this game, and it brings me back to my V8 Supercars years.-Damage. Much improved damage on this game, parts come off, or cause your car to pull to the left/right, even lose a wheel, and manage to keep on racing (Put this in F1 2015 pls? k thx) although some pit stops would be nice/-Career. A big con. The intro introduces you to the mechanics of the game with a 2 lap intro race which is good to get up to speed and you can select which class to start/end with maybe open wheel, or drift any category you want.-ONBOARD CAMERAS. YES. DRIVING CAMERAS. T-CAMS. ITS WHAT WE DREAMED OF. AND WE GOT.-Custom races. This is a great feature. Any class, any track, any team. Up to 3 events each with custom lap amounts, practice and qualifying and setups!!! Whats best is the first race can start from qualifying spot, but the second race can start from reversed 1st race position (finish 1st, start last, finish 2nd, start second to last.) Its great!!!-Graphics. Only one word Amazing!Overall a great game for any racer out there. Easy to use with my g27 wheel. HIGHLY RECOMMEND~~!!!"
,Recommended,255220,13659987,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Baking Soda,"+ Innovative endurance mode, hard but fun+ Graphics and handling, top notch+ Online racing barely lags if u choose the correct region+ Tracks and good AI (besides Ravenwest f@gs)+ Qualifying chance before races, never stuck at 16th place every race+ Great variety of cars , a lil bit sad about not including Porsche- Can't create ur own team and choose sponsors like in the first GRID- Can't choose cars by urself, its either 1 combination of cars or another (e.g. u can't drive a Golf R and then a Focus ST in consecutive street racing)- Weird cockpit view, especially when looking left and right in helmet cam- Non-Ravenwest team mates suck at driving- Weird penalty detectionStill a very good game"
76561198130103068,Recommended,255220,13976814,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Greek007,"great game, worth every penny"
76561198077529478,Recommended,255220,15483788,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,metalktulu,"Great racing game. Lots of cars, tracks and disciplines.The cars handle very well; you have to learn how to drive them properly around corners and the game helps with the learning through visual assists.Touring cars remind me of Toca 2.The AI really fights for every inch of tarmac which adds a lot to the adrenaline and competitive atmosphere. I love that and I think I felt it most at ""medium"" difficulty.I noticed many times the AI cars follow the racing line religiously(mostly while cornering) and in some cases they'll ram you off the track because of it, but that usually happens when driving kamikaze style, not like a racer would. You'll learn to be aware of other cars.The game doesn't have a storyline to help drive progression like in Grid 1. Instead you feel more like a professional driver fighting to climb up the ranks.You can play only one discipline if you want to.It's nice you can choose to stick with a team for a few seasons before moving to another one.The commentators before the race are a nice touch :)"
,Recommended,255220,29413735,Posted: 21 January,all,CombinedYoutuber,"I have mixed feelings about this game as the handling of most of the cars really make me dislike it. If there was an option in between a positive and negative review I would put it like that.But onto the review now.First things first, let's mention the car choices. There are so many to choose from and they are also separated into different racing disciplines, which is cool. My favourite is obviously Open Wheel cause I play F1 games as well, but I also like Endurance and Touring mainly.Online is a good feature as not only do you race against your friends and other people but after the race you get rewarded for your performances even if it's a bad race. Love that feature a lot.I also love the DLC options in this game, but later I'll talk about one particular one that almost screwed my profile.They are my main positives.Now the negatives:The handling in this game in most cars is both understeery and oversteery despite having assists on. It really pisses me off when I bottle a really good lap in Racenet Challenge for example because of them. Touring and Tuner are particularly understeery cars, and open wheel are oversteery.The fact you can make custom liveries for cars only for online mode. It's so disappointing that you can't race with your custom livery in single player mode cause you can be faster in it. But I still love designing cars.The AI in this game are just terrible, they usually leave absolutely no space for you as they are unaware where you are on the track. When they brakecheck and therefore block me during a hotlap I rage so hard.Sprint Pack DLC profile glitch. This is a weird one tbh. I love the Sprint Pack cause the tracks are really fun and enjoyable to race on. But unfortunately this DLC causes the save game profile to corrupt, my friend also had the same thing. Good thing that I was able to recover the profile after uninstalling it, which gave me a shock.Overall this is an enjoyable and fun game but the handling and AI in particular makes me dislike it, so I have mixed feelings about it. Thanks for reading possibly my longest review on a game :)"
76561198055306597,Recommended,255220,19681306,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,micketeer,"Even work with open source radeon drivers (some minor tweaking required). Very functional port, well done."
76561198111660368,Recommended,255220,15203799,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Roadman Shaq,super good damage graphics and you have to give intel graphics and codemaster some credit its the one of the best car games ive played.
,Recommended,255220,20024434,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shell-raiser the Infectious,i love that i bought this game.. its been so much fun
76561198191712113,Recommended,255220,19967990,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zamasú,This Awesome
,Recommended,255220,20475119,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DarkOwL,Nice Game :D :D :D
,Recommended,255220,19928597,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BeansWater,If you're familiar with TOCA Race Driver 3 You'll find this game very familiar. Several racing disciplines you can advance in  either one at a time or alternating between. Sadly no prerendered cutscenes of your crewchief congratulating you or mussy haired race enemies berating you.Drives very much like a codemasters game - definitely not a sim and definitely a little floaty but the cars are a little more planted than GRID. I've only done a few of the GT races so open wheel cars or the upper end cars may be different.Runs very well on Linux and easily the best naitive running racing game available.
76561198163085580,Recommended,255220,20062478,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,bubach,"Been playing it for a while now and can only say that i love it.. realistic, bug-free and extremely fun."
,Recommended,255220,20105686,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Engel von Evilstein,Dragracing.... Say no more!!
,Recommended,255220,20082378,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kompjutermajstor,great games for LINUX ubuntu 14.04I was have problem with stuck on loading screen andCURE IS :Click dont show againe on first menu before loading screen and start againeGAME is great all works on ultra
,Recommended,255220,14154862,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Crash #TSTJ,"Holden vs Ford, Splitscreen, Mount PanoramaSolve the argument once and for all... and start a new one by running your friend off the track."
,Recommended,255220,14610308,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kiksu,"There's a problem with the Steam ratings system, and that's that you have a binary ""YES"" or ""NO"" as to if you'd recommend a game.  I need a third category for GRID Autosport, a wavy hand, non-committal noise, a sort of shrug.I'm a big fan of racing games in general and have been buying Codemasters racers since TOCA Race Driver 2.  I’ve bought GRID and GRID 2 and enjoyed them both, I actually wrote a positive review of GRID2 on Steam.  But GRID Autosport is...*does hand rocking back and forward motion*.So what's wrong?  The biggest fault in this game is the AI.  It’s bad, not terrible, just pretty stupid.  AI cars really want to hit that racing line.  Quite often you'll find them piling up at the first corner as they all try to take the same line through.  A savvy player can avoid the melee and gain quite a few places straight away.  More annoying is when you're taking a corner and the AI clips your back end sending you spinning out.  Of course, this happens in real world racing but it feels all to frequent in GRID Autosport making the AI feel cheap and frustrating.  It made me wonder if the flashback game mechanic was implemented because they couldn’t be bothered to fix the AI and decided that the player could just rewind and take evasive action should they get rear ended and end up in a wall!  But because the AI behaves so badly you don't really care about smashing them up to get ahead.  This can turn races into something of a demolition derby and ruins the immersion somewhat.  Far better was the system in Need For Speed: Shift which rewarded you for a more passive (or aggressive) racing style, that way you could at least play a persona.  Also the less said about the total waste of an AI race partner the better.  There's also nothing new here.  If you've played the last two outings you've seen most of what this game has to offer.  I might be mistaken but I think all the tracks are recycled and they've ditched the point-to-point racing that was so much fun in GRID2 (though you can get it back as DLC, it’s not part of the main career mode).  Drag racing could have been new and fun (reminiscent of the ace drag racing from Need For Speed Underground) but again, that comes as a DLC and isn't part of the main career.So what's right?  Graphically it’s quite the looker.  The cars are detailed (and there are quite a few of them), the tracks feel alive and interesting (racing through the construction site that is Dubai is a particular highlight).  The car handling seems to have been refined from the previous outing and the multi-disciplined approach means you really have to focus on how you drive as you, for example, switch between the easy to drive, stable at speed Touring Cars and the fast but skittish GT Race Cars.  Moreover the number of disciplines keeps things varied and interesting.  You'll be bumper to bumper racing in Touring Cars, managing your tyre wear in Endurance, getting sideways in Drift.  That you don't need to be the best in a particular discipline to progress is neat too (mid table finishes still earn XP, albeit slower than finishing top).There's enough in this game to keep me coming back (and I will do until I finish it because I'm compulsive like that) so because Steam only gives me a binary choice I'll give a thumbs up.  But this is likely the last GRID game I pick up.  The racing marketplace is about to get a whole lot more competitive with the exciting Project CARS on the horizon, and I reckon the GRID series, without an overhaul, will end up languishing in mid-pack."
76561198043431015,Recommended,255220,33856263,Posted: 28 July,all,Brandflakes,"I personally like it.I feel that it is way better than Grid 2 which felt too drifty/slidey, the physics in this game feels more along the lines of Forza. The career mode is a lot more in depth than Grid 2, in career it isn't just racing like in Grid 2 theres Racing Seasons, Tuning, Qualifiers, Team Objectives,  Sponsorships and five different disciplines of racing. It is more focused around a track racing vibe with some street racing, unlike Grid 2 where it was all street racing and you had to build fame. Visuals look ok theres a cockpit view unlike Grid 2, decals are almost the same with just some add-ons.Multiplayer still has some people if you search during the day and high traffic hours ( July 28, 2017 ). If you like a game that focuses on Track racing with more depth and improved physics than this game is for you!"
76561198012621598,Recommended,255220,16606127,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr. Frits,"Perfect mix between simulation and arcade racing. Beautiful graphics, really low loading times and endless settings can be changed if wanted. You can play this game just with the standard settings from the cars or fine tune them yourselves.I do recommend a steering wheel with pedals or at least a controller. I'm saving up for a Fanatec wheel with pedals and now  racing with a Xbox 360 controller.I also tried lot of other racing games like Project Cars (to much of a sim for me), Test Drive Unlimited 2 (too big of an open world for me), Need for speed series (too arcade for my taste), but since I started playing GRID2 I was hooked. Thankfully that nice balance between Sim and Arcade is still there in GRID Autosport.If you think you're not an arcade racer, but also not somebody who want's to play it too hardcore like a Sim, this is the perfect game"
76561198132771977,Recommended,255220,21437671,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Boosting Service (?) #9003,Good game 9/10
,Recommended,255220,29078144,Posted: 6 January,all,AlphaWAV,"This game is AWESOME. Physics are on the dot, the game has a good single player campaign, cars handle as in real life, at least with the Xbox One Controller. Its very polished and I love the racenet boards where you can set times and scores and see how you stack up in teh world, no cheating there that I have seen (not like NFS:Shift, and DIRT3, lol those have tons of fake times online)Furthermore, the game just seems uber polished, I also bought Project Cars to compare but havent played it much yet, as an overall package I have to say this is #01 numero Uno as far as PC Driving games and realistic physics as compared to real life, but hey everyone is going to have a different opinion."
76561198197707022,Recommended,255220,20539868,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Starboost,The game runs smothly and its almost like Forza Motorsport 5. Just wish that the game had pit stops like in a real race.
,Recommended,255220,15722775,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,HurricaneBudgie,"haven't had the time to play this as much as I'd like to, but of what I have played its good fun, good racing. don't really like the drifting so much, its just not my style of racing."
76561198221435548,Recommended,255220,21879291,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,grizzly,Good game 😊😊
76561198166216015,Recommended,255220,22753078,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Trentatorium,"Great game! Graphics are good, great fps and not bug issues. I play the game quite frequently on play single player and online. Only downside to online is the other players crashing and taking you out on purpose. With single player the step between med ai and hard ai is quite big! but that just means i need to get better at the game,"
76561198033412003,Not Recommended,255220,14583330,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,zoran_SK,boring careerboring drive model
,Not Recommended,255220,13242147,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,gustavoms14,"Good game, but not pretty. Cockpit cam is a desaster (Race Driver Grid is much better). CODEMASTER have to fix this game. No mirrors, Blur, no head movements. If you are looking for a game more realistic, try Assetto Corsa, Project CARS or similars. Don't buy GRID Autosport."
,Recommended,255220,28015601,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,benis,Rip lightning mcqueen
,Not Recommended,255220,16829440,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Dune Tiger,"I have to admit that there is fun to be found here, but the game is still floaty as hell.  I honestly don't know what Codemasters is attempting to do.  With the first game, I thought they were going for the Forza/Gran Turismo market, which... they didn't succeed at.  With Grid 2, I have NO IDEA what the hell they were thinking.  So that brings us to Grid Autosport, which still doesn't seem to go for that sim feel, although it's much closer than Grid 2 ever was.  So if that's not the goal, this doesn't really feel like an arcade racer, either.  It just feels like a very pretty, but ultimately not-great racing game.  The entire series has an identity crisis, as if it doesn't know whether to be a sim or an arcade game, and that just leaves it teetering in the middle where nobody is going to be satisfied."
76561197970521313,Not Recommended,255220,26457558,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,casper139,"Game is an OK racer. You are forced to race all disciplines to advance. Drifting and endurance racing in this game is not good fun in my opinion, therefore I am forced to NOT have fun to advance. There are better racing games out there for me. Game is pretty and some modes I find fun."
,Not Recommended,255220,17703108,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Nitnargimmi,"Nope!  This game is offensively too broken to justify spending even $5 on if you intend to be chasing any sort of game progression or steam achievements.Sure, the racenet site is pretty terrible, does a poor job of barely handling the minimal functionality required to support the features for which it is needed.  Sure, the AI and other humans are often out of sync between gamers in the same multiplayer game.  Sure, you will usually find multiplayer lobby empty unless you switch your Steam download location to somewhere in the EU.  That's all relatively trivial next to the known save game corruption bug that's wiped out my progress twice within 6 months.Twice now, the game has rendered my save data corrupt.  Both times, this was after normal quitting of the game through the exit option in the menu.  This is apparently not uncommon, and has happened with a number of others.  None of the online racenet progress is actually stored online in any way that can be recovered.  Nor, for some reason, is the Steam cloud being leveraged to recover one's lost progress.Some gamers have recommended  disabling Steam Cloud support for the game, citing repeated failures by codemasters to handle it properly in other games.  Further, it's been recommended that users go through the hassle of digging into their C:\Program Files(x86)\Steam\Userdata\<steamuserid>\255220 to save backups regularly.After the first time it happened to me, I disabled Steam cloud support, and made a copy of the 255220 userdata folder on occasion.  I eventually got comfortable and a bit lazy, and had not backed up for some time, at which point it occurred again.Hundreds of online races, purchases, upgrades, and funds lost.  Hundreds of career races and progress lost.  No way to complete the missing achievements without first redoing all the lost effort to get back to where you were before your save game data was corrupted.I honestly think this game could be good if the publisher could be bothered to fix the handful of bugs plaguing it.   It appears the developer has no intention of fixing any bugs in the game at this point.  Though one could argue hours of fun racing did occur, resetting users' progress when they are halfway through the achievements... repeatedly... is absolutely not an acceptable situation.Most active developers update their games with bugfixes as the need arises.  Codemasters apparently feels this game is complete, bugs and all, and is focused on putting their efforts into releasing new paid-for content instead of fixing the glitches.I could say save yourself the money, but honestly, save yourself the wasted time chasing achievements, and save yourself the frustration and anger at a developer who took your money and doesn't seem to care that the game is broken.Trivial lackings in addition to the above* no choice of tires* no choice of weather* no choice of road surface (all tarmac)* limited online garage slots prevent owning all vehicles"
,Not Recommended,255220,28800652,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Belphegor,"Don't buy this game if you loved GRID1. This game feels soulless, the DLCs are pretty much unusable (every DLC is a separate driving category meaning you one car (!) is a separate car class so you basically have a race only with Nissan Skylines). This game brings almost nothing new to the table and it's a step back in few points compared to GRID1 or even GRID2."
,Not Recommended,255220,11626388,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,sirpepperoni,"games ♥♥♥♥ed, booted me to return to start a race with no wheel. i want my money back, i didnt buy a beta!!!!!"
,Recommended,255220,21658992,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SsXxX,"The equivalent of Dota 2 with CARS instead of Heroes !!a CSGO with out-brake instead of head-shot !!simply the best online multiplayer racing game ever, best of all the community is kind and welcoming :)the pure definition of addiction, forget about going to bed early XDdefinitely a must-have, only avoid if u dont wanna lose your job XDfeel free to add me if u wish to race online :)"
,Not Recommended,255220,10914472,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"It's an okay game to play in Single Player.  But the people Online ♥♥♥♥ing SUCK!  They want to WIN SO BADLY, yet They don't know what BRAKES are!  Not to mention some of the worst textures on rims and decals, i hate that."
76561197991403562,Not Recommended,255220,12837689,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,"0/10 for incomplete game and too much 'launch DLC'Limit on cars you can use in MP... BLOWS!!!!Multiplayer aspect is either non-functional or dead- started up the game to not be able to join ANY servers if ANY kind what so ever. Don't even try to blame user error. I'm not doing any stupid fix that codemasters should have done. Bottom line multiplayer DOESN'T WORK. If the game advertises that it does have MP functionality that is a straight up lie. Look up how many people can't join any servers and stupid fixes and let that speak for itself.Coming from a long time GRID 1 player (600+ hours) this game tried to address everyones outrage to how terriblke Grid 2 was. Welll... they tried but didn't listen to what the customers wanted. People straight up told them to copy Grid 1 physics and have a cockpit view. Guess What?They screwed both of those simple request up. Cockpit view is a half♥♥♥♥♥low quality job that is laughable by todays standards. Driving physics are bad.. not bad as grid 2 but they are not enjoyable like Grid 1. I enjoyed driving in grid 1, The cars feel off and are not anything like cars in Grid 1 were.Grid Autoport lacks the soul of its  predesessor, I feel ripped off they even put Grid in the title and tried to play it off like ""ohhh yea we understand Grid 2 was a big pile of steaming dog poo.. Here's grid autosport its like grid 1""Except it's not.. GG codemasters"
,Recommended,255220,14400785,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,123,"The best game about this is, it almost reality in the real world, i love to race, the difference between this game and the real world is only, there wasnt G-force.I like the graphic, its nicethe only thing that i hate about this game, you have to wait like 4-7 seconds to look at your car, its kinda not userfriendly. its so annoying when you have to wait 4-7 seconds everytime you want to look at your carother than that, i have no complain"
,Recommended,255220,14393934,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Steelclaw1313,"I couldn't decide if I wanted to recommend this game or not? After playing some racing sims, I started to not like this game as much; however, I can't say it's a bad game because other games are better, that'd be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review. The game itself is fun and challenging, but it's very arcade-like. More realistic than the other Grid games in the way that everyone's cars go the same speed, but it still doesn't feel like a sim, although it doesn't intend to be. So if you like arcade racing games, it's a gem, but if you prefer the realism from racing sims and are used to that, I don't recommend this."
,Recommended,255220,21919480,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,✪ Bl!ZzarD`,Best game to play with a simulator
,Recommended,255220,20210859,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ElPasmo,At last a good driver experience for linux!
76561197992705426,Recommended,255220,15902274,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,motogp12000,"this is the best racing game i've ever played. i always like codemasters racing, from Dirt to Grid. it runs very smooth even if my system is not high-end. the control is better than Grid one, more realistic. you don't need good computer to play this game."
,Recommended,255220,21780378,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ATF_PistonBroke,"I like the GRID series a lot, and I'm not really into racing games in general. This series always feels like a throwback game to a lot of people, myself included. It's a solid game, and certainly worth the price. I've played a lot of GRID 2, so I'm sure I'll enjoy this one as well. It's not a huge leap different from G2, from what I've seen so far. Buy it. You won't regret it, especially considering it's a bargain at this price."
,Recommended,255220,14393224,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SteerClear,"GRID Autosport is a very good game yet there's something missing from it. It could be because we've seen it all before, as there's nothing majorly brand new to the series in this game, however it does feel more like the original GRID than GRID 2. Which is a good thing for the original GRID's fans. A lot of tracks are repeated from GRID 1 & 2, but that's not a bad thing as most of these are the 'good' tracks including the made up San Francisco and Chicago one's.There's a nice selection of cars in game which beats its predecessors, I think, by quite a bit. A nice bit of variety, but no way near the amount of vehicles that you'd get in Forza or Gran Turismo. Then again there isn't really any need for that many. The handling of the cars is more similar to the original GRID with that essence of both arcade and simulation (GRID 2's was arcade) however it does lean more on the simulation side a bit more this time. This game was made in about a year as it came out due to complaints from the original GRID's fans. Oh it also has in- car cam in it now, more about that below in the Pro's & Con's bit:Pro's:Nice variety of cars/ disciplines- Touring Cars- Street Racers- Open Wheel & more.Graphics- As always, great graphics from Codemasters. Sharp and shiny.Lot's of tracks- Whether they be made up or real life, you will find a track that you like.Online- Is (I think) better than the Career mode. You can look up or set up custom sessions. But if you can't be bothered looking through things let it plough you face first in to a mixture of races! You can also be in clubs and change car skins/ livery's whatever you want to call it.Menu- I like the menu'sHandling- I think it's pretty damn good, no more drifting in every single car like in GRID 2.Con's:Music- Lack's music. GRID 1 & 2 had more variety and had a big part in the games.In- car cam- It's there, it's just blurry. There's also a dashboard cam. I'm not too bothered about it, I just don't get why they would have a good one in GRID 1 and not its sequels.Repeat tracks- Only bad for people who have played the other GRID's and want something new.AI- This one was difficult, they're nice and aggressive, but you can't help but feel they have the upper- hand some of the time. It's difficult to spin them out, but it's easy for them to do it to you.Career- A bit bland the further you go in to it, plus having a teamate makes you not want to have one. Also you can't make your own livery's."
,Recommended,255220,14566639,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,edgecrush3r,"Wowww.. Simply the best Oculus experience you can have in a racing game. I just bought this game to check out the experimental Oculus DK2 support! So far this has been one of the best VR experiences ever.. I didnt expect too much of it, but i was very suprised the support is realy realy good. Altough I didnt felt immersively overwelmed, this is one of the few games i can play for hours without any headaches and also a very very great game. not all menu's are supported, but the racing itself is a really awesome. Direct to Rift and Extended mode works perfect. Hope the GRID Team will keep on supporting Oculus, as its a truly remarkable experience!"
76561198094945704,Recommended,255220,13874959,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BCM082,"This is great racing game, I usually play forza a lot on my xbox, but after buying grid autosport, I never touched forza again. I have about 10 hours on this game so far, offilne is great, a love how they have selected types of racing you can choose from. Online is really fun, as for now i cant stop playing this game. It is really worth the price, i got only for about $10 on winter sale. Great game!!!!"
,Recommended,255220,13650834,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,-§L- Knighteye,G27 Wheel does work. I couldn't find Vibration settings. That's where the magic happens when using the wheel. Game is now good.
76561198024775981,Recommended,255220,15516202,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,zARb,"Great improvment over GRID 2, but still fails a bit short when compared to the first GRID."
76561197977263934,Recommended,255220,13750946,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tundark,Great Grid but still miss the Grid 1 multiplayer fun :/
,Recommended,255220,14422612,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Teslabot,"I wouldn't say this is in the same league as other sims like Assetto Corsa, Forza Motorsport, or GT, etc., but it is definitely a fun little racer. In fact this game does do one thing better than any other racing game I've played, and that's making me feel like I'm the racecar driver and not the car itself. All other racers I've felt like a sentient car born with an urge to go as fast around a track as possible. In Grid Autosport I feel like a driver racing for my team and trying to get the attention of better teams so I can further my career. It makes winning more satisfying and battling it out against rivals even more intense. Get it while it's on sale and you'll be pleasantly surprised."
76561198039111950,Recommended,255220,15000195,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Phase_2,"I didn't want to do a review of this so soon, but I had the torrent of this and logged a good 20 or so hours into it before it went on sale on Steam, so I think that is enough to have a good enough idea and experience to do one.First off the presentation of GAS is very well done. The introduction, the personalization and the way everything flows is very refreshing. The racing scene is pretty deep with various disciplines to choose from, though you will eventually have to do every one of them to get into the GRID series.The visuals are absolutely spectacular, especially for a game that only came out for PC and last gen consoles. GAS really shows off the best the EGO 3 engine has to offer and what's is capable of, even if it was built and made for 360/PS3.The AI is much improved over GRID 2 and the ""hard"" difficulties are actually a challenge for once. Codemasters said this was wheel to wheel racing and that it is.Before I dwell deeper into the review, here is a breakdown of the pros and cons IMO;+Graphics/Visuals+Sound+Presentation+Multiple Disciplines+Teammate-Forced Drifting-Upgrade System-Teammate (yes both a pro and a con)-Lack of detailed in-car cockpit view-Forced to play all disciplines-Some disciplines not as well done as others-Lacking car selection-Team OffersOne of the stand out negatives you will be faced with, is the fact you are forced to play all disciplines and some of those disciplines are clearly inferior to others. Open Wheel, Street and Touring are very well done and thought out. However Tuner and Endurance is a joke. Tuner would of been great, if it wasn't the one buzz kill and sole aspect that completely ruins the discipline and that is drifting. Drifting in this game, as most other games that incorporate it are utter trash and more work than it needs to be. Codemasters stated that GAS was ""bringing racing and the series back to its roots"". However, drifting is not grass roots racing, nor is it really racing at all. It is an extreme niche and is more of an art form then racing, and should of either been taken out completely or been an optional DLC add-on like Drag Racing is. I liked Drifting, 10 years ago when it was a fad....Some other notable negatives to touch on is the team mate mechanic. Though the presentation and potential is there, the execution is not. Not sure what the point of them really are, as more often than not, they suck and almost always bring your team rating down. They give you the option to assign various driving mechanics to them while racing like HOLD, PUSH and ATTACK, but I’ve found that none of the settings really matter and even on PUSH and ATTACK setting they still more often than not, drop back in the pack. I hope they expand more on this in later titles and have more customization for the player to fine tune teammate(s).The last thing I want to mention are the team offers and upgrades. Team offers are somewhat pointless as the only differences between them are the level of tuning you can do, XP you can earn and simple pre-installed upgrades already applied to the team cars. Why offer any type of ""upgrade"" mechanic if the player has no control over them, other than to take them off? Better teams have more upgrades pre-installed, but it's a roll of the dice on which ones you get and it seems to be based on what difficulty you had set the previous championship. i.e. you have better team offers and pre-installed upgrades the higher you set the difficulty,  which this alone is counter-productive. I always tend to set my racing games to the hardest they can be, but I am not everyone.All in all though this is a great game. By no means is this a racing simulator, but I would rank it up with Shift and Shift 2 as not a full on sim, but not a full on arcade racer either. Though at least with Shift 2 you have an upgrade system lol.Stunning visuals and sound will leave you wanting more. Plenty of real world tracks and rendered cities to race in with a mediocre amount of cars, but good enough selection, though some choice as to what cars we race in would been better.In the end I give this a 7 /10"
76561198014407530,Recommended,255220,14610144,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,(66),"OK So I am a GRID tragic, I played the first GRID right through career multiple times, got to Legend status online then started again multiple times, and thought there would never be as fun a simcade as GRID. So I had high hopes for GRID 2, eagerly awaited it while still churning out laps on GRID. GRID 2, put simply, was an abomination that Codemasters should be ashamed of. But then, to atone for their sins, along came GRID Autosport.It is everything GRID 2 should have been. I feel like Codies made this game purely to make up for the god awful retch of a game that was GRID 2. But Autosport delivers the original GRID experience, but expands upon it in so many new ways. Better models, tracks, detail, and racing. It is deep, challenging, and fun. I am playing through Career on Hard and though I get the odd win here and there, it is a struggle. Which means the learning curve and difficulty is almost spot on.The AI does not race like real racers do, however. They are way too aggressive, if you are on the racing line and ahead of them, they will hit you every time to put themselves on the racing line, often taking you out. It is a robotic AI, not so much a 'real racing' AI. But you have flashback, and once you become aware of how the AI drives and corners, you can work with it. It's not so bad as to become a real problem, plus as with all racing games, you can ALWAYS OUTBRAKE THE AI. I would love to find a racing game one day, where the AI throws caution to the wind and overtakes under brakes more aggressively than a human can. As with GRID Autosport, like most other racing games,  the game is won and lost in the corners, and who can outbrake the best.Once day, a racing game will realise this - and adjust to the way a human drives - or at least, combat outbraking by outmanoevering or using [prediction, as a real human racer does.But all in all... I love GRID Autosport. I use a Hyperdrive ockpit and Logitech MOMO Force wheel and pedals. Sometimes I will even put my motorbike helmet and gloves on to race. I'm that much of an e-racing Nerd. But I don't care.Thanks Codemasters, for delivering on the GRID Legacy. Just a shame you didn't also deliver it to next gen consoles.  Cause in a month or two, it's gonna be all about Project Cars and the Legacy of GRID will fade again. Until then, I'm still a Legend in my own Garage."
,Recommended,255220,14690456,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Ilya_Dimitriev,Very good game
,Recommended,255220,14673541,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,zigstum,"I'd love to write more, but... vrrrrrroooooooooommmmmm!"
,Recommended,255220,13532262,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jay,"One of the best [of the newest] racing games on the market. Has a nice mix of both arcade and simulation racing styles, mixes them together well. My only few problems with this game is how they have removed the option to create your own team in career mode, and you can only do this in multiplayer - which just insn't enough in my opinion. Also, dashcam/first person is absolutely awful.Other than that, a great racing game. In short, it's better than GRID 2 but not as good as GRID 1. More or less what I expected.7.5/10 - great fun none the less. Would recommend over other racing games on the market."
,Recommended,255220,13772150,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bashdash4,"It's fast and fun, has an arcade feel but realistic gameplay. The physics are nice and it's got all kinds of cars and different disciplines of racing for you to participate in. Somehow the game looks and runs better than F1 on my computer with low settings... Interesting.Anyways, can't wait for next-gen F1 and whatever Codies is doing next!"
,Recommended,255220,33993536,Posted: 3 August,all,LaplacE,Very challenging even on easy difficulty :v
76561198061609319,Recommended,255220,34982970,Posted: 15 September,all,amr.kassem,"I played this game for years. 130+ hours. It has its flaws for sure, but it's still it's my best racing game EVER!"
,Recommended,255220,25848351,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DeltaDox,The career mode is this game is jam packed with various discipline's enough to keep you entertained.Through the AI drivers are very aggressive (even on easy) the game is still very much enjoyable.
76561198167731797,Recommended,255220,28971615,Posted: 3 January,all,DoubleXL,Awesome gameEndurance mode is really frustating tho
,Recommended,255220,20628114,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,XBorgo,GRD Series are all greatest games!
,Recommended,255220,20817055,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,-TJ-,"Great game!Highly recommended by me!The point of the game is to win the race, earn money, buy new cars win races and etc. The multiplayer functionality works amazing!A downside is the interior view. It is blurred. They apparently blurred it so that when you race all you see is out the window and not the car. This is very good concept but it failed. Even when the car is stationary the interior is out of focus. The sad part is that they did spend time making the interior as it is HD from outside. I would have thought that because it failed they would remove it so that I would want to play First Person. Now I just use the hoods camera view instead."
,Recommended,255220,20819900,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,bruce.wayne,"GRID Autosport > GRIDGRID Autosport > GRID 2GRID > GRID 2This is a proper Arcade Simulator from Codemasters. This game has proper handling, unlike the handling in GRID 2 which caused you to drift into every corner, and high tier cars were just uncontrollable. This is not a simulator like NFS Shift 2 or Project CARS for that matter, but you can get it very close to those. I do love the new championship mode, it is much more fun than before. I have no idea why so many people hate this game, perhaps because they suck at it, you actually have to break before entering the corner, not drift into it. Think of this game as a step-down from F1. I would definitely recommend this game over GRID and GRID 2."
76561198047909180,Recommended,255220,21196994,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DarkMatter,"Heaps of DLC, realistic handling and much better AI than Previous Grid Games.Better mutiplayer with AI cars to fill in for humsn drivers."
,Recommended,255220,21800301,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Snerus,Its really good for spending some time..and its competitive too..insane graphics :o
,Recommended,255220,21805237,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SnowflakesBeware!:LOUD&NOISY,This game is light years ahead of that Assetto racing game which I'm ashamed to say I wasted my money on.  Get GRID Autosport now while its on sale for under 10 bucks.
76561198183539891,Recommended,255220,21883847,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DArk,fun to play
,Recommended,255220,21133675,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,clea leshlick,"great graphics, audio, GUI, great optimisation compared to project cars, nfs rivals"
76561198262685579,Recommended,255220,21345580,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,p_ninety,"Overall rating: 8/10RACING:GRID Autosport is not at all like GRID 2. Drifting is slow where as a smooth and clean racing line gives you the fastest lap possible. The difficulty is perfect for me. I'm playing on the ""very hard"" difficulty and winning a race is really difficult which is why my win rate is like 15%. For me, this is great because winning feels like a great success and does not become normal.The AI fights with you around every corner. Oftentimes, they crash into me and all of a sudden I'm no longer 4th but last in the grid. That is very frustrating. Sometimes, it might be better not to fight too hard but just to let the faster car pass and savely drive at your pace. But fighting against the AI makes a lot of fun because they try not to let you pass and stuff.CAREER:The career is okay. It's dumb that you only earn XP. That way, you cannot really achieve anything. The only way you ""rank up"" is by getting XP and then competing in more advanced cups. Also, if you did good in a cup, team offers will change to more successful teams and the demands a team offers are higher.So actually, the only thing that I don't like about this game is that there is no real story to the career. But if you just want to race, it's a great game.I'm playing with a controller and it works just fine."
76561198041210608,Recommended,255220,21859511,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Juurus,"Wow, it's really well optimized and fun to play"
76561198000902042,Recommended,255220,21887141,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Pablo,"Richtig geniales Spiel, auch wenn die Grafik ein wenig veraltet ist. Spiele es im Multiplayer, was unglaublich viel Spass macht."
76561198177071890,Recommended,255220,21793299,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Spart,Great game very cheap at the moment worth the money
76561198001312368,Recommended,255220,21404669,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,9./JG26_Rich,"Beautiful and smooth gameplay. Better than average A.I. and you will find yourself mid-pack a lot which is great fun.To me this seemed like Dirt3 but on Tarmac with lots of grip and a bigger field. Much better handling than Grid 2.My system was a MSI GS60 ghost,  i7 4700hq @ 2.5ghz with 850gtx graphics and this was the best optimised game I found running on high settings at 60fps no problem."
76561198267205692,Recommended,255220,21791680,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SMK96,"For no apparent reason the game just quits its game and you retun to your steam app which is a major fault and your data doesnt get saved for that reason as well but it saves normally when the game doesnt  crash  , other than that its a decent game"
,Recommended,255220,18691033,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,「ａｂｙｓｓｗａｌｋｅｒ」 「ｍｕｔｅｄ」,"Pros:+Beautiful graphics+Great performance/optimization+Authentic car exterior models and sounds+Big selection of cars+Great career mode+Fun online play and great netcode+No rubberband AICons:-Blurry interior and static dashboard-No pitstop-Endurance racing is poorly designed-Lack of details in car model-Mediocre AIIn overall, great arcadey racing game. Could use some improvement but very enjoyable at current state.7/10"
76561198020933633,Recommended,255220,20331805,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,WAYTOSEXY (1) ツ twitch.tv/GI_J03,"GRID is a racing game that perfectly compromises a blend of realism and arcade racing all in 1.It's neither like the typical arcady Daytona experience, nor is it a full-on simulator like Forza.It combines the best of both worlds and you will be at access to lots of cars in the modern world at your disposal.The fact that it had my Subaru BRZ in it makes it all the more sweeter (and yes I can tell you it handles similarly in-game as my car does in real life - it is that fun and good)."
,Recommended,255220,18600930,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Mr. Red Pants,Fantastic simulator racer with arcade sprinled on top. Probably the closest you can get to a sim racer while still using a controller. The gameplay feels great and graphics are fantastic. Only downsides are that the AI can be a tad too aggressive and multiplayer lobies are now dead. The campaign and new racenet challenges every week are fun and provide a lot of gameplay. Overall my favourite racing game to date.
,Recommended,255220,18696800,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,I-tallion STALLION,"If you're expecting a realistic racing simulator, or a relaxing experience, go elsewhere.Grid Autosport is very arcade-y, the career mode is well set up, and it's great fun to pick up and play, but it's not a detailed racing game for detailed racing game fans.The AI is absolutely crazy, full throttle full contact crazy. If you're on the racing line and they want to be on the racing line, you're going to have a bad time.The only way to get ahead is by forcing your way through. You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.All in all, a good fun game to play, but not for the serious racing game enthusiast."
76561198136309396,Recommended,255220,18211698,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,o2shots,"This is my first Grid game I've played. I enjoy it a lot, definitely more difficult than need for speed. Realistic in my eyes, and I only use a controller, definitely will upgrade to a wheel soon."
76561198156345973,Recommended,255220,16520876,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr_Magoo,"ive only played a small time on grid so far but already i can see its a great game.Pros:Good soundsuser freindly interfacegood amount of career to work thruCons:the handling is like driving on meatballsthe interior views are not very good and set to high in the cari understand peoples rage about the handling but the faster the cars u get the better it becomes, the handling just think that ur cornering hard all the time cause the back end of the car comes around with the front even with the slightest tap of the controllerall in all a great game but the handiling does need work"
,Recommended,255220,21120586,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Blade Runner,"Purchased this game because it is available for Linux.   I have owned  and played Codemasters games (Dirt and others) in the past and was quite impressed, so my expectations were quite high...  Installation went well on Ubuntu 14.04LTS (Specs: I3, 3Ghz, 16GB RAM, nVidia GTX250 ""Dark Knight"" 1GB). nVidia 340 proprietary driver.Game started fine and I was able to access options menu and configure my Logitech G25 wheel.   BONUS!Started the first race with great expectations.....   Oops.   Black screen.   Sounds in background....  Crash.After some messing around,  managed to get the game working in very basic graphics mode using open source Linux driver.....  Game plays with minimal graphics at~40fps....Love the game,  but obviously the graphics need fixing on Linux.Later Edit:Installed the game on a better computer (i7, 930, 2.8Ghz, 12GB DDR 1600 RAM, nVidia Gforce GTX 760 & nVidia Linux driver) and it runs very well.  Still can't run it on the highest graphics settings but am getting ~50 -60 fps on high.The good stuff:I like the variety of races, tracks and cars.  I like the idea of being offered a contract to drive for various teams and even though the choice is limited (2 teams at a time), but this is mostly a good thing as it makes the choice easy.I like the graphics effects, dust, smoke, car parts flying around....  etc.  I prefer to use the internal camera view and like that there are two options.  Others have commented on the quality of the internal dash graphics but I can appreciate that if you are focussed on the road ahead, the dash would be out of focus and is not important anyway....  so it works for me.As mentioned above, my Logitech G25 is recognised and works well, including Force Feedback (a big plus on Linux!)...  more on this below.The not so good stuff:The AI drivers are very aggressive.  I have fought to gain a respectable position near, or at the front of the pack, only to be shunted out of the way on the last lap with no way to catch up again..... Frustrating!  Put it this way, if I ran a club and other members of that club drove the way the AI do in this game, I would kick them out of the club!I know there is a flasback option but I find myself using this more to 'correct' problems with aggressive AI behaviour than I do to fix my own mistakes.The game (Linux version) does not store or remember my Wheel settings, so I have to go in an reset everything everytime I start the game.   There is a preset option for Logitech G25 but it is all wrong for my setup?OVERALL:I recommend the game to anyone who enjoys racing without the extensive tuning and tweaking required by some other racing games.  Just jump in a go.Be prepared to fight to gain and hold your postion.   The AI play rough!It works well on Ubuntu 14.04 (with appropriate hardware)...."
76561197990380389,Recommended,255220,20616296,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kevin,Works perfect on linux using a wireless PS4 controller.Had to use the beta (available from vendor support) to use xbox 360 controller (issue with game crashing).Great game!  Great Linux support!
76561198131356735,Recommended,255220,20959038,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,rochu2,"Great rally game! Load of fun, realistic driving controls."
,Recommended,255220,33964151,Posted: 1 August,all,PanzernKern,"Five styles of driving all done justice with one of the most violent and emergent racing engines available make GRID Autosport a compelling title for both car enthusiasts and petrol heads alike. Even if your interest in cars is merely fleeting, GRID Autosport juggles realism and aggressive satisfaction to deliver an intoxicating mix somewhere between the joy of an arcade racer and the science of a true sim."
,Not Recommended,255220,13938933,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Barend,"Bad wheel settings, bad driving physics with a wheel, bad dashboards etc....The game is not good enough to go through the hassle of getting good wheel settings. the weight of cars is all over the place. Really annoying ai that brake in the most stupid places and have no clue what is going on around them.Playing with a pad its ok, you cant feel the stupid physics as much.Worth the £6 i paid in the sale maybe.Shame on you codemasters for this blatant cash grab."
,Recommended,255220,22271509,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,estxcrew,>Glitch out in C1 Drift finals against ravenwest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>see the ravenwest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s drift scores instead of my own>Not even getting over 100k points per section and starts drifting at the same time as me on the run where I have to go first>getting over 200k points for every section myself>reset and do the race again unglitched>ravenwest guy has 500 000 points more than meamazing game.
,Recommended,255220,29234767,Posted: 13 January,all,Bert,"Can make the narrator call me ""Boo""10/10 I'm done."
76561198107681236,Recommended,255220,16432280,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hitman Braun,I's a good game but I prefer Codies F1 series and Project Cars a close second. But worth the buy if you are a racing nut like me ! ! !
,Recommended,255220,34090437,Posted: 7 August,all,Janimokkis,"As a huge racing simcade fan, this game improve stability and more control on the car in comparison with previous releases. I like a lot the way that the gameplay was planned: events through series. Each race include practice for 10-minutes and qualify, so, if you are going to ""master race"" you must practice and qualify a lot."
,Recommended,255220,10942609,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Recoil (U) twitch.tv/Recoil1984,"Greatly improved from Grid 2, more realistic handling and with the high res DLC (which is free) the gfx are awesome :)If you like racing this is a must have game :)"
76561198034700281,Recommended,255220,13149252,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pinnt,"I waited way too many months before purchasing this game (due to mixed reviews of it). To the people that complain about the driving mechanics and the poor quality of interior views - youre wrong. That's all I have to say! Great game, physics are well done and work to replicate realistic high-performance driving, and the interiors work because youre focusing on where your car is going, not whats on your dash. Good job Codemasters!"
,Not Recommended,255220,15342008,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,AntBuk,"This game is very bad! With everyone set to very easy i still come last. When the race starts every other car takes off heaps faster than me. PLEASE HELP!!!!! It looks like a good game, but don't be foolled it bad.Please help!!! is there any way to fix this."
,Recommended,255220,12943540,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Paul,"The Grid series is about fun. I haven't decided if Autosport is better than the original, but it's doing it right. The AI does some wonky things from time to time, but so do actual dumb people online. Where it counts, though, the Grid series is really satisfying.Grid—1, 2,andAutosport (among other Codemasters games)—are enjoyable, challenging, and compelling. That's what I'm looking for."
,Recommended,255220,17982920,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Xaba1993,Best race game :) + for drift and realistic graphics.
,Recommended,255220,14090446,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,JBLivin,"it's well worth 10 bucks, get it and lets play online"
76561198106751228,Recommended,255220,26435537,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wAs.Soilwork,One of the most fun and diverse racing games out there atm.
,Not Recommended,255220,34072188,Posted: 6 August,all,Rwarcards762,"If you are running Windows 10 and plan to play this game with a racing wheel, DON'T BUY IT.So, in Windows 10, GRID Autosport will not recognize any inputs from my G27.In compatibility mode for Windows 8, GRID recognizes inputs but running the game through compatability mode causes massive framerate drops and massive/unplayable input lag.If this game ran on Windows 10 without compatability mode being needed, I would probably recommend this. But considering I can't play it with my G27, the sole reason I bought GRID Autosport on sale, I can't recommend it."
76561198014659127,Recommended,255220,10875903,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Mogadon Moustache,"ok, this is not an average review. i will not mention other grid titles. i am reviewing this game as a game in its own right. this game is not a simulator. if you want a sim get a sim. this isn't an arcade racer though either. it cuts a happy medium. the handling is somehwre between assetto corsa and nfs: shift2 unleashed. its very accessible, but very rewarding and has subtleties and nuances that will have you clenching♥♥♥♥♥cheeks and leaning in your chair. the racing is great. the AI isn't bad. a bit ruthless at times, but then so are you. the amount of different races is fantastic. plenty to do. the graphics are excellent, and it runs really well. no hitching or stuttering. no obvious glitches. menu system is great. joypad integration is faultless, and the cars handle perfectly well without having to fiddle with deadzones and gamma. you'll see no twitchy driver hands here thankyou assetto corsa. the cockpit view which seems in contention is fine. press the view button enough times and you get a set back view where you can see the steering wheel. its fine. overall i would rate this game a 9 out of 10."
76561198100633229,Recommended,255220,12087360,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,roll8,"I like this game. First, I'm so exited that i can finaly tune my car! My favorite type of race in the game is the Street Race and after the Touring race, and I find these twe the most exiting part of the game! The gameplay is very good and compined with the tuning part it's getting even better. I would be happy if there was a way to do my one team later on the career instead of racing always for other teams. One thing that i don't like it's the way that the replay shows too much copkit view, the hud view and the rear spoiler and it shows less from a view that you can see the whole car and the other cars around you! Also, I really think it should have more manufactures and more cars like Subaru Impreza WRX STI, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, Porsche, Lamborghini, Toyota Supra, newer models of Camaro and Corvette, Haven't played much multiplayer yet so I can't say much but all the times i had played with others there was no lag and we were more that 10 people in one race! I personaly believe this game is worthy and it's a very good racing game but always alla of us willl have something that we don't like in any game like i mentioned before the things i don't like and the things i like!"
76561197985220170,Not Recommended,255220,12104269,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Berserk_NOR,Unable to adjust downforce front and rear separatly even on serious race cars. No toe adjustments possible and no camber. The basic setup is nervous and unstable. Basically the game is a arcade game and thus useless for anything but kids..
,Recommended,255220,20209390,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NeoN,"Haven't played much yet, but so far looking fantastic and working almost flawlessly on a 2011 15"" Macbook Pro with Retina Display (El Capitan).I'll probably leave a more elaborated review once I gain more playtime, but i'd just like to thank the teams involved (I believe it was Feral Interactive, but thanks to Codemasters too for hiring them) for porting GRID Autosport to Mac OS X and Linux systems. One of the few racing games out there that do, and thanks for that!Enjoying it a lot so far! ;)"
,Not Recommended,255220,13337482,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PizzaSubCombo,"Poor AI, an abundance of DLC, and an outdated, bland career mode. Stick with the original game."
,Recommended,255220,32332965,Posted: 10 June,all,❤ S4sHk499 ❤,Really quality game!
76561197971060435,Not Recommended,255220,24919499,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Fire Priest,"Picked this up in a sale a while ago and have started a new career 3 times now. Initially I had constant crashes and could only play 2 races at a time which corrupted my save data. Now I have had an error (which appears to be common online) that appears to be Windows 10 related: The game does not start unless Steam is asked to verify the integrity of local content before lauching. However, this has now corrupted my save data again.Buggy mess with Windows 10. I won't be trying to play this anymore.Shame because I loved the original Racedriver: Grid and was looking forward to getting my teeth back into one of these games."
,Not Recommended,255220,11708210,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Casarix,"I really legitimately wanted to enjoy this game. But in all honesty, I feel like it's just the maps lifted from Grid 2 with a Grid 1 kinda-season on it that doesn't even match what Grid 1 actually had. I only really found two of the racing types actually fun- some just feel bad to control. Endurance racing is the worst- why have tire wear only in one game mode, which you then can do nothing about because there's no pit stops? Those are kind of important in endurance racing.In a word, Argh. Codemasters continues a slow, sad slide."
,Recommended,255220,13412024,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TheManko,"Grid Autosport is tantalizingly close to being great. All the ingredients are there. Impressive technical competency, a large amount of content, outstanding attention to detail in graphics & audio. But it fails at the fundamentals. The driving just isn’t as fun and interesting as it is in Gran Turismo or Forza.In order to make a track racing game interesting over the long haul, the tiniest details need to be just right. Not only does the underlying physics model need to be complex, but it needs to be communicated to the player just right so they can instinctively feel what’s going on. The camera angle plays a huge part in this, which is easy to demonstrate in Gran Turismo. In Gran Turismo the bumper cam is the defacto way to play the game. The alternative angles, like behind the car, are all hilariously awful in execution. You can’t see properly where you’re going, it’s completely stiff in an almost unnerving way. When you use the bumper cam you can see the car rearing back, diving forwards, tilting to the sides, all in subtle ways which tell you how stable the car is, or if you’re about to spin out etc.Grid Autosport feels simplistic. It isn’t complex enough, it’s too smooth. It’s almost hard to nail down exactly what it does wrong, because there’s plenty of great arcade racing games which aren’t boring. They’re usually much faster than Grid Autosport. Like the original Grid which met criticism from simulator fans who thought it felt like a racing sim sped up to 200% speed. I loved that aspect of it! When you drive down the same tracks in Grid Autosport at a more realistic speed, you’re given time to reflect on how nothing interesting is going on in the game. In Gran Turismo it’s engaging to drive slow piece of crap cars thanks to the exceptional feel of the physics. In Grid Autosport I’m struggling to be excited about the fastest cars in the world.The career mode in Grid Autosport is easily 50+ hours long, and I will never finish it. The game isn’t good enough to hold my interest. When I first got the game I played it a lot. Now I fire it up once a month and play it for a hour or two. That’s the level of engagement I get from it. And that’s fine! It has its merits, which make it a nice experience. But when their novelty fades, you’re left with only the underlying game to carry it. That’s where it fails.Despite this, I’m recommending it. It’s ok! Good enough to grab on sale. The first 10 hours or so are great. It’s only after that the tedium hits you like a ton of bricks."
,Recommended,255220,11933649,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Wallin,"The game is a lot of fun, when it comes to the realism, and is in many ways similar to Grid. Grid though, is somewhat old now, but believe it or not, the AI worked pretty well in the first game. In Grid autosport, that is not the case, they have somehow gotten worse. The AI takes no account for you being on the track too, AT ALL. The game is a lot of fun, when playing against players, but when I bought this game I had hoped singleplayer would be just as fun, maybe even better then the first one, which had me entertained for a very long time. The way the difficulty works in this game, isn't how good the AI is at driving, which it should be, when you turn up the difficulty, their cars are simply faster than your car, and impacts doesn't throw them off course, which it most certainly does to the player. I can only hope, since this is a fairly new game, that these things are problems they will be fixed through updates, this game could be so much more fun, and it would be a shame for this game to never reach the same level as the first Grid, because if not, this will be the last Grid game we might ever see, since no one can afford to very bad games in a row."
,Recommended,255220,12018797,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,<§> Sub,Love it. The handling and physics suit me perfectly and it has Time Trial mode for obsessively slicing seconds off best laps.
76561198074734624,Recommended,255220,12104181,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Spazzbucket,"One of the most realistic driving/racing sims I have ever played, look away for half a second and into a wall you go. I actually have to concentrate to make good time and not spin out/hit walls. everything a driving sim should be, it has."
,Recommended,255220,10877417,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Spongebob is a tampon,The player's driving in this game is so bad and toxic until I erected a third♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The 2nd♥♥♥♥♥♥♥was from Grid 2.I recommend it because it's better to be a horrible driver in game than in real life.
76561197960478509,Not Recommended,255220,10887061,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Beekay,"If you want a game that is better than Grid2, then you will be happy.If you never played any Grid and like an arcade/ish racing sim, you might be happy.If you want a game that is like Grid1, leave it.Being a great fan of Grid1, I was extremely disappointed by this game.The major parts of Grid are lost.---+ Graphics are nice (with DLC)+ Sound is good+ lots of cars & tracks+ online racing clubs+ damage system, repairs, wearing out parts+/- tuning options (finally implemented, but personal settings are treated like buyable parts, which is nonsense)+/- ""cockpit"" view (just blurred out, low quality cockpit, no usable instruments)- No Singleplayer Club / Teammanagement- You're not able to choose one single type of races for your seasons- AI sticks to the ideal line and is super agressive, but doesn't get punished when leaving the track- You get punished when being slightly off the course (car is slowed down)- Drifting courses are tiny and boring compared to Grid1- points in drifts get lost when you hit the bonus flags (you should just not get the bonus as in G1)- Multiplayer car setups are not for free (you must earn experience AND money to free those sliders for every single car)"
76561198026395924,Not Recommended,255220,22579192,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Captain Watchful Flowers,"Pretty mediocre game all around, and a lot of the racing feels tedious and unengaging. The ""Endurance"" series is required if you want to progress in the game, and in that series tire wear is simulated, which is great, except the tires wear super fast, and the wear doesn't seem to affect the AI. Handling in other series' is dull, with the exception of the open wheel championships, which are probably the only series actually worth playing.I would only recommend buying this if the price is $5 or less."
76561198068723455,Not Recommended,255220,23900646,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lord Counta,"Unlike the other games in the GRID series, this one has no fun customization, no team management and worse of all; NO proper randomization of starting position on the grid. Being put dead last in a race is a huge killer om my nerves. **** that. And the AI is... weird. The difficulty settings seems to only adjust their aggressiveness. That means that when you start the race, you have to drive like a madman to the front of the pack, and suddenly you find yourself stuck behind a pair of AI who drive fairly orderly, but fast as hell. You end up with position 6, your teammate at 14 and you hate the setup.The positive things are easily numbered. The graphics are great, the driving experience is great, the in-race ""interactive"" voices and team member orders... well that's about it.This game supremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I played GRID 1 like a fanatic. I loved it. Grid 2 was also great. But this... this is several steps back in the ****** wrong direction. Besides the playback feature, this game has nearly nothing to compete with against other racing games. Nothing."
76561198024988911,Recommended,255220,13732078,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,NarcedCephlapod,Realistic physics while maintaing the fun factor.This game is VERY well optimized for all GPUsRuns 100fps on ultra everythhing with my 970.Hours of fun.
,Recommended,255220,16646796,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,_SwitZ_,1 of the best racing game...graphic and game engine is good...
,Recommended,255220,13196168,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,HUșșEIN29,the game is very nice .but it miss somethingexample:  map an open worldi give it 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,255220,11757821,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Fl3sh,"Like many others I was a huge fan of the original GRID. Like many other I thought Grid 2 was a huge misstep. Like many others I think this is even worse. Welcome to the new era of annual releases packed with day 1 DLC. I definitely do not recommend this game.The career is a farce, in my opinion. You don't progress or improve so much as you simply pick a new team in between every race, and drive a borrowed car. There's no sense of ownership in your accomplishments; the online is no better.Don't listen to what Codemasters says about listening to the community. It's all nonsense. The cars handle the same as G2, the career is infinitely more bland, the AI still attempts to kill you at every turn, and the online has no accountable match making system.My advice would be to simply re-play GRID 1. It's still the superior experience.A waste, and a squandered opportunity. This will be my last Codemasters racing game purchase for a long time. They've got a lot of work to do to earn my trust back."
,Recommended,255220,11149772,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Jesus McTwos,"Great game as always from codemaster, AI is stunning, defends all lines and blocks quite aggressivly, Using with Logitech Driving foce GT wheel, Wheel works perfectly, excellent enviromental feedback, great selection of cars and track, Hiighly recommended  A++ :)"
76561198052270438,Recommended,255220,11357966,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mark Whaleburger,really fun racer you can get lots of enjoyment out of this game
76561197977103369,Recommended,255220,11232620,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sykoste,"More simulation than previous Grid versions, and a move in the right direction. Very good graphics and damage physics as usual with a huge scope of race types and events. A lot more content expected on DLC, but more than enough to keep you entertained from the standard purchase too.One of the best driving games for PC at the moment. A good balance between realism and playability. Well done codemasters. The replay system is very cool and the AI are very realistic. Drivers seem to get annoyed if you push them a lot and they start to retalliate."
76561198070567075,Recommended,255220,14112603,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Doobious Sly,"Just an everday casual racer here.Grid 2. An arcade racer. Simple. Looks Gorgeous. Physics match well to the gameplay. People complain about the dash view being blurry and los res, I think it's great. Having it blurred and a crisp viewing windview(some have bug splatter) gives you the feeling of focus and in the moment. Plus you have digital gauges displayed there anyways. I'm a Time Attack guy so i cant say too much on online play other then it works.ONLY true ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing is DLC that should have been in the game at the start."
76561198134646141,Recommended,255220,21928052,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,♆Coral♆,This game gives me more rage than counter strike go. I have aids now tottaly recomend this.
76561197966718034,Recommended,255220,14334952,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PickLock,"I'm a beautiful ice skating princess, watch me glide!"
,Not Recommended,255220,14179565,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ぜろおね:01,"The ♥♥♥♥ed this one up too, as they did with Grid 2. Same stupid penalty system that ruins the whole game for me. I'd rather play ""Grid"" or any other ""arcade like sim-racer"" game."
76561198114291547,Recommended,255220,12945570,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,p51rafferty,I love playing this game. It has a lot of cars to choose from and really nice graphics. There are a lot of races in the career mode. There is good amount of tuning and upgrades for your cars. Online playing is fun because you can race up to 11 friends and their are racenet challenges (which are good ways to earn money during multiplier/online).If you want anyone to play with join GASR group.
,Recommended,255220,13969821,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Witti,"After these super disappointing GRID 2 physics a casual-simulatior race game is here.AI is okay, I didn't experience this super aggresive AI some other people complained about and online only a few players drive like Rambo. So I recommend it because it's a good racing game."
,Recommended,255220,18028104,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Jony-,Good game
,Recommended,255220,24237865,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,XxGodlyxX,"First off the AI in this game is horrible, I’m surprised they can even make it to the finish line. The AI is very aggressive and when the difficulty is turned up it seems to only make them more aggressive. If you are playing this game alone then I would still recommend this game but only on sale it but if you have a friend(s) and know how the AI plays the game becomes fun only because of how bad it is. I would only get this game if it is on sale or if you have someone to play with. 6/10Pros:Great soundGreat graphics (has a free 4k car texture pack)Beautiful tracksFun drifting (Hard AF though, at least for me)Cons:AI is just stupidYou lose money even driving clean racesNo cockpitKeyboard controls are horribleThis is a video that I recorded, I know I am not the best drive I was just having fun.https://youtu.be/WA4_yOUR45A"
76561198018669690,Recommended,255220,13592389,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kinsman,"A very solid racing game indeed. It comes highly recommended from me. Codemasters have been perfecting their racing games for many years and this one is perhaps the best, I think since TOCA 2. Brilliant car physics for both the open wheelers and the tin-tops. A great damage engine, the graphics are the best yet in the Grid series. If you like arcade style racing and or doing your car up with shiny decals and nos look elsewhere. This is a serious racing game. Not as serious as R Factor but it does suit someone that is a fan of motorsport and understands the sports subtleties. For me its a good thing, but for a NFS fan it might not be so. Although there is a nod to arcade racing with the 'tuner' and 'street' classes this Grid title also gives back more to the anoraks than previous incarnations.Where the game is a real winner in the longevity stakes; is the online mode. I have had some dramatic and close races online with some serious game racing competition, you are able to run nose to tail and dice to the flag.The AI are pretty good. Probably one of the best AI in a racing game although they are no match for myself of course they can fight back and hold their line. One of the things I find an issue with many racing games AI is that they are too tentative when attempting to overtake. Not shy in this game however!The Grid series was for me a little pretentious in places. Especially Grid 2 where it seemed almost every car could only driven with an annoying arcade style drifting style. Not so here. Just like real racings its all about braking, taking the apex nicely and getting the power down fast out of the corner minimising wheelspin. You can even adjust the setup so this can be done smoother although that aspect is fairly simple this is surely a good thing to everyone except a car mechanic.The handling on most codemasters racing games is very good. The rally style handling of the Colin Mcrae games really was spot on and they have always seemed to have a good grasp on that aspect of racing since. Where GTA and Forza often seem to suffer from box-like understeer or wild oversteer you can really get a nice feel for most of the vehicles in Grid. Realistic or not they are satisfying to use.You will however get more than a hint of deja vu if you have bought the previous Grid games. This is more of an update of the previous incarnations than a new game. For me though for the price you cannot argue. The game bears the name of a popular motorsport magazine and herein lies the key difference in the Grid series that makes this one stand out. The racing is a sober and realistic (without being too realistic). They have stopped trying to copy Need For Speed and actually produced something reminiscent Codemasters great racing games of old. As a bit of a purist I wasn't sure about the rewind feature, although on reflection I think its actually quite handy. Especially in a long race against the computer cars (where you would have had to restart the race on older games).There is a wide selection of cars and tracks on offer. I think this is where the game progressing from the earlier titles comes in handy, since much of the old content has simply been given a lick of paint whilst new machinery has been added on top of that. The tin tops and open wheelers both handle characteristic to their class. Such great tracks as Spa, Brands Hatch and Hockenheim are all beautifully rendered.The damage engine much like previous Grid games is very satisfying. The only game that I recall that comes close to its level of intricacy is on of the recent GTA games. You can enjoy some epic and frightiningly realistic looking shunts. Here is also where improved technology in the visual department is beneficial. The sense of speed is more tangible than ever and when you do get it very wrong you thank your lucky stars its a game and you are not inside the roll-cage!I am not a moaner and realise you don't always get what you want in life. But if I had to criticize this game I would probably say I would have liked a few more real permanent circuits (even if that meant less fictional street circuits.)  Also to complete career mode you have to total every class of racing in the game. Certain classes I like and certain ones not so much so they became somewhat of a chore. I also think the endurance class was quite interesting but they missed an opportunity to put in much longer truer enduro racing with pit-stops. Pit stops were one of the reasons TOCA 2 is one of my all-time favorite games.Overall this is a game for race fans by race fans and they have done a tidy job."
,Recommended,255220,19606184,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Zergkäsepony,Good Game. Good Physics. available for Linux.What else do you want
76561198222507064,Recommended,255220,19437139,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,matuoka,"A great racing game. Highly recommend!70/30 sim/arcade roughly, with better and more demanding control than GRID 1. But due to friendly design of assists and difficulty selecion, it's not very hard to get started with so don't worry.Very challenging and funny experiences competing with other AI teams, especially Ravenwest.5 different disciplines (even more with DLCs) for driving so that you can have diverse game experience.If you're a racing game lover, expecting both enjoyment and a little challenge, this is what you're looking for."
,Recommended,255220,15721463,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,My Shiny Metal Ass,"8/10 Brings back the feeling of the old arcade eruo racing but with enhanced graphics. Be, is kind of a dlc hog. Makes you miss the old days when all the cars were eventually unlockable by beating the game instead of having to purchase ""car packs""  or a season pass. Other than that the handling is pretty realistic."
76561198111247681,Recommended,255220,11093336,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DistantVoid,This game is awesome.  Graphics and sound Excellent.  Game modes are fun.  Online play could use more people but hey its still a rather new release.
76561198122932291,Recommended,255220,11111082,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Voices of the Viper,"Another Grid game, I have played all the Grid and Dirt games.Pro's: Nice graphics if your pc can handle them. Good controls for pc controllers and the xbox 360 pc controller does very well. The Logitech G27 works well but you might need to do some tweaking. For hardcore racers you will know a lot of the tracks from other racing games. Sound is awesome again in my opinion. There are day races and even some night time races as well. A ton of cars to choose from! Multiplayer runs nice and smooth and i have come across a lot of clean drivers.Cons: Single player cars DO NOT carry over to multiplayer.. Some people have mic issues with massive echoing etc. People can be easily voted out of rooms if they are bad drivers. Sometimes people that win all the time are also booted which i don't agree with. Starting out in multiplayer can be pretty confusing and you have limited garage room.The game is overall good and would recommend this game for fans of the series and racing!"
,Recommended,255220,11075160,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Hallowenman,"I don't like to write reviews for a game if I have less than 4 hours of gameplay, but I'll do it anyway. (106 minutes when writing this).If you're looking for a racing sim: this is the wrong game for you. If you're looking for a fun arcade racing game: you could try this game, but Need for Speed or Grid 2 would be recommended if you're an arcade racer. This game is in the middle of being a racing sim and being an arcade game.You have to be able to control a fast racing car on track to play this game, but you don't need to driver super realistic. Sliding a bit trough corners are OK, but you have to fight cars in this game more than in Grid 2. I, my self, am a fan of the racing sim games, those were you have to hit braking points and apexes about perfect to have a chance, where sliding trough corners isn't the fastest way to finish. For me this game is fun to play, but not a game that satifies my racing sim needs. This game is just for fun in my opinion, not a game where you try your hardest.AI may not be perfect, they love to drive into you hard or gentle, enough to make you annoyed at some times. ALWAYS be careful when overtaking or defending. The game still is fun though, but again: just for fun, not a game for the hardcore sim racers.The game runs very nicely on my computer, with high graphic setting. Average FPS on a decent gaming PC with high graphics can be between 45 and 50 FPS, so its fine.I would recommend this game, but remember: not a sim racing game for those of you who want that. Don't expect that. Handling is much better than arcade games though, so its not too unrealistic."
,Recommended,255220,11085139,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,IceMarbles,"Bloody good game. I was skeptical at first, but the more I play it, the more well designed I think it is.I read an article that Codemasters designed the game to be a mix between sim and arcade, trying to hit a sweet spot. I think they did a bang up job. The racing is solid. Cars take damage and you can check the condition. When car parts like bumpers and side view mirrors come off, they hit the road and bounce just like they would in real life. The single player is a lot of fun.Now here's some important info. You do level up in the game, and how many points you get is determined by what options you have on that make driving easier. The game takes away bonus point percentage if you are driving automatic instead of stick, if you have the camera view outside of the car instead of in the interior, the difficulty of the bots, if you're using a trail marker, stuff like that. I think that's smart and will cater very well to the hardcore crowd.The AI in this game, is the only thing on my list of complaints. They will slow down to not slam into you, but they will run you off the road and slam you from the side. It's like playing with 12 year old trolls.You can race many types of cars in this game, and they are categorized by 5 disciplines. F1 cars are also included. The amount of cars in this game will have you hooked. Very key in a racing game.How's the online? For one, I don't notice any lag, really. I think the game might have a server system because I've been racing with mostly Americans/Canadians. I am located in Miami, FL, FYI. Also, you can play with your euro buddies as well. I just haven't ended up in matchmaking with any, but I'm sure others probably have.Let me make this clear: YOU CAN ONLY UNLOCK CARS ONLINE. The single player is fun but its just for achievements. You unlock everything in multiplayer. You can play with other people or do the RaceNet challenges to make money and XP. Very important. You can also start car clubs and earn XP for it. You have to go toracenet.codemasters.comto do it. As far as registering an account, you can do that in-game and there's no e-mail verification.To conclude, I will tell you something you don't hear often in this day and age. This game has little to no bugs. I haven't experienced any. It is very fluid and well-designed. After playing this game, I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. I've been recommending it to friends. I say get it. It's not a complete sim and it's not a complete arcade."
,Recommended,255220,11303373,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bairéad,This game is absolutaly brilliant. All the problems with grid 2 have been rectified. The game is an updated grid 1 with so much more added.
76561198060004094,Not Recommended,255220,13708687,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kazok,"Almost as large of a disappointment as Dirt 3. I was lucky to get the game off♥♥♥♥♥for 10 bucks but that does not fix glaring problems I encountered in the first 3 hours of playing this game.First off loading into the game, I setup my G27 and enter career mode. My steering wheel has zero force feedback going to it. Why would this be turned off in a racing game? Even after 30 minutes of tinkering I got a setup that was atleast driveable but sill felt disconnected After racing for a bit I only got further disappointed, handling is bleh, braking far too sharp and the worse part of this game, the AI. The AI is literally pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or overly aggressive, with any contact resulting in bouncing off of them or you spinning out. Interior view has everything from the dashboard back looking like a camera lense with vaseline on it. No idea if the high res texture pack fixes it but I refuse to download a 3GB ""patch"" for something that should have never been left like that in a title such as GRID.The good, I really do like the option of having a second monitor display race information in a broadcasting layout. Would have loved it even more to pick what items to have up on the second monitor but I am not complaining there. I also like the benchmarking ability to better optimize your ingame graphical settings. Past that it is just another mediocre racing game that does nothing new nor does anything well."
,Recommended,255220,33714134,Posted: 21 July,all,Jeanne D'Arc (Alter),"Been playing this since I got it for $10 during the Summer Sale.This game's an absolute blast to play! The physics might be daunting at first but after practicing, you definitely get used to it after a while.Singleplayer... well, it exists. To sum it up, it's basically GRID 1's prologue, where you hop between teams to make rep/money before starting your own team, except it lasts the entire game. It's still got a good sense of progression, but it's a bit of a letdown compared to GRID 1.I've had more fun with multiplayer, personally, though do be warned, hopping into multiplayer lobbies will be a bit of a pain since Autosport's multiplayer is more or less dead. I highly recommend at least having a friend or two to play multiplayer so this section of the game isn't completely wasted.All in all, GRID Autosport's actually a pretty great game! A bit of a sleeper hit compared to all the big franchises at the moment like Forza Motorsport/Horizon and Need for Speed."
,Recommended,255220,20186896,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,kvas,старое как мама мамонта
76561198017070767,Recommended,255220,16410362,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Godfather,i really recommend this game to anyone this is my second racin game i grew up playing i really think this game is worth every penny if u like racing games this is the game that u would enjoy playing with freinds
76561197964065650,Not Recommended,255220,16561191,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bricketts,Boy was this one a letdown. Feels so awful.
,Recommended,255220,16233019,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Zanriel,"I've been playing racing games on PC since the 90's and I have to say this one is the best I've ever played. It's forgiving enough that you're not constantly having to restart because something stupid happens. It's very playable with a gamepad. It has multiple racing disciplines which you can progress through independantly. The graphics are great, although the audience models look like they're from early 2000's.My favorite thing about this game is how accessible it is. You can make it whatever you want, it has time attacks where you can race against your own ghost car, it has muscle cars, tuner cars, open wheel, GT cars, supercars, whatever you're into."
,Recommended,255220,17288991,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Fiji,"A good racing game if you like to have things simplified a bit. Whereas games such as Project CARS and Asetto Corsa aim for the realism, this game goes for an arcade style approach. Makes racing with friends quite fun and is nice to play when you've got the time. My only issue is not being able to go full screen (because Nvidia compatibility issues)"
,Recommended,255220,17017799,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,NoTime4name,"Pros:- Slick graphics- Endless different, cars, tracks, classes and championships- Pretty good AI, but...Cons:- ...sometimes they're too aggresive, going for gaps that don't exist- Handling is so-so, but it's an acrade game after all so yeah"
,Recommended,255220,15617466,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Slowhand,"It's one of the best circuit racing simulator, the best for the PC and plays great with a steering wheel, it will take some time to adapt but it will be great racing experiance."
76561198259973641,Recommended,255220,34200917,Posted: 12 August,all,MopRaCoon13388,I don't normally do reviews for games but this game deserves it:THIS IS THE BEST RACING GAME AVAILIABLE ON STEAM! To most people this will sound like a bold statement considering there are all the F1 games and project cars but as far as I can see this is better. Project Cars needs a PC about as powerful as North Korea and the F1 games there is only 1 car (obviously) and there are no variations of tracks. This game however will run on a potato (because it is designed for intel HD intergrated graphics) and since i am only on a laptop this is great. It is straight in the middle of a sim and arcade racer and the AI will give a challenge which is always good. BASICALLY IF YOU WANT AN AMAZING RACING GAME THEN BUY THIS! Seriously the graphics and gamplay are incredible. Good Job Codemasters
,Not Recommended,255220,13625838,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BananaKebab,"Grid Autosport is one of the biggest racing game failures in history. The game does not launch. I cri evry tiem.lol im downloading this game on my other computer... if it works, I will change my mind on this game.EDIT:Ok, so I got Grid Autosport to work. One of my headtracking softwares for my VR headset was messing with it. This game was meh. I did not really enjoy it. It's pretty much the same as Grid 2, but with first person and the first person was not that good."
,Recommended,255220,11423543,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Party Magician,"Glorious. After the calamity of bells, whistles and poor control that was GRID 2, this game is a perfect return to form for my long-time favorite series. It may be hard for a newcomer, but on lower diffuculties you can quickly get up to the pace, and the higher ones present a real challenge.Good stuff:Tracks and cars incredibly well made gameplay-wise.Beautiful graphics all around.Career mode a constant challenge but not overwhelming.Multiplayer is well made and funLots of people on multiplayer (don't listen to the forums)Bad stuff:Lack of team building while a disappointment compared to Grid 1, although it fits the game's goal to return to ToCA roots, and the driver-for-hire system works wellSome weird bugs and glitches concerning multiplayer, while not a gamebreaker, can somewhat mar the experienceBACK UP YOUR SAVE FILES. There's a guide on how to do so in the game's guides section. You'll be glad you did sooner or later."
76561198037277954,Recommended,255220,12826716,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ig83,"This Review is more of a First Impressions to be honest. The Only reason I got this game was because they announced VR support and fully support the Oculus Rift DK2.A massive tip for those that want to run the game in vr is to get OBS.OBS acts as a way to be able to view the game mirrored to a monitor via the preview option. This enables you to have full visibility of the menu as the menu's do not currently render in VR (This is understandable as they were never meant for it)Initially I was underwhelmed with the game after I managed to get it running,The VR is actually done very well with full positional tracking enabled realistic 3d environments with a cockpit view. The cockpit feels like an after thought though. It is too basic and other games do a far better job with interiors. The mirrors are not usable because they are very dark to the point where you can not see anything other than the sky reflecting for some reason? The recent patch does add a rear view mirror though which is great but I would love to be able to use the side mirrors to block overtakes and judge where the competion is.I play full manual with the Logitech G27 which is fully supported. BUT THERE IS NO OPTION FOR FORCE FEEDBACK only vibration...BUT... you can download Force feedback files from GRID 2!! UNOFFICALLY then overwrite and BOOM full force feedback enabled and this is a game changer!!This brings the game to life and actually lets you feel the car like you should. These files should have been implemented WITH the game though and this is a serious issue that many will not be able to overcome. This will probably mean that I cant go online in GRID because of modified game files.....The single player game is such a challenge though that even on the lowest setting you will be in for a fight! The racing feels exciting and reminds me of aggressive touring the game is very exciting when you are trading paint in the pack hustling and fighting for positions.There is massive room for improvements to be made. I would still 100% recommend this game to anyone with an Oculus Rift and will be putting a lot of time in and do not regret the purchase.Hope this helps"
76561198073908145,Not Recommended,255220,16513071,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Benzin,driving feels like you are floating on ice! it sucks like hell!
76561198339776269,Recommended,255220,34003088,Posted: 3 August,all,Meatsac,"I got it on sale. It took a little tweaking (Nvidia Control Panel Settings, In-game Settings, and a tweak to stop it from recording races for later replays). After that, it runs fine and smooth. Multi-player is a little sparse, but you have to change your Steam region settings in order for it to list servers other than your region (a bit of a pain). I mainly play it in single player, haven't had much time to hop in multi-player yet... And all in all, I really like it and if you can get it for cheap, I say go for it.I play it at 2560×1440 with everything pretty much cranked (looks really nice). I did turn two options down though (Crowd to low)  can't see the difference buzzing by at almost 200mph. I also turned down Shader Quality to low. It adds an ugly over exaggerated depth of field effect to everything (turning it low cleans up the image & saves a few frames).My sys specs: Asus Z97 Sabertooth Mark I MOBO - Intel 4790K CPU (4.5 ghz) - PNY XLR8 GTX 1080 - 32gb ram - PNY SSD's."
,Recommended,255220,12648882,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Bad Ass Machine,Fantastic game. The diversity in driving styles and graphics are top notch.
,Not Recommended,255220,30125143,Posted: 23 February,all,NemesisInferno,"The awful, (really) awful AI ruins any chances of getting fun. They don't race, they just block you and try to get you off the track, if you raise the difficult level they get extremelly fast and even (if possible) more agressive."
,Recommended,255220,22752565,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Swam,"Vroom, vroom, fun game.But, it keeps crashing after around 15 minutes, so I got to be sure to save each race. Pretty annoying, but still a great game."
,Not Recommended,255220,24784491,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ez1to3,"I had really enjoyed Grid 2 - And played it a lot. When I read the reviews for this game online, it seemed like this was the better of the two games. After trying to play this game, and progressing, I can easily say that I am dissapointed. Most of the time, this game does not launch, and I have to reverify the files. The game seems incomplete as there main menu is lack luster compared to Grid 2. They did add dash cam, except all you see is a black blob and a stearing wheel. You get more experiance points for which assists you enable and disable, yet those are all rigged. Changing the difficulty setting only changes which position you will rubberband with. The Car assissts should really be ""how much do you want the AI to drive for you.""dissapointed in this game."
76561198025303183,Not Recommended,255220,18565762,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,44TZL,A decent arcade racer completely spoiled by a downright nasty AI. I'd go for Dirt 1 if you like this genre - by far the better game.
,Recommended,255220,14818077,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Liam Gallagher,Have been playing this game for about a month.Money well spent.Gotta say that i didn't expect it to be easy to play with keyboard lol.1 thing i want to see is weather change and pit-stops if possible.
,Recommended,255220,31442461,Posted: 29 April,all,Lucian67,Nice Game!
76561197972276379,Recommended,255220,11934813,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Gossy*AUS*,"[h2]The Good:[/h2]* Beautiful graphics, even without the texture pack, pumping all the sliders to maximum produces some very pleasing pixels.* Strikes a good simulation / arcade balance, most of the time your car behaves the way you would expect it to, very occasionally they seem to have far to much grip, and then some other times none at all.* Great selection of different cars that sound very similar to the real deal.* Challenging AI will punish you for almost every mistake, and will make you fight for every position.* Clean and Intuitive User Interface, not as ""pretty"" but far more usable than the dirt games.* Varied game modes that I, personally, will take a while to master, Touring and Street racing are my favourites, and the Endurance, Drifting and Open Wheel events are quite challenging (maybe not open wheel for F1 vets?)[h2]The Bad:[/h2]* AI that disobeys the rules the player must stick to, quite a few times I've been tailgating an AI opponent and been penalised for going off track, with the AI racing off ahead of me.* The game lacks personality, the DiRT 2 and 3 games were brimming with character and style, that could be a little cheesy, but enjoyable. This game feels barren in comparison.* Could Ravenwest win a few less competitions next time ;-)* I feel that the multiplayer and singleplayer ""career"" progression should have been the same, or could even have been tied together (without needing to play both to progress of course.) Missed opportunity there![h2]The Ugly:[/h2]* Nearly everybody before me has said so, I feel I must also stress those car interiors. With nearly everything else about this game been so nice to look at, going inside the cars can be a bit of a shock to the system. While not a complete deal breaker, it was definitely disappointing seeing how bad they looked for the first time.* Turning off the HUD for full immersion is likely to see you hit a wall (in-game, not figuratively).[h2]Overall:[/h2]It's a solid racing game, it doesn't do anything truly great, or really bad."
76561197983462171,Not Recommended,255220,11485428,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Parov,"While GRID 2 was some good fun to me for quite a couple of hours, GRID Autosport just bores the Sh*t outta me. It tries to be 'realistic', but it isn't. It's way too far away from realistic than you'd think.Beyond that, the offline-career mode is way too big - not that I don't like long campaigns but this 'career' feels like a torment for your brain. You suffer through struggles with 'teammates' (not worth anything), boring tasks from sponsors, always the same circuits. Sorry, but I had more fun playing Trackmania...To be honest I cannot judge the online-mode, I did not like it in GRID 2, that's why I kept my hands off it in GA.So far I'm highly disappointed of (the offline) GRID Autosport."
,Recommended,255220,10902685,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Antraxo,This game reminds me of the old days of Grid havent played it long yet so I dont know if you can have your own team and all like Grid 1. The handling is Grid-like (Arcade) but overall it feels great driving the diffrent cars and every car feels diffrent. Grafics are awesome and the feel of racing really gets you.
76561198031160782,Recommended,255220,10994535,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Prawn01,"The GRID series of games from Codemasters is probably one of favourite franchises out there and I've been following them for quite a while, since TOCA 3 infact.Where as GRID 2 appealed more to the arcade driver with less emphasis on realism. GRID Autosport is going back to its roots and feels much more like a simulator as seen in the TOCA series of games and GRID 1 ( if you guys have been following the series for that long, you will know what I mean ). The driving in this game definately appeals more to hardcore ""Sim"" racer ( by bringing back cockpit view among other things ) and this game definately rewards you for that by giving you XP bonuses for driving a clean race without collisions.Right off the bat, the game looks graphically similar to GRID 2 but there are noticeable improvements in car textures ( Free DLC to update car livery textures to 4k res ), lighting and shadows.Multiplayer is quite fun with you having to work your way up from the bottom. Each car you own in Multiplayer has its own milage, so the higher the milage the more the car will cost to maintain. 12 players lined up on the ( AI can be used to fill in the blanks ) all racing to the finish line. This is a blast when playing with friends.To sum up, this game is made by petrolheads for petrolheads and that's why I enjoy it."
,Recommended,255220,11009370,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zigmiester,GRID Autosport is the game GRID 2 should have been. Great Job Codies ! Had this game been a BUST like GRID 2 i wouldn't have bought another Codemasters game ever .
76561198043853463,Not Recommended,255220,11901722,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,PorkChops,"DisappointingLet me start off by saying I was a huge fan of the original GRID. It wasn't realistic, but it was fun.So how does GRID Autosport stack up? It has its similarities to GRID but it isn't as good.PROSThe game is fun and there is a large variety of different vehicle types to choose from. The handling is a bit slippery but it's really easy to handle even with all assists off. This allows you to go around corners at really high speeds which adds to the excitement at the expense of realism.CONSThe game is NOT complete. The interiors are nothing but blurry pictures. Even at night, you can't see any lights inside the vehicle. What's the point of a cockpit view if you can't even see your own speedometer? The game also lacks content. Sure there are a wide range of different types of vehicles (Indy, Coupes, Touring, etc) but considering how the interiors are non-existent couldn't they have stuffed a little more in there instead of releasing an early DLC? The track selection is adequet. There are lots of famous tracks and a lot of city tracks but the number of different tracks is still relatively low. Finally, the game itself can get quite boring. The campaign is like any other campaign. You win races and you climb up into better and faster cars. The problem is, for the first several hours, you're basically driving the same car on the same tracks. This gets tedious especially since some events require you to complete the same track twice.CONCLUSIONWith games like Gran Turismo 6, Forza 5, F1 2013, and Shift 2 out, it's hard to recommend this game content-wise. The gameplay however is not lacking although it may feel dull at times. The conclusion? This game feels rushed and Codemasters should have spent more time on it."
,Recommended,255220,11949171,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,USMCG Dacnar,"Good racing game.  Takes almost everything I like from Grid and Grid 2 and put them together.  You have 5 different disciplines to race in.  Each has its unique cars and challenges.  Once you reach certain levels in all 5 disciplines, you unlock the Grid racing for that level.  The variety of cars and tracks keeps you on your toes.  The online is good too as long as you don't end up in a room full of rammers.  If you don't particularly want to race against opponents, then there is the weekly challenges that you can race.  You compete for level awards and can compare yourself to others.  If you like the Codemaster racing games, this is a no brainer."
76561198039758306,Recommended,255220,11952230,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,CorukoBardo,"This is a game for true motorsport lovers. Here you can go straight to the point - drive the best available race cars out there in professional championships and make a name for yourself changing between the categories of your choice anytime you want (rather than being forced to drive housewife lemons in endless itty-bitty cups to climb in your career, such as the likings of Gran Tourismo and Forza). The career mode offers a great experience where you'll have to beat rivals, help teammates and please all your sponsors in order to make progress throughout the seasons. Gameplay can be completely adjusted to your skills and likings, so if you prefer some more pedal-to-the-metal arcade race with no damage or a full simulation with deep physics it's all up to you to set. Graphics are simply stunning, and the sceneries are richly detailed, which comes in handy considering you'll be visiting many metropolises around the globe.Bottomline, best racing sim ever."
,Recommended,255220,11966000,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,vivalabert,"It just dosen't feel the same anymore... the first game was by far my favourite of the series because you have your own team and money to buy the cars you want not driving for other teams and earning ''fans'' in grid 2 and ''XP'' in Grid Autosport witch on the whole i found less emursing, But on the other hand the graphics are stunning and the handling is crisp and realsitic but i just hope in grid 4 they will go more back to the old game and add some of the best features in so it becomes more enjoyable for the hardcore grid fans and more understandable for people new to the series too."
,Recommended,255220,11987900,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,funke,"Great game....good racing sim with not too much emphasis on simulation. Cars feel good, grip is convinving and overall a challenging game. Good fun!"
76561198023783893,Recommended,255220,12018461,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ghosty,"I've only just bought this game. I didn't like the original Grid so I skipped Grid 2 but a friend of mine toldme to check out autosport. Turn off all your assists and set the difficulty to your skill level and the racing is absolutely intense. The AI are smart and won't just smash into you like in other games (Forza). The crash physics (as always in codemasters games) are fantastic. The handling may feel a bit arcade-like but it is much more realistic than most other racing games on the PC barring actual simulators. The car selection feels a nit short because I'm used to Gran Turismo and Forza but it is an interesting mix and the class system is done pretty decently. I have not yet tried online play but from a single-player standpoint, I'm have a great ride."
,Not Recommended,255220,13002088,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,MeMe Machine,"physics are ok, cockpit graphics are terrible, sound is good, single player is super boring, overall bland game. 3/10.DO NOT BUY THE DLC AT FULL PRICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!1!one11!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,255220,12963193,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Uzi,>Playing Split Screen with a friend>Mazda RX-7 vs Nissan 2003 Silvia spec-R>Okutama Sprint - Mizu Mountain>Race starts>Suddenly f*cking EUROBEAT starts playing on the background>OH SH*T TIME FOR SOME DRIFTING>DEJAVU! I HAVE BEEN ON THIS PLACE BEFORE!.exe>Crashes everywhere>Cars look like sh*t>We don't even reach the end of the track10/10 funny as f*ck
76561198003519012,Recommended,255220,13070840,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,SpaceViking,"PROS:- Cars look awesome from the outside, Tracks and locales are breathtaking when graphics are turned up.- Challenging in a way that makes you want to get better. Not easy, but gratifying when you master turns.- I personally, in real life, drive a recent model Ford Focus, and the control of the Focus ST in the game is as i would expect when driving the ST version of my car. If i made it a point to negotiate turns as i would in real life, it worked out better.CONS:- HOWEVER (on the last point) the ST is known for it's ludicrous cornering ability, and i had to upgrade the car and Soften the front suspenstion/stiffen the rear suspension to get the most realistic driving experience one should expect from the ST. I could be biased but the car is an autocross machine and handles perfectly well just as stock.- car interiors ARE A JOKE. I only play racing games in first person in-car view so as to fully immerse myself in the experience. i hate to compare this to Need for Speed, but if you look at Shift, the interiors, even for the low-end/old drifter cars, are immaculately rendered, and you can look around. in Grid, looking left or right blinks the screen left or right to an un-interior generic side view, giving me no frame of reference because my driver didn't turn his head. In addition, on graphical settings where the cockpit isn't blurred, the instrumentation is blocky and disgusting. at night, no dashboard or other interior lights are visible. Again, i drive a focus, and although the shape of the top of the dashboard is correct (even reflecting *almost* as i would expect when the sun hits it, i'm sorry but at night that console needs to be LIT. So yeah, Codemasters, MASSIVE missed opportunity with the car interior. i can't bring myself to look left or right because what i get is a generic blank view of what's on the left or right because my driver doesn't turn his head like NFS Shift so i have no frame of reference, and the worst part is it's just as well because what IS rendered of the interior of the car is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥POS anyway in both texture and polygon terms. Bad bad bad car interior.That's it, every other part of the game is straight up FUN, with beautifully rendered and presented cars on beautiful tracks and HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I'M DRIVING IN PARIS THIS IS SO COOL and the driving is awesomely gratifying in just the right realistic correct way that one can get better at before they know it. Car interiors are disgustingly, DISGUSTINGLY disappointing though. Need for Speed: Shift, i'm looking at the exact interior of a Lamborghini Reventon from radio to seat stitching to AC vents. Grid, i'm looking at something a 6 year old made using Duplo bricks.[ ]PS: the yellow paint is on the stock ST is just the right hue, and it is indeed shiny but not as much as is presented in the game where it looks as glossy as a trombone. The real Tangerine Yellow ST is almost almost flat with a slight metallic shine to it. But don't worry, NFS: Most Wanted got it wrong too. Thanks for the great game!!!! :)"
76561198005250501,Recommended,255220,13273259,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,michael.hanchett,Having purchased Grid 1 & Grid 2 and was frustrated with the gameplay on both I recently purchsed Grid Autosport and I can recomend Racing gamers to buy this . They have improved most everthing from the earlier games. I hope the improvement carrys on with Grid 3. I was so impressed have now purchased Grid Autosport for my Xbox.So well done Codemasters keep up the good work and please have a go at Fomula 1 as  I am getting fed up with getting ripped off by ghanging the year and giving you the same game.
,Recommended,255220,26240785,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,alliennas,"Still don't know to love it or to hate it.This game tries to be simulator and arcade racer at once.Maybe it's a good thing: full of action and crashes, close racing, but at the same time lack of simulation at some points."
76561198011764881,Not Recommended,255220,12663092,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Varkee,Bored of the game after 2 hours. I used to play Toca race drive 3 and thought it was time for an upgrade.  I was wrong.
76561198088834460,Not Recommended,255220,10779834,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Avengerwill,Worst Grid game yet.Controls are the worst I have seen in any racing game. Even with abs removed and all other control help.
76561198014705843,Recommended,255220,10850820,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Intercept,Very happy actually. The handling is good fun and makes you feel like you on the limit and you get punished for going over it.Racing is very close and so far online people havnt been T boning each other as it costs them in game cash to repair their car.
76561197987290911,Not Recommended,255220,10880994,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tony Cliffton,"Handling is terrible, driving physics terrible, steering control and force feedback terrible. Will never buy a codemaster game again."
,Not Recommended,255220,33165401,Posted: 2 July,all,Ez,"Bought it in the summer sale and regret it 1 hour later..... the game itself looks and feels really good but the damn thing keeps crashing and crashing so much that i had to ask the steam refund back :( , the game crashed everysingle time i launch it which where like 5-6 times. such a shame they keep selling it when the mayority of people are having the same issues , i was dumb enough to buy it even when i knew that where alot of people complaining about this."
,Not Recommended,255220,12963842,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,jondoelatino,cant race online thats horrible. waste of money
,Recommended,255220,10988835,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SkywarpGreer,Stands out from the crowd. Has Australian v8 supercars and utes.-excellent physics-awsome sound-detailed tracks-authentic cars-improved online and unlock/xp system-great competitive online racing9/10 for me
76561198143381456,Not Recommended,255220,22706740,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,carlosdrfx,"Although this game would score high on graphics, AI and racing feel, I can't recommend it due to it quitting to windows after 10-15 mins play. It's a common problem to many users on Win10, but Codemasters has failed to even speak on the subject, much less address it! Bad codies! Bad, bad codies!"
76561198132712079,Recommended,255220,27792717,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D0DDZ,the best racing game i ever played
76561198028914758,Not Recommended,255220,33848599,Posted: 27 July,all,SNAFU,"BLURRED COCKPIT, visual and indicated speed wildly disagree, brakes barely works, doesn't have my audio name (the first GRID does). I'll go back to racing in the first GRID, it's a shame that it hasn't multiplayer servers anymore - the only reason I have tried this. They are trying to sell a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with a ton of DLC's and hope people will buy it because it's GRID. It's not. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,255220,10872702,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,One-Man-Crimewave,"Well, what can i say apart from GRID is back woohoo. Definitely feels like the original GRID, cars handle great, physics are great and although this isn't a so called ""next generation"" game it still looks and feels just right.Very well optimized as well (well at least on my machine it runs flawlessy maxxed out) but i can't see anyone having trouble running this even on older hardware, lots of graphics options and the xbox controller, as you would expect, runs right out of the box.Codies are back baby and apart from the complaints about a blurred cockpit view (which i personally don't use, i mean who drives around looking at the speedo when racing). Obviously if you drop your lighter i guess it's harder to find on the floor of the car if everything's blurred hehe.If you like the original GRID but weren't so keen on the 2nd one then get AutoSport you won't regret it. Oh and you also get up to 12 players online which of course is much more fun."
,Recommended,255220,24818461,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dragonswilldie,I dont know why people dont like this but its great!
,Recommended,255220,11041627,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Homicidal,"very very very fun. best multiplayer fun since, well grid 1."
76561197992879276,Not Recommended,255220,11478625,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Numb Nuts,"Great game if you love playing ♥♥♥♥ing bumper cars with the AI, no car cutomization and an♥♥♥♥♥hole commentator that cant pronounce your name. Stick with Grid 1 or 2."
,Recommended,255220,11049533,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,D3fyant,Once Again...GAMESAVE CORRUPTION ISSUES..
,Not Recommended,255220,13616729,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GetBaitedNerds,"I like racing games but this is extremely boring, couldn't even manage an hour. The AI is horrible, its so hard to pass any cars/ win races, i even tried it on 'very easy' which is extremely misleading as it is still very difficult. waste of money and i bought it whilst it was on sale, i feel bad for those who paid full price."
,Not Recommended,255220,12937934,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,hytparadisee,"I am going to vote down to this game because a network lag caused me to finish race early and people think I was cheating and kicked me. I can't even reply by text as voice is the only way to communicate in the lobby (I don't have mic with me). If it were a network problem, I should have just get kicked from the server. I would then consider it a fair response. But why on Earth did I suddenly get teleported to the pre-race grid at my current speed and hence I rushed through the finishing line? What kind of design is that?Compare this case with Trackmania II. If the result caused by network problem renders it unreasonable, the server should just void the result, at least it doesn't enrage other players. Now with my reputation marred, how am I going to continue playing this game without explanation from CodeMaster? Downvote, no choice."
,Not Recommended,255220,29032049,Posted: 5 January,all,Rhetorn[SK],"Game runs poorly on ultra low settings (~30 FPS, Linux), even if I have much more powerful computer, than is specified in minimum system requirements."
,Recommended,255220,32851126,Posted: 27 June,all,Vulus,"You must know about racing games... MUST HAVE CONTROLLER. if you dont, consider it before buy.in my language:Ibarat nginjek pedal gas mobil beneran kalo nginjeknya sedikit ya jalannya pelan, kalo nginjek remnya sedikit ya ati2 aja nubruk, kalo muterin steernya sedikit ya beloknya gak jauh2 amat. Itu semua ada di joystik masakini. Kalo om belum ada joystik yaaa jangan beli game balap2an dulu :v awakawak."
,Recommended,255220,11551424,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tempest_Mist,very enjoyable game - full of excitment and hours of gameplay
,Recommended,255220,11301629,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tom,This game is terrific. Much better than GRID 2 and much more simulator-like than 2 as well. It's nowhere near as drift happy. You're actually able to turn without the back end fishtailing. Steering wheel support is fantastic too.
76561198024411936,Not Recommended,255220,16561347,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,StormRaiser,This game is absolute rubbish ... nothing like Grid 2 at all in the way the cars handle ... stick to the older Grid games
,Recommended,255220,33354646,Posted: 7 July,all,TUCKYONALD 🤓,Great Game but its to difficult for me
76561197972236503,Recommended,255220,32301930,Posted: 9 June,all,SPY,"Game doesn't work anymore for some reason, i hear it is updated, maybe that is the reason?It always worked fine, but now it just doesn;t start,,,,very said, otherwise i always LOVED it, as i do with all Codemasters games!!!leon"
76561198026826500,Not Recommended,255220,25045962,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Technix,"Pros:High quality visuals and sounds, no glitches or performance issues while playing. Many exciting cars to drive.Cons:Unbalanced difficulty across race genres. The menu is vanilla looking and you have no control over which cars you select before a race, just the option of which team you want and the cars they have chosen for you. Theres no real sense of progression in this game, I felt like I was grinding race after race.I would rather play the original GRID over this dispite the better graphics and updated car selection."
76561198253911813,Not Recommended,255220,20720456,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ramen,There are barely any cars in this game and the events are not very eventful. If you're looking for a Forza-like game for PC DO NOT BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,255220,18633349,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,MaximillianPower,"I keep trying to get into Autosport and I just don't like it.  Grid 2 is awesome and I am going just fine on 'Medium' in that game winning almost every race,  but in Autosport it feels like I have got the detuned version of every car I drive.  From the line I get terrible acceleration even on full throttle,  and when you throw a slide the car just stops,  whereas in Grid 2 you can carry a bit more momentum.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong but I enjoyed Grid 2 heaps more than this one;  only problem with 2 is that they don't include any of the cool stuff this one does (you have to pay for Bathurst in 2,  which is a travesty for an Australian)."
,Recommended,255220,12407285,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lurch~(bwg),"good game rwd cars are a bit tricky when using a controler but other than a few minor issues its really sorted they need to work on a couple of things but if you liked grid2 then you will love grid autosport, just a great game good fun and loads of online racing"
,Recommended,255220,10873559,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sentient,"Got the game after a lengthy hiatus from any sort of serious racing game since my wheel and pedal setup playing GT on PS & PS2. I'd played some pretty arcady racers on various sources including PC but honestly wanted that legit racing feel without the tediousness of some of the more intense sim racers.One thing to point out, if you're used to arcade racing games, get ready to spin out over and over. However, you should have faith. I'm playing on a 360 controller for Windows on 8.1 and setting the difficulty to the base ""Easy"" setting is giant help. It gives you the full racing line by default which shows you not only the best line on the track but also, via color changing as indication, shows you relatively how fast you need to be going for certain portions of the track. This really comes in handy when getting used to the braking in turns. This game is not a game you can simply swing your back end around the corners in. Once you begin to get the hang of it though, the whole thing becomes satisfying and rewarding. I like the way the different racing specialties are set up in the career mode. It allows you to choose from all but the GRID Autosport Series which is apparently reserved for when you've mastered all the others.As of right now, I've played through a season in both the Touring and Street series'. The Street series seems like a great place to start because the speeds don't get too much above 100mph and the cars handle well. I have yet to play any multiplayer so I will refrain from commenting on it until I get the chance to join in.VERDICT: Great game so far."
76561197979900818,Recommended,255220,10881371,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Miffxo,"7.5/10 Fair perspective. 9.5/10 Personally.It's an arcade/sim which does lean much more toward sim than arcade and is the most realistic grid game to date, the only negatives to this game are the racenet website, which you have to use to join, modify or create clubs and the cockpit view while gets the job done and still gives you that immersive feeling, really could have done with a bit more attention.The online experience is great, smooth gameplay even with players from all around the globe racing together. Great voice chat and mostly grown up drivers. There is a system that punishes players for the amount of impacts they have been in or caused which is proving to help players race more clean.As for the sim elements of the game, the cars do all have a unique weight and balance feel to them and behave differently under varying circumstances. You have to use your brakes to be competitive in this game and to set the fastest pace. Accelerating at the wrong times or under heavy cornering will produce understeer or oversteer depending on traction, this will throw you off of the racing line or apex which causes you to have to overcorrect the next corner thus, slowing you down and pushing the car to it's physical limitations to stay on the track.Underrated game in my opinion, it's a shame it's reputation was tarnished from Grid 2 and people aren't giving it a go, or it could have been one of the biggest racers to hit consoles and PC. I hope it eventually gets the credit it deserves. Well done Codemasters, I was skeptical but it has been money well spent."
76561198021966630,Not Recommended,255220,11431434,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,sylves286,gameplay itself is quite good but as usual there are still a number of issues which still need to be fixed. i cant complain about the service i have recieved as it has been quick but game still doesn't work properly
76561198010152936,Recommended,255220,10990053,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lionheart,"This game is great; they have improved on almost every aspect of Grid 2 and gone back to the games roots. I played Race driver Grid for about 200 hours when it first came out, I loved every moment of it! I found that Grid 2, while I still really liked the game it still fell short of my expectations.Well, Grid Autosport is everything I could have expected and more from a racing game! The cars feel realistic, the sound is amazing and the graphics are stunning! As for the gameplay; I would not go as far as to say this game is a racing simulator but I am not sure that is the point of Grid. Grid 2 had a very arcady feel to it; sliding around corners, bashing into people, etc; Autosport however will punish you severely for doing those kinds of things, the damage system is relentless and if you do not take the racing line or brake properly you will lose valuable seconds off your laptime through spin outs or driving off the track!The multiplayer is really entertaining; in fact I prefer it to the single player mode. You have access to every car from the get go, however they are ""Loan"" cars, so you cannot upgrade them and they typically do not perform quite as well as Brand new cars (due to their condition rating). This adds a realistic feel to the game and also inspires you to buy your own cars and tune them properly!Tuning is another important feature of this game, once you have purchased your first car and begin to race with it you will begin to unlock upgrades and tuning options to make the car perform exactly how you want it to! I found this really helps me set my cars up based on my driving style.Earning money can be tough in Grid Autosport multiplayer, however that is the point! If you crash your car or the loan car you will need to pay for repairs, this encourages you to drive sensibly, take the racing line and brake properly ( No more e-brake!) the cleaner you race, the more money you get and the closer you will get to owning your own beautiful motor car!If you liked Race driver Grid then you will love Autosport!Pros-Beautiful Graphics-Fun and Realistic gameplay-Amazing sound-Endless car tuning possibilitiesCons- Voice chat and some connection issues online- Long loading timesOverall 4.5/5"
,Recommended,255220,11136739,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,twitch.tv/superkillerstar,BEAST !
,Not Recommended,255220,12312574,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Wave,"If you want a proper racing simulator buy Gran Turismo 2 for PS1 and enjoy and don't touch this crap even with a mile long stick.Gran Turismo will have more vehicles, REAL endurance races (instead of drive around 4 minutes), a way better customization and tuning abilities (more later) probably more tracks, better soundtrack, better voice acting (i.e. silence which is better than a phone-sex-line-granny-trying-to-be-sexy ""Welcome back John"" every time you open the game), better driving mechanics (more later), pit stops etc. etc.Once again Codemasters make it look like a nice game but after a while you'd give away your aunt if you could just remove it from existence.Gameplay:Mechanics are something inbetween Grid 1 and 2, meaning you won't be powersliding (i.e. slowing down) all the time but anyway you'll be doing that quite a bit. I can somehow deal with it when driving a street or touring cars but FFS I DID NOT START A FORMULA SEASON JUST TO DRIFT AROUND.The open wheel cars have just the same amount of grip with a little bit lower centre of weight and more power so they'll slide just as much as your Ford Mustang or Nissan Silvia but they may be recovered from it a bit more easily. Fun for a while or for arcade racers but not a part of a ""simulator"".If using a keyboard to drive you need to have traction control on and thus (I suspect it's due to it) all other drivers are faster than you in the start.If you try to ram the opponents you end up eating mud yourself every time because they're like moving brick walls on rails. They don't give a SH** about you and your pushes if you are not in with a total kamikaze, also you have a great chance to end up spinning out every time you hit someone.The penalty system for cutting corners is complete utter bullcrap. In a same circuit you could drive 100 meters on grass and it doesn't do anything but in the next corner when you hit the kerb a bit too hard and touch the grass you'll be slowed down for something like 7 FÜGing seconds. The AI doesn't get penaltied and happily push you out of the track if you're too close so enjoy!Tuning:No.Depending on how far have you played in the career you'll have zero to a little possibilities to fine tune your vehicle. The changes are the exact same as in Dirt 3 but in Grid you may only have two options for each, 0 or 100%, depending on your team. This pretty much renders the tuning useless because unless you're looking for more sliding you aren't doing a thing with a possibility to set 100% of your braking power to rear or front tires.I also noticed that either something is terribly wrong with the open wheel cars or the game has differential lock tuning inverted, locked diff should make you slide even more but in the game open diff causes it.If you can still remember the fine tuning in GT2, I can tell you it was real high-tech. Don't even dream about something like that.Vehicles:All same group (or class) vehicles are basically the same to make them even. When you have two team offers the XP is the only thing you need to check, your team mate will always suck and the car is just a moving image with exactly the same abilities as the other one.There are something like 5 different cars in each class (except the formulas which have 1 or something) so basically you have a few to choose from but it's nothing like the hundred cars in Gran Turismos.Gamemodes:Along the basic races there are some other modes such as time attack (or something) where you have X laps to score the fastest laptime (so it's basically a qualifying but called race) endurance and drifting.Drifting was surprisingly pleasant and pretty cool but the same mechanics (meaning same controls but -100% grip) were seen in Need For Speed something like 10 years ago. It's also ridiculously easy, within a lap you can score 1,5 million points and AI scores 500-800k.Endurance races are about driving the circuit for X minutes and your tires will wear out. In addition to the ""normal sliding"" which is rather heavy you cannot brake or turn softly with a keyboard so you'll eat up your tires pretty quickly but it's fun enough. No pitstops though, would have been cool.Multiplayer is... well, online multiplayer. The lobby is plagued with an automatic voice chat which you have to switch off every time if you don't want to use it.Codemasters have a ghost car mechanic which makes everyone ghost cars when in a corner to avoid collisions and pushing but it's not working very well as it makes you visible when you're not braking heavily and thus you're again open for hits which means there will be hits just like there wasn't any ghost thing at all.Overall:I have really mixed feelings about this. I enjoy arcade racing but this isn't it. I also enjoy simulators but this isn't it either. It's not completely bad and I've had fun moments but it's not anywhere near the addictiveness and fun I had with Gran Turismo 2 when I was a kid. It isn't a best comparison but it's the last good racing simulator I've played.4/10If you enjoy semi realistic racing and can swallow the crap they'll send you with it, you'll like this.If you're in for a good simulator or action full arcade racing, you won't find either in this one."
,Recommended,255220,16511923,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bewp,10/10 skyrim with cars
,Recommended,255220,11372058,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,danielbos,Excelent game. good to see it going back to its routs.
76561198168677595,Not Recommended,255220,21680123,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,♥ローディー♥,cant play it ever sense upgrade to win10
76561198149511325,Recommended,255220,14300818,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cyclogenesis,"A very fun casual racing game, with some sim elements :)"
,Recommended,255220,14361171,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ZazmaN7,"Awesome GRID Autosport, its nice driving great :)"
,Recommended,255220,11905082,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,GUN5_0N_WH33L5 -ART-,"great game overall but i dont like the fact that you cant start your own racing team; you have to race for other racing teams like the ones featured in the pictures. Oakley, Kicker, etc."
76561198177180334,Recommended,255220,23473843,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,HockeyKid12,"Grid Auto sport is a fun game to play but the cars are a bit hard to controll, also the f1 cars are the funnist to race with."
,Recommended,255220,23354155,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AFRICAN ZULU WARRIOR,"Fun game! Get it during a steam sale, not worth it full price"
,Not Recommended,255220,19530119,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,shadow-786,"The handling of the cars is a bit more realistic cmpared to Grid 2 but it gets very repetitive. For almost every race there is a qualifier and then you have to race round the same track twice. Also there is a very limited range of cars to choose from as they are given by the sponsor.Overall, it gets boring and there are better racing games to spend your money on."
,Recommended,255220,17572768,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Hanzo Sucks,It's like Skyrim with Tokyo Drift 9/10-MLGnima
,Not Recommended,255220,18170181,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MNX,Don't go faster than 40mph and expect to turn... pull the brakes? you'll just spin out.Great driving on ice simulator.
76561197983225082,Recommended,255220,16570952,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,baddog993,I was some what positive of Grid 2 however the driving of the car and the need to drift around corners felt a little strange. Well in this version Grid Autosport that is all changed. The cars now feel like they  have some weight and you need to enter corners in a somewhat controlled manner no longer are you just required to brake and drift magically around a corner. It does require some finess. I have set it to easy and this feels about right for me. No more story line this is all about xp and racing.You do have a slightly dumb team driver and he is terrible and often gets in 13 to 16 place. He was at the second spot and went all the way back to 13 once the race was over. You can give him orders to be more agressive but it seems to make little difference. The track and cars look super detailed. Not sure how accurate they are because I have never driven on them in real life. The difficulties range from super easy to easy. I will be honest I found easy to be normal I cannot imagine what normal or medium would be like.One other reviewer pointed out the fact that the AI gets a boost and that seems to be true. I still feel even with this negative the game is still good. Also be aware the AI gets a little aggressive and can sometimes spin you off the track and that is annoying. Lucky the game has a flashback system in place.So the negatives besides the ones I mentioned. The camera shake started making me ill and I had to tone it way down. Other then that it seems to be a very good driving game.Just a few more details. The endurance races are in my opinion the least fun to drive in. Its just a pain. Its at night and the tires wear down and there is no way to change said tires. Its annoying. Drifting is a pain however you can tune your car to make it able to drift around the track. So thats a plus. Gear dif. set to long and make it grip the corners and it makes it a lot easier to drift.
,Not Recommended,255220,31673994,Posted: 10 May,all,cvnic,"Pretty much everything about this horrible, the handling sucks e.g. speed does not seem to alter the ability of your car to steer at all, AI is horrendously unfair and keeps ramming you and last but not least it's pretty ugly for a 3 year old game, even on maxed out settings and 8x MSAA.Oh, have I mentioned rubberband AI already?Play Project Cars instead."
76561198059315551,Not Recommended,255220,21954416,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sanflaa™,"I bought this game cause i thought it was a ''Good'' car game to the PC platform, but with the bad setup for navigating to stuff, finding cars, races, maps, just wants me to jump in the sofa and turn on the Xbox one and play fortza.When you are in a race, driving outside the line is trash here. You get a penelty... Why? I just whana race and have fun, but no.I whis i didn't by this game on that sale...There are some good things, but i didn't find them in the small playtine i played this game for...Sorry, but copy Forza, and paste it to Windows."
,Not Recommended,255220,28666014,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☭ skips ☭,"Great cars, great graphics, great career modeBut trying to turn a corner smoothly was cancerous, turning corners felt like i had no traction control over the road.6.5/10"
,Recommended,255220,28574013,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DarkMavrik,"Great game, very nice racing game."
76561198098071661,Recommended,255220,20731832,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cox Ucker,im happy to say...it will..... fit on my honda
76561198049373925,Not Recommended,255220,21015505,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Crallade,"Not significantly better than Grid 2, despite the hype. Graphics no better. Handling is still just as broken and floaty(but in a very slightly different way). Other cars are still 'sticky' and far 'heavier' than player car leading to endless frustration after what should have been minor and insignificant contact. Meh."
,Recommended,255220,20738001,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,tirefireRF,"This game is very great in a lot of ways. The graphics are simple but crisp and modern at the same time. Game graphics are very realistic as are the car mechanics. Sounds of the cars could be more realistic, I have drove some of the cars in the game in real life, they just don't sound the same. To sum up, its an overall great game and is a good subsite from Forza Motorsport."
,Not Recommended,255220,34044814,Posted: 5 August,all,Murdoc.||VSF||,"I thought should be this game as the best from Grid 2 with the tracks that we have at Grid one, but unfortunatelly, not! Save some bucks - Keep Grid 2!"
76561198035726780,Recommended,255220,33861865,Posted: 28 July,all,Malau,"Just came to this after trying the free (but heavily nerfed until you cough up the cash)  Forza 6 for Win10, I didn't expect Grid to be so damn good, but it is !!The cars handle beautifully, the graphics are excellent, the sound is meaty, no complaints.......Well, just one complain - the default behind car cam views are wayyyy too low, meaning you go into corners blind.BUT THERE IS A FIX - Google for 'GRID Autosport Cam Mods by AgentHeX 0007' - it allows you to raise the chase camera height, for those of us that prefer a higher cam position."
,Recommended,255220,10966839,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Killer Of Men,"After playing both GRID and GRID 2, I was not expecting to much, but I was blown away to be honest.  This GRID is so much more and then some.  I love it.  It really is so much closer I believe to the authentic feel of racing, from the vehicle types to the track types.  It is a great all around game that I am looking forward to taking me a long time to become tired of, and then there is the online side, there is where the real fun starts!"
76561197992312662,Recommended,255220,10911671,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DT-MadManCK,"Grid Autosport is a fun racer. Some game modes bring a lot of entertainment.It is a lot better than Grid 2 IMO.Ai does everything that is NOT allowed on a track, blocking, cutting, dangerously returning to track, brake testing, ramming and catching. %)Some (super) cars are insane to drive.Game has some issues with online stability or stuttering image. For the rest it runs like clockwork.Wheel support is excellent. Lots of feel and no need for adjusting. Everything works from the box. And button layout can be customized off course. (Fanatec CSW)Only played 12 hours so far. But it is looking good. Better than expected."
,Recommended,255220,11314242,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Hewi,Very good racing game
76561197977697008,Not Recommended,255220,11906896,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,The Hyper 1,"I have tried so hard to like this game after playing grid 2 but it aint as good! hate how they have split the racing up in to 5 sections! drifting is awful and endurance mode is the worse game mode in a car game ive seen! 6 min races with the last laps with no tyre wear! cars handling is terrible compared to G2! Multi player does not exsist and if you do get into a game you will just get crashed into all the time! and I payed £30 for this, a month odd after release its the deal of the day for £15! buy G2 and dirt 3 instead or for a proper sim get assetto corsa or wait till 80% off!"
76561198029706641,Recommended,255220,11992029,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Markgeddon,fun fun fun!
76561198002546711,Recommended,255220,12003872,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,|A4-1|Shaker,"this game sucks, i want my money back, cant even get the game to load, and ive tried EVERYTHING !!!!"
76561198055334637,Recommended,255220,10830909,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Synyster Goats,"Haven't had much of a chance to play the game yet. There's an annoying little glitch that causes the game to freeze at some point in every race. The sound and controls still work while it's frozen, but the screen doesn't change at all. I'll certainly change my review if this issue is fixed soon, but so far, I feel as if I've gone and wasted my money. Please don't let me down Codemasters.-----------------------------------------------------------EDIT:After playing with the graphics settings for a bit, I've found that the cause of this problem was the smoke shadow option. Disabling this has seemingly solved the issue and I can now play the game fine.From what I can now tell, Grid Autosport feels like that excels at little more than being fun. It doesn't feel like a racing simulator, and it's missing many of the things that could help redeem it in that aspect such as full racing wheel support and a detailed car interior. However, the developers have clearly been hard at work, and I feel that this game has a lot of potential to expand. The physics are great, the graphics are decent and the game doesn't hammer your computer much if you're on the lower end of the hardware scale. As earlier stated, Grid Autosport is fun and is definitely worth picking up if you can spare the money."
76561197991637230,Recommended,255220,10923542,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mitch,"This is a racing game made for racers.  People who genuinely love motorsports.  People who have actually DONE motorsports before.  People who know what racing really is like in real life.This review is written having only played the game with a G27 racing wheel and only manual sear shifting with all HUD's disabled for the most racing like experience.I've done my fair share of track days and i can tell you, think is the most realistic car racing game i have played.  There's plenty of people complaining the game feels too slow, the cars don't grip in corners blah blah.  Well guess what, those people have never driven on a track in their life.  When on a racing track, unless you're in a ultra fast ferarri or koensigg or something, guess what, you feel SLOW.  That's how it is.  Your car is slow.  People are so used to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car sims that put so much emphasis on feeling like you're flying along or arcade racing games that let you go around corners at 400kph that they have no idea what it's actually like to race a car.So more on the good parts.The handling of the cars:Fantastic.  Cars handle how they should. FWD understeers coming too hot into a corner, or if you put power down coming into a corner and you can even get the♥♥♥♥♥out with lift off oversteer when driving really agressive.  All of that is true in a FWD cars handling characteristics and they are all spot on in the game.  RWD cars oversteer if you power on too much mid corner, or over a crest.  You can really feel the suspension working.  Coming super hot down a hill into a banked corner?  Your suspension will start to wallow like a real car trying to deal with sideways g-forces, and if not careful in a RWD car, will cause oversteer.Graphics:AMAZING.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  The attention to detail is amazing.  From the different exhaust outputs of the cars (some will be obviously running rich, some not, etc) to the in car view of the dash being out of focus (because you're looking at the track, not the car) but obviously having some type of MOTEC carbon fiber HUD in place of the standard cars one, to the general cars decals and body panels.  The world around looks so gorgeous, beautiful lighting, amazing scenery, and really perfect track textures.Racing modes:The only thing the game is missing in terms of racing modes is drag racing and rally.  Which is not a downside to me.  Drag is always a short lived interest in racing games and rally is much a massive part of racing it really does require its own game.One massive thing to note is the different racing game modes all have different racing styles.  Touring cars are mega aggressive, open wheelers really require you to be careful with damage on and time attack is like how time attack is with sporadic cars you have to deal with.Sounds:I love the fact you can hear the tyres gripping, the straight cut gears int he gear box and the pop from fuel injectors still being on when your changing gears, because screw fuel efficiency.Its the little things:To me what really makes this game great is the little things.  Like picking a perfect line through a series of corners then coming out and realising you just shaved a second or 2 off your lap time.  The spectators not being 2d, the clouds and lighting are so gorgeous and the cars look amazing. Even the simple and elegant UI still keeping perfect functionality.  The fact you log in, and the game says with voice ""Welcome back (name here), there's some new events in the touring car championship, go check them out!"".  You can really tell Codemasters have really put their heart and soul into this game.Summary:If you're a grown adult that loves racing, and has done it before, this is the game for you.  If your some pimply teenager that thinks GTA and Need for Speed are racing simulators, this isn't for you."
76561198031195287,Recommended,255220,10971965,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LFT | CrouchPotato,"Tons of fun, very realistic sim."
,Recommended,255220,10988104,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,vandyl,This racing game perfectly balances arcade-like forgiveness with the true-to-life dynamics of more specialized racing sims like iRacing.  It is GRID.
76561198070739785,Recommended,255220,11007399,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Watushio,"Realy nice racing, with a bit if efford you feel like a pro."
76561197987253930,Recommended,255220,12212360,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Wereferret,"so many ways to race and different cars to race in, it boggles the mand"
,Recommended,255220,10808713,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Menphues,"Yes and no.  I would and would not recommend this game.For some reason my hours have not been updated on the time I played this game, and I have played over 10hours of this game so far, so I am confused by eh ho!Lets start simple and then get some detail.Graphics are nice and clean polished out.Audio is car noises, really it is nothing special or amazing it's a car game...Controls are the same as other racers, keyboard and mouse or controller and I chose the controller as it handled better and easier to play.Now the game.If you like to drive on the inside view like me, then you now can in Grid BUT and it's a big BUT.  There is no detail, literally a blank crappy steering wheel with a literally shape style dash board, there is NO speedo or gauges (How ever it is spelt) or anything just a black shaped canvass to mimic the dashboard.  FAIL!Car control: The cars feel weird like driving into a control at 100Mph and it looks like 30Mph but the engine is screaming.... you turn in at 60 and it slide a little bit but responds soooo quickly unlike any other game.  Literally brake? No! All you do is role around corners literally role because you do not need a break.  I been winning races with no HUD at all and I mean nothing on, never touching the break and roling around the corners which is annoying.Literally the cars handle like ice, sliding around things quickly.There is a nice feature which is the second monitor feature which allows you to see a scoreboard and different viewing angles when driving, but when I turned this on the game played terrible and was super laggy, but I am unsure if this is because I have the main monitor at ultra 144Hz so I do not know.  Just still unplayable with that on and a nice feature at the end of the day.If you like racing games then maybe this might suite you.  I love and enjoy racing games but I found playing this the same as others and offering nothing new.  Literally nothing new, and it feels like I've played this before (Grid 2) and I am bored of playing it after 2hours but thought to soldier on and play more and more.The mutliplayer is where the fun is if you get a lobby where people race correctly and do not ram the hell out of you.  Ghost mode ACTIVATED! Drive through me now!Really the game has tons and tons of these and no one really drives like a correct race is supposed to and that bores me, specially having to create a ghost lobby to stop the rammers makes it unrealistic but then seeing the car control it makes it okay.It literally feels like a DLC from Grid 2.  Really it's nothing special or new and that bores me and lets the game down!Would I recommend this game? Yes and no but sadly I cannot choose these two options.  If you like a 5minute drive around a track then avoid this, but if you are a die hard racer who loves ALL racing games then play this.  I like it do not get me wrong but playing this expecting something new is the wrong way to see it and for that I cannot play anymore but I will really try."
76561197980216656,Recommended,255220,10851786,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BTlonestar,
76561198072403827,Not Recommended,255220,10967592,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Osirusine,"This a big step backwards from GRID 2. While it looks and plays much the same there is really no customisation options at all.Your not creating your on team here so theres no personalised livery's, no cars to be won or earned just driving so basically all your experience earns you is access to more races. Pick you sponser, drive the tracks, repeat. This may be a more accurate simulation of the ""world of professional Motorsport"" but for me it lacks anything to motivate me to continue.That said If your into racers you may enjoy it. it is a well made racing sim but if your more of a casual racer your probably going to find this a bit dull."
76561198075272806,Not Recommended,255220,13155363,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arctiix,This is one of the worst racing sims I have played on PC.
,Recommended,255220,13173028,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MistaJarJar,"One of the best PC raceing games ive bought, its defenitley worth the money!"
76561197970395545,Recommended,255220,13463428,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,makugx,"Best GRID game yet.PROS: Excellent combination of FUN and SIM.Drift mode has been improved to become the best drift sim to date (2014)Racing is great.Ai is very challenging, agressive, and makes mistakes, making it an excellent opponent.CONS: Lack of options and modes and customizations of events.No pits stopNo parking lot/airport track to do whatever in a big square with customizable cones to make tracks.The slight slide it does when turning is annoying and not accurate. Could get rid of that physics ""attribute"""
,Not Recommended,255220,19248755,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,rhaegar,"I actually spent $22 on a ridiculously ♥♥♥♥ing game where it doesn't steer even at slow speed I mean like what ?I have high expectations on this one but sadly failed, sorry guys won't recommend this game if you're into racing games dont play this one intead buy PCars or Forzasad :("
76561197993900153,Not Recommended,255220,15042762,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,USA BIG BAD DOG CATCH IF U CAN,Cars dont handle good like in grid or Toca race driver 3 they have the cars driving like♥♥♥♥♥♥do not buy this game they need to fix it like Toca race driver 3 where u can pick slim or pro slim driving.
,Recommended,255220,13558298,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MrGrehn,this game is the is realy good you should get it
,Not Recommended,255220,13175772,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MrGiggles,Eh... long unskippable cut scenes- the very reason I don't play DIRT.
76561198091033359,Recommended,255220,21764140,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,davirms,"Great game !!!Cons:* Poor car collisions! This is a game ! let me crash my car into others if I want !!! Use rules and not STUPID COLLISION PHYSICS! Please, fire the person who had this great idea !!! It really turns the game down. Almost take a NOT RECOMMEND because of this, even being a great game.PLEASE !!! DO NOT ""CONTROL"" THE PHYSICS ANYMORE !!! Put rules intead of it!* The only point missing is online co-op carrer."
,Recommended,255220,22207019,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Roofus,"Loved this game, i got really into it. I loved playing season and tried online a little bit but now I can't even get into the game. I just get this notification saying that I can play it or I can play it with touch something enabled. Neither option works and it's reallllllly annoying. Plz help gaben... Plz."
,Recommended,255220,13507296,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr. Dre,Very nice game
,Recommended,255220,13426450,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kamas,Fwiggen epic(the cars operate like actual vehicles and aren't artificially hard to drive for the sake of being a racing sim)
,Not Recommended,255220,13658506,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Maverick|ƒn|³✪,Game will not load just bought it when i try t open my screen just goes black with the logo on it and goes back to selection screen and will not let me play the game so i am saying no to this game till this is fixed
,Recommended,255220,13596980,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FlamingStar,Graphics:10/10Gameplay:8/10Soundtracks:8/10Cars:10/10Reality:10/10Game Modes:10/10 (Loved drift though)
76561198106562908,Not Recommended,255220,17374692,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Srg NightFire,im a big grid player and always wanted autosprot but DISSAPOINTED 1.AUTO PICK CARS!!! the ai you get tou help you no matter how menny times i tell him to move up always in 8th 2. no cars??? no customizes ??? why the f one car come on need for speed is better den this . 3. the phsisis of this game is tempamentle no drifting no power sliding it just stopes your car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4. the seond screen opishion alwys resets my grapics settings to default and always windows wants to change my secm to windows bisics?? this is the only game thant dose this my specs gigabite bord i5 cpu clocked at 4.00ghz 8gb ddr3 ram clocked 1600mhz a r9 290 amd sapiher 2bg card clocked a500gb wd blue 5200rpm drive WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DOSE WINDOWS WANT BISICK? it evin rates evry thing 7.9
,Not Recommended,255220,16896798,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Zaotron,"Not as fun as GRID 2. I'm not sure if it's because it's more realistic or what, but I'm finding the car handling to be a lot stiffer, and acceleration a lot more handicapped against the AI (even on maps when we are driving the exact same cars). It also penalizes you greatly for aggression by stalling your engines, so... Not as fun, from my personal perspective."
76561198241272134,Recommended,255220,18155449,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Your Mom and I,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game
76561198061310836,Recommended,255220,11322752,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ventes,Way way better than Grid2. Yes they have cockpit. Not fancy but they have it. Cars feel better. You have to actually drive like a kinda civil person. Drifting in all cars will not get you ahead of ppl in turns. Like alos how u can make your teammate play passive or agrresive. It's very nice to see some control in teammate play style. Also vechicle damage is way more apparent in this game.  If you hit something to hard you will know it all race long. Still not Grid 1..... Close though and I am impressed.
76561197974865536,Recommended,255220,11333733,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lelisevis,"Get a wheel, get a seat, get a rush. Bumper to bumper, taking it to the edge and beyond whilst monitoring damage, giving team orders and battling for the number one spot. Can't recommend enough."
76561197961332116,Not Recommended,255220,11534380,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,feenix,So many bugs. Don't bother wasting your time as any progress you make will just corrupt in the blink of an eye and it's all lost.
76561198127731996,Not Recommended,255220,11514043,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,FlugL,Game Crashes after 5 sec racing. how do I get my money back??
,Recommended,255220,11181291,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Easy GabeN,"I mainly purchased this game because I loved GRID 2 and I thought it would be great with my sim as it now has a cockpit view. I don't know why, but driving with a wheel and a 6-speed gear doesn't feel as good as it did in GRID 2. GRID 2 was also A LOT easier than this; I feel like I get demolished even on easy. I would definitely recommend getting this game, but only for people that enjoy a super-realistic game where you need to do really well to win (which I don't; why I loved GRID 2)."
,Recommended,255220,11356605,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,«eメoω» シ,good game
76561197970764789,Not Recommended,255220,26007273,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,skinnydaddy,"Great So the newest entry removes the ability to chose your car. Instead you're forced to use whatever  car the ""team"" is using. MOST ARE ABSOLUTE CRAP. If I was car maker and found out the way they treated the performance of some of the top end cars. The next time they showed up. They would be forcible removed from the property and told never to came back on pain of death.Any Mercedes, Heavy slow and can't turn a corner.Jaguars, undriveable.RX7, undriveable.and it only get worse from there.......This is the type of racing game I expect from a group who have never been behind the wheel of a car and consider atari pole position to be a documentary.They took everything fun about the earler games and removed it with a sledge hammer.Some reviewer site gave it racing game of the year. Ether there were NO other racing games or money exchanged hands.....Not worth buying even on sale...The only way to get a good car is to drive for ravenwest. No I don't want to drive for them. they are the ones I want to run off the damn road."
76561198066662465,Recommended,255220,19963264,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mango,"Here in my garage, just bought this new Lamborghini here, fun to drive up these hollywood hills,but you know what i like more than materialistic things.....KNOWLEDGE"
,Recommended,255220,22654303,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JimmyLit,its lit
76561198104942868,Not Recommended,255220,16379082,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Inc0gnito,not very fun imo
,Recommended,255220,14105567,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Giant Walrus,"From the first race i have never felt like this was a bad purchase. compared to the last game, Grid 2, which had an appauling handling engine that made every car serverely hard to control. but in this game they seemed to fix all the issues from the last. There are more event types (not just sprint and race), more tracks, more cars and dlc that is worth the purchase. The only way this title could be better is if it was less of a simulator, but then its not Grid anymore."
76561198161453838,Recommended,255220,17857929,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,SDIR,"This game is great. From a simulation stand point, it is realistic but not so much so that the game is no longer entertaining. It requires a basic knowledge of racing, but still preserves a lot of the fun in many other arcade games. And if the right difficulty is chosen, being in the pack is not frustrating at all but rather challenging and entertaining.There is one major concern I find though, that that is that the game crashes after a short while (15 minutes around), so until that is fixed it might be worthwhile holding off on a full price purchase.Overall, good game, definitely worth playing, just careful of the bugs."
76561198174269342,Recommended,255220,18051314,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,OrbitGlacier,"9/10 good crash physics, good selection of races and is just very fun to play"
76561198051192704,Recommended,255220,17880769,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,raiders5000,"Autosport is definitely a step in the right direction. The improvements to GRID & GRID 2 are apperant right from the offset. You get a cleaner UI, track visuals, and upgraded environmental physics. The improvements to career mode are pretty special too. I love the sponsors and unlockable content. But the AI really shines here. They can do some pretty unsavory things. I'm talking down-right obnoxious stuff. They're fun to race against...even if they knock me off the tracks...4 times in 1 race."
,Recommended,255220,17878005,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bazza2658,Excellent really good handling and fantastic graphics and track selection.
76561198167285868,Recommended,255220,17998772,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Nick Dimes,"This game is HUGE! In my best Donald Trump voice. Great physics and handling with a game pad, wheel support is in depth but takes some tweaking to get it accurate enough to play with it. Overall its a great game!"
,Recommended,255220,17980123,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,lunareklipse,"The game is fun for what it is.  Its a step back if you compare it to other Grid games with the career mode gone, you're basically jumping around from team to team but only earning XP towards one of the 5 different race modes.  You no longer can customize your car in any way, just take what you get.  No more garage to check out your stuff or any cool interfaces.  Its certainly an arcade racer, the cars feel pretty good to drive and the sound is pretty good.  The graphics don't really seem much different than the previous game at all.I personally like the old way of buying new cars and making them more of your own. Instead now you are driving whatever the contract you can pick gives you.  This is usually over several races so you may have 3 or 4 cars your driving in the ""season"" so you just pick whichever contract has more cars you might like and deal with the ones you don't really care about it.  One way its easier, you just start a series and skip the BS and race some cars.The AI can't help but hit you, they don't really take you out on purpose, but they always want to play bumper cars.  The driving is decent, its pretty satisifing, but unless Im missing something the interior view is god awful. Its just blurred out, so you can't see any of the gauges and are forced use the one from the hud, its sloppy and might as well not be there.If its on sale, its a good driving game to mess around with, I got it cheap so I can't complain."
76561198185357623,Recommended,255220,17853116,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,daviestim89,great game but dont like the menu layout
76561198136286587,Recommended,255220,17895149,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MX5-NL,Very Nice racing game.I have it for a while and it gets better and better.Nice extra's like the Race Net weekly races which gives you more money and levelWorks good with steering wheel
76561198077627056,Not Recommended,255220,17760539,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ĢลηﻞลMลη ₁₃₃₇,this game is dead! no people online!
76561198246334504,Recommended,255220,18212348,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,gcracing.gc,Keep getting kicked out ( black screen ) when in online running against my friend. not very good impression.
76561198133895643,Recommended,255220,18202094,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MrWhale,I LOVE THIS GAME BUT SOME POINT IN HE MIDDLE OF THE RACE THERE IS ALWAYS SYNCING AND I STOPS WY WHOLE GAME PLS DO WOMETHING ABOUT THIS
76561198219364163,Recommended,255220,18230057,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pie,very good game.
76561198111748839,Not Recommended,255220,28932565,Posted: 2 January,all,normann.mike,"I didn't see an online presence the only one time I checked.Not keyboard friendly, even after 3 hours of researching off of youtube/google/code's site.Beautiful Game.Enjoyed the physics.~~~~~~~~~~~~All In All~~~~~~~~~~~~Great game if you have a wheel.Don't need the best PC. In-Depth graphic selections.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I wouldn't recommend this game due to the possibilities of making a game like this capable of catering to not just wheel users."
,Recommended,255220,28681479,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Duke Lucky,"Really definitive game for the PC racing genre. This game had everything essential, and more. This game had so many cars, tracks, and even different game modes. If you like racing games, this is for sure for you."
76561198267493253,Recommended,255220,21840767,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,TheSPPawz,very hard but not impossable
76561198007487120,Recommended,255220,13016272,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Schmalzstulle,"great game, very versatile!The only exception is DRIFT racing. badly done, nearly impossible to beat on a steering wheel and even the commentary in game agrees: you get great compliments on a score that wont be enough to qualify. needs reviewing by the devs."
,Not Recommended,255220,21576787,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nokhal,No VR support anymore. All they need to do is to do a build with a post summer 2015 occulus/Open VR build but Codemaster discontinued the patch.
76561198100032716,Recommended,255220,14508372,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[RX] Osmanlı Devleti Osman Gazi,"To help my lazy typing fingers im gonna make this short and simple.lets kick it off with this. i have never played grid 1 or 2 but i have seen them on youtube,and i think those 2 games are absolutely perfect Looking racing games, and i also thinkthis game in its own right is perfect for the gamer who is (new to the genre) or just needsan everyday game.personally i dont think the game is boring or too arcade-like, and i think why they blurred out theinterior is so that you can concentrate on the road, and for that reason i dont think its bad.and that sums up my (short and simple review) or Grid autosport. i recommend it just for the factthat it is a amazing game to play!btw i thought that the grid 2 looked cooler than grid 1"
76561198077104228,Not Recommended,255220,11770137,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MaysEffect,"After waiting many weeks after the release of this game i decided to break down an throw more money into the Codemaster's pool of racing games. As many do now a days, i searched the web of pre-access user videos and reviewers to see how the in-game play would be. So before even purchasing i could tell there would be a lot of things i wouldn't like about the game, and somethings i would.  Overall this game is not worth the price it is going for, there are so many things that are off about this game or just not worth the value. If you still need a reason why you shouldn't buy it, keep reading.I own and play many codemaster games( F1 2010-13 , Grid, Dirt 2,3) so i have a good idea of how Codemasters work SHOULD be, but it seems they decided to cut every corner possible in this game. The AI, the physics, the track design/layout, have all been half arsed in comparison to the other games they have made, specifically F1 2013 which is by far the best version to date. It's strange to even think that this game is even made by the same people unless you look real close at some of the details in this game.My biggest gripe with this game, is the horrible attempt of the interior design of the vehicles, it's unbelievable how little f*cKs were given when they put these vehicles together. Considering games like Shift 2, forza 3-4 , which were made years ago, have superb interior and exterior design and a lot more cars! So there really isn't any reason for the excuse the designers may have.Some may still have an issue with the driving physics including myself, but i will say it can be pretty fun (like 20 minutes fun) when sliding about and buzzing of into the distance. Plus it's not like its uncontrollable, so i'm not going to knock on that door to much. Yes the problem is that tje they drifted towards....drifting physics, allowing the car to get extremely tail happy and overly dramatic body roll (tilt and lean) is apart of normal turning style, but in some cases it's a bit much considering that even the extreme formula cars suffer from snap oversteer and understeer if you don't get it just right.One thing that is decent about the game, is the basic tuning parameters. Even if you're a noob when it comes to vehicle tuning( unlike Forza where you have to be just shy of a mechanical engineer), you can get a sense of (hot or cold) when it comes to picking the right settings, and even if you are cold when it comes to choosing the right balance, you aren't severly punished on track, yes your times will be off but you now know why and can easily change it accordingly.But my last issue comes down to the detail in resolution. Its simply not there, there are still many areas through out the game that are simply too pixelated or not optimized. This may be a gripe with people who have spent a lot of money on their gaming rigs and want the best, of the best of the best, and for us this is not.It seems to me this game was probably meant to work well for people who have basic or mid range computers, so I can see where over a wider audience why it has been optimized at this level. Even maxed out on all settings my computer doesn't even break a sweat, which means there is a lot of graphical computing that is still bottled away to keep from killing users computer's. Though i've yet come across glitching issues, which some people like, to me it means not to many areas have been pushed to its maximum potential. A good example of this is Ubisoft games, they crash like hell and glitch like no other, but for the 15 minutes it plays, the quality is superb!"
,Recommended,255220,13613322,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,even,BEEP BEEP
76561198054761453,Not Recommended,255220,18187486,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,butthole,"Cool racing, but it never saves when you progress your carreer. Why? And its very bugged, sometimes I cant go to the main menu. My specs are amazing and it has nothing to do with the PC. You cant skip annoying videos that you are forced to look at over and over again since it just doesnt save your progress. I got bored. Glad I bought it on sale, because I would never pay for it's full price if I knew how it was going to be.."
76561198056873791,Recommended,255220,14152047,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Γαῖα,"Codemaster regains its composure in the grid series to produce a definite one foot forward offering. Clearly holding the F1 franchise is beginning to show dividends.The most noticable change is car handling,something far from the case in its predecessor Grid 2 and while not exactly pick up and play as Grid 1 is worth the effort to master. The single player story/campaign is hit n miss but again Grid never did hold an award for that part and car tweaking is minimalist to say the least. That aside all runs smooth,nice tracks, nice cars, much improved handling from 2 and more than reasonable AI dependant on setting.I still hanker for and lord the original as autosport comes across a little to clinical looking in presentation for my liking but this doesnt detract from it offering itself up as a really good driving gameGrid autosport with DLCs is the most complete grid package from cars,options,tracks to arcade amusement todate, its just a shame yet again to have to collect the DLCs to make it so."
,Recommended,255220,13653714,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JBR132,"This is a fantastic racing game, far better than its predceding titles. Its graphical fidelity is on par with Grid 2, and its mechanics are a vast improvement over both Grid 1 and 2. The game feels quite a bit more realistic than the other Grid games, more of a simulator than an arcade game, though it still retains a sense of fun and forgiveness of mistakes, at least at the lower difficulty levels. Though I have not used the online multiplayer system, I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a PC based racing game based on the merits of the singleplayer campaign alone."
76561198077188244,Recommended,255220,15209172,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Nasty Nate,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants @ 300km/h7/10
76561198101652734,Recommended,255220,33628437,Posted: 18 July,all,What a nice guy,+
76561198120651134,Recommended,255220,33882691,Posted: 29 July,all,偉大な敵,One of the few games that supports touch screen!
76561197966573552,Recommended,255220,34047603,Posted: 5 August,all,Spock RC,Excellent game. Only wish it had VR support.
,Recommended,255220,33933365,Posted: 31 July,all,Lime Jelly,"By far one of the top racers ive played from a good handful, it offers progressive challenges one after another from tract to urban circuits keeping it fresh and entertaining.""A must own title."""
,Recommended,255220,33946339,Posted: 1 August,all,Michael Jackson,10/10 very gud game but online is dedstill worth buying if its on sale
76561198044488033,Not Recommended,255220,20097669,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"Port doesn't work on MacHopefully Feral Interactive realizes this and fixes but I'm not wasting my time on it.It looks like a great game, so keep on the lookout for a patch but for now...No."
76561198118094560,Not Recommended,255220,20181476,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Amantis,"Very frustrating, in the name of ""realism"" the cars dont turn at all, slowing down gets you the last place, with no hope of overtaking the car in front of you let alone come first. if I wanted real racing i would have joined the grans prix."
,Not Recommended,255220,19914433,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ENDLESSLY.,"Worst grid I've ever played.Awful gameplay.Even if you love racing games, DO NOT BUY THIS"
76561198004820701,Not Recommended,255220,34422547,Posted: 22 August,all,Daedalius,"Pros:+ challenging endurance mode and time attack+ funny cars sliding on early career events (when traction control is off)Cons:- career looks like a joke. where is my grid 1.. grid?- almost all common tracks like spa/brands hatch are reversed during the career.  For God's sake, why?- useless ""teammates"", ravenwest has won every team cup- COCKpit view- absolutely boring the last stages of career ladders due to rails cars handling- buried drift mode- only few teams with the same colors during all events; no customisation at all- everyday crashes into Windows 10"
76561198385892121,Not Recommended,255220,34344347,Posted: 19 August,all,ddwaner,"Scenery looks good.I have over 7 controllers to try and they operate as 3 point driving with this game and Ride 2 , Center, Full left & Full Right, very little in between. Microsoft joystick tests show proportional control where it should be on all controllers.Make sure to get the Free Demolition Derby, it controls fine for what it is.[Need for Speed Shift (1) Drives the best.]"
76561198153837986,Not Recommended,255220,20518767,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,tanjoshua6,I stoped playing the game for about 2 months and now the game does not open
76561198248762060,Not Recommended,255220,21805182,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,yashgrover669,I installed it on mac and it does not work
76561198010835839,Not Recommended,255220,21826274,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DilDozer,"want to know what it feels like to drive a car on an ice rink? try this game.the AI is on rails and has no idea where the player is, driving side by side up to a corner where you've got the inside line the AI will try and take the perfect line for the corner and just smash rite into you every time and in most modes push you sideways over the inside of the corner triggering the ""over the line"" penalty for you.the drift cars are stupid they can start a rolling burnout in 3rd gear while doing 50kph and can somehow understeer in the middle of a full lock full speed slide."
,Not Recommended,255220,21841724,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Hobi,"This is my race, I am leading by a mile.4 laps to go. Nathan McKane gets into sixth.3 laps to go. Nathan McKane gets into fourth.2 laps to go. Nathan McKane gets into third.Final Lap. Nathan McKane gets into second. There is still a three second gap between him and myself.I am in the zone, I am on fire, I am driving the lap of my life, no mistakes, every corner, every straight is perfect. I will beat the lap record by a second.Doing some magic Nathan McKane decreases the gap to me to under a second.Final Corner. Normal racing line. Nathan McKane bumps into me and pushes me out of the way.Nathan McKane wins.I hate Nathan McKane."
,Not Recommended,255220,21893133,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,john ッ,does not support my wheel or many wheels infact.
,Not Recommended,255220,21904917,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,"Where would I start, hmmm ok the AI has a huge advantage and its not just the fact that they are faster than you for no apparent reason but also they seem to all be playing against you and you only. Its like one big team vs you, then you always have the cars they want you to drive and career mode is the most linear game I have ever seen in a race game before even more than the old Hot Pursuit. Not knowing that you cannot select cars I purchased DLC yeah noooooot. DLC I guess is just for my online cars collection but you cannot play online so they are basically just really pretty model textures to look at. All in all I say after 2 years of being on the market no game should be this dead online and that limited in scope to its offline play. Hey its a racing game these are usually not MMO buddyu so yeah way to make a flop. Not only that but why is Valve not doing anything to safegaurd its customers and loyal fans. I say that either these games need to be taken down or when the rating drops below mixed to negative the price has to be significantly dropped to reflect poor quality and development. If the old saying is you get what you pay for then what is valve and every other gaming company trying to tell us."
,Not Recommended,255220,21844413,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,GiffoROCKS,"I was hoping Codies had learned from their Grid2 mistake but I just dont understand how you keep ruining an IP like GRID, when it was so good.The handling is somewhat simple, the graphics are generally good but the interior of the cars are blurred out. GRID had interiors and even working dials.The replays are less interesting, the smoke and damage effects are poor and the sound is really dull.  The inside of a touring car sounds like its full of cotton wool.Its not terrible but is not as good as the original GRID, and it should be leaps and bounds ahead nowadays.The career is also very limiting and is simply a succession of single races.I do like the addition of practice, qualifying and reverse ordering of cars in round 2.  Also, the time penalties and ability to multiply the number of laps.  But good rules like this on a poorly driving car with no personal team is worthless.Lets hope that the next GRID is the best of all the games in the franchise."
76561197999066036,Not Recommended,255220,21810002,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kaa,Don't work on Linux with ati-drivers-15.9
,Recommended,255220,13604234,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DriftMachine,"I think Grid 2 offers beter game play. This game looks and runs good.The AI plays dirty. The only way to win any match in this game is to play dirty. I think this game is bad for creating good sportsmanship. When the AI play like a sore loser how can you expect the players to play clean in online races.If you are ok with dirty AI, then this game might we worth getting. I still enjoy it every now and then, but find the dirty ai part frustrating."
76561198001364359,Recommended,255220,14716102,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Neuron27,"Excellent Game. 5 speed shifter and clutch on Logitech G27 works flawlessly, PC split screen play if you have more than one controller. Grab the drag pack for it as well, it's cheap and is loads of fun with friends... Overall 4 out of 5 but only due to the fact that it has more of an ""arcadey"" feel to it rather than realistic sim.. I suppose it depends what you are looking for!"
,Not Recommended,255220,13611116,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,keviL`,"If you played a lot of GRID(the first one) you'll be desapointed by this one. It's a good racing game overall, but not as good as the first. Graphics are the same, but handling and braking are deffinately annoying after a while. Also the penality for going over the sidemarks(red/white lines) are probably the most annoying thing. There is no user playing online which make the buy car/garage useless as the single player mod doesnt give you the choice to choose your car. You play for a contract, that give you only XP, no money, so no car, no upgrade in single player. In overall its a good game, but clearly overpriced for what its worth. Wait for sales."
,Recommended,255220,18523565,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,onii-chan,Had the potential to be one of the greatest racing games of all time and I still very much enjoy it and thoroughly believe its the best one in the Grid series but it was let down by it's absolutely god awful AI.9/11 For suicidal AI.
,Recommended,255220,18638774,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,leo,GOODD
,Recommended,255220,18640980,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,alice,i recommend this game100/10great selection of tracksnice graphicssoo muchh car <3
76561197998715854,Not Recommended,255220,18258027,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Karmaterrorᵁᴷ,"Well, there is a lot i dont like about this game, so il start with what i do. I like that the driving model seems to lean more towards sim than previous Grid games. The braking model still needs a lot of work, but its moving in the right  direction. I also like that its one of the few games that actually acknowlege drift as a valid brach of motorsport. I also like the inclusion of cockpit view, if not its implementation.So what do i dislike so much about it, well here goes. Why oh why would they remove the buying of cars and customising your team livery. That was one of the best things about the first grid, it felt like your team. Now its just a sucsession of meaningless contract races and the only progression involved is watching some XP bars go up. Thats literally the progression, no unlocks, no buying cars, no customising, nada. But without a shadow of a doubt mybiggest gripe is the ommisin of pitstops. After damaging my car mid lap, i thought id pit and get some repairs. Spotted the pit lane entrance line, dove towards it, and hit a tyre wall blocking its entry. Really this is sub par for a racing game even if its trying to fit into the ""simcade"" category.Now the multiplayer looked a lot more promicing in terms of progression, with a garage you could presumably fill with cars you actually buy, maybe even customise them. However after the stale taste i was left with by my singleplayer experience i didnt do much MPat all. I felt like they had gutted the best bits from SP an then tacked on a worse version to MP.My advice for a winning grid title would be. Include pitstops, I mean really its a car game. Have a large garage we can use for both single and multiplayer, earning the same currency in both modes. Give us back team customisation, this really connects the player to the game. It makes it feel like its ""yours"", not a borrowed ride.ProsStunning graphicsDrift evetsFireworks at spa!ConsNo pitstop featureNo team customisationBraking model still needs workThis could have been a great simcade racer, but the singleplayer experience dosent connect the player to the team or the car. The progression is terrible, nothing there to unlock, just watching bars fill up with different colours. All the ingredients were there, but for me its a ""go backand try again"" moment for the grid franchise.As i mentioned though i didnt play much MP raceing, maybe id have gotten a different impression if I had done more. But after my SP experience i didnt want to go any furter with it. Very dissapointing :("
,Recommended,255220,16722682,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,✪ yalpeRr,"I like it, it is like a more realistic need for speed. 6/10"
76561198254491554,Recommended,255220,34084761,Posted: 7 August,all,julianhughes,"After Grid 2 I wasn't sure I wanted to spend any more money on this series but I heard that Codemasters listened to the criticisms and made improvements and got back to the spirit of the original so I risked it and bought Grid Autosport.I'm just 9 hours into this and love it!The original Grid was fantastic, then Grid 2 was kind of half brilliant and inspired but half face-palm dumb and irritating.  Grid Autosport has purged the awfulness (ear bleedingly annoying game voice with verbal diarrhea, fake ESPN clips, pseudo social media BS, glacialy slow interludes between events and so on) and gets back to racing, racing, racing!It looks incredibly good with very realistic circuits and environments.  The sound is great too.  Each of Grid, Grid 2 and Grid Autosport have slightly different handling models and I have enjoyed them all.  I know some people hate every time it changes but to adapt and learn is not such a big deal and, for me, each new game's vehicle handling has been an improvement over the previous.The damage effects in Grid Autosport are very good and you can no longer just smash your way through a pack like in Grid and Grid 2.  Well, you can try but soon the car will be hard to drive, tyres will fail, engine lose power and so on.  Driving with a bit of cunning and your brain engaged gets you results, whereas just trying to ram your way through more than likely gets your rivals teaching you a lesson and leaving you sideways in the gravel in last place.The tuning and practice sessions are rewarding and enjoyable.  You can make changes and feel the improvements, or otherwise, without it being overly technical or boring.  The qualifying sessions are great;  just you, the car, the track:  3 laps and no restarts.  You concentrate to drive your well set up car on the best lines, make a great time, get up the grid  and feel ready to race and win.  Then it's race day and there are all these other idiots on the track messing up your beautiful racing line and making you work hard to test them and try all different stuff to get past.The races are excellent: hard and competitive and unpredictable.It's great!"
76561198093946812,Recommended,255220,10902390,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Just Joe,If you want to drive the best cars in the world round the best tracks in the world then get this
76561198015937695,Recommended,255220,11923926,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,knot,so far i like it
76561198086662205,Recommended,255220,11979368,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,STARCORE,Grid is not a sim but a very entertaining and immersive game. Very well balanced and so many styles of gameplay it will endure for re-playability for a very long time.  Highly recommended for console type controller or for high tech stearing wheel and vision systems.   A great successor to the original Grid game and way better than Grid 2 IMO.
76561198082681907,Not Recommended,255220,11998278,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BeefHammer99,"I'm more of a realistic racing gamer.  I am a die hard Gran Turismo fan, so realisim/simulation is very important to me.  So im not really a fan of the arcade racing games, which is what this game is. I played the first Grid and it was pretty good for when the game came out. GT6 really set the bar high, so if your looking for a racing game that makes you feel like your actually racing, Grid Autosport is not the game for you."
,Recommended,255220,12026379,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Phil,"Having played and loved the first grid, I found found grid autosport to be just as good and better. The main thing i have enjoyed is racing multiplayer online with just my brother, but being abe to fill the rest of the slots up with ai. Theres a good selection of tracks track and cars as well.I would say the car some of the car models can be a bit poor, but in the heat of the race you dont tent ot notice the lack of detail. The visuals overall though are good.But overrall if you enjoyed Grid, i would expect you would enjoy this just as much."
,Recommended,255220,10899452,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,iceman021,"Simcade to the extreme, feather the throttle and hold the line then the game is more of a sim style game BUT as soon as you add too much throttle or brake mid corner too hard... Boom... Arcade racer with minor simgivings.Use a FFB Wheel (I have the G25) and it rewards you with a fun experience. Not for the hardcore sim fans, but definitely fun for the pick up and play crowd."
,Not Recommended,255220,10902375,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lenko,"While it's a pretty game to look at, the overall experience is lacking.The ABS should be an anogram for 'Always Locking Breaking System' as the breaking is terrible, even when using analogue controls.A.I. opponents are lack lustre. They will hold their driving line, even if it means smashing into your rear quarter panel, sending you off the track. Sorry, but if I have the inside line and carrying the speed into the corner (all whilst controlled), the AI should not be trying to send me into the wall because they want to keep their line.The cockpit view is horrendous and obviously only put in after the outcry from Grid 2's omition. The fact is, they could have and should have put a few more hours into it. It's a blurry mess.The Career mode is a simple set of menus and it feels like the available vehicles and tracks are limited, in comparison to previous installments. This isn't the case, however it gives that impression due to the menu's being so 'cut-off' from the player in comparison to Grid and even Grid2.There is no sense of continuation in your career either, apart from five vertical bars that increase with arbitrary numbers after each race. You don't have your own team, you don't manage your team-mate. You are simply a gun for hire for random teams. You don't even get to choose your livery, colour scheme, or even your vehicle number.In all honesty, everything in this game has been done before and done far better.Racedriver: Grid, is still the best in this series.Such a shame."
76561197995674440,Not Recommended,255220,10921283,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Orestes 910,"Too arcadey for when I'm in the mood for a sim-lite, and too hard to control for when I'd like an arcade style game that requires that you use the brakes. A game with an identity crisis which will leave neither the hardcore nor the casual satisfied."
,Recommended,255220,11061766,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Twitch - AndrewBrysonCrone,GREAT
76561197999392103,Not Recommended,255220,11987351,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,seatux86,"I've gone through what seems to be an endless list of patches till this day of posting and still the game is still able to astound me with the constant bugs.Critical: 5 BSOD events during playing the game itself. Playing the older Grid 2 yields hours of interrupted gameplay, or anything else for that matter. Then lose all your progress from starting the game before the crash.Cons:1. AI: Can concur with most that the AI is behaving in an unruly manner, especially ones by Ravensport. What's more as easily they can spin you out, you can't retaliate effectively by PIT because they seem to be immune from pushing?2. Downforce + Grip: I can expect the Touring cars to be slidy, but a F312 Dallara acts like its driving on ice. Or things one would expect to have more default downforce. Also AI seems to be able to slide at speed, while player cannot.3. Tuning: Inital mid level tuning is too coarse for some courses. It should be full tuning at all times or never at all. Tuning isalso a cure for the poor grip/downforce on the F312 for example.4. The nag everytime a season ends. If I wanted it to be harder, I would be playing Asseto Corsa with a phone keypad. Or drive a real car. Just saying.5. Endurance: At the shortest length, the tyre wear is overly much. If it happened in real life, you would sue the tyre company. Also losing grip means driftiness, but the controls won't allow finessed drifting, thus crashes occur.Pros: 1. First time I had an opportunity to drive Aussie V8 supercars. I now understand why the country is divided into before races.2. Discipline variety: Keep alternating to relive the tedium of driving on the same tracks in every possible direction. Like the old days of NFS underground. Surprisingly apart from the speed, one can drive the same way  between all categories.Since I would not be able to finish the game without crashes every other race, this game is a reminder of my own folly of buying a pre-order sim from CM ever."
76561197964036171,Recommended,255220,11077315,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,reborn,"Love it. Love all my simulators, but this is just plain fun. Kinda like Dirt 3 for street racing. If you own a wheel and enjoy racing games, this is worth your money."
76561198013898901,Recommended,255220,11922552,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PMP_ViOLeNcE,"I'm a die hard sim racing fan and very rarely play arcade racers.  That being said, GRID Autosports is certainly not the greatest racing game I've ever played but I will say it does a great job of bridging the gap between arcacde and simulation.  If you're looking for a down right fun racing game without wanting to get into the technical side of upgrading and tuning cars this game is what youir looking for.  On another positive note, I think this game will help to get startup racers playing more technically proper sim racing games."
,Recommended,255220,11952256,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,mpk,"Better game than Grid 2, even if it's fundamentally the same engine with a different UI. The handling differences bring it back in line with the original Grid, to the point that it feels like you actually have to RACE, instead of GRID 2's constant drifting."
76561197970206233,Recommended,255220,11989997,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,nosalisCZ,"good fun game, really good racing atmosphere.Physical/handling model is improved over a Grid2, still not that fantastic, but for more casual gameplay is good.Cockpits are still not really detailed for driving from cockpit view as we are used to in other games, but I don't think that's the pointwould love it to be more realistic in the terms of racing with things such as Flag rules, Safety car and Pitstops."
,Not Recommended,255220,11998110,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,floorpeas,"The AI are bullish on anything above medium dificulty. If you want competitive racing, be sure to be ready to fight. However if rubbing is racing, this game isnt about racing. Any contact with other cars seems to put you in a slide and spin. The physics when you're rubbing behind another car seem to disappear and your rear steps out as if you hit a sheet of ice.Its an ok game, but be sure to keep the rewinds, ready for when the AI decides to put plough into your side when you're holding the racing line"
,Recommended,255220,12006653,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,More,I been a fan of the GRID series and I have to say this is a good GRID better than GRID 2. Everything that was wrong about GRID 2 is fixed in Autosport and they brought back cockpit view which I was disappointed that wasn't on GRID 2.
76561198066858177,Not Recommended,255220,12018483,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,smug37,"laggy stuttering gameplay, awful."
,Not Recommended,255220,12025204,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,Extremely bland but competently made. Only worth it if you are really desperate for a half-decent racing game that doesn't demand a wheel.
,Recommended,255220,12082855,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ariake,Bestest grid. Perfect really
76561198007643742,Recommended,255220,12112470,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Zimian,"Another in a string of dissapointments from Codemasters. They used to be one of the top racing game makers. Now, it seems like every year things get worse. The original GRiD was actually quite good except for two flaws: the inexplicable stacks of tires along the walls and the flashback feature. You couldn't see the tire stacks so you would drive a normal racing line, going near the walls, and then BAM you're wrecked. The flashback was a nice concept, but it ultimately failed because it never went back far enough.The 2004/2005 rally game was the last good one they made. The F1 games were disappointing, GRiD 2 was horrible, and the DiRT series tried but ultimately failed, especially DiRT 3. It was great that 3 brought back more rallying, but Gymhkana 'hoonigan' events, seriously? Games are supposed to be fun, and that's not fun, it's just stupid.GRiD Autosport seems to be an attempt to recapture some of the first GRiD game's fun factors. It doesn't do that. The controls are snappy, unnatural, and unpredictable. With oriignal GRiD, it was start up and play, Not with Autosport. It suffers, as many current driving games do, from 'current-gen overdone graphics lag,' which is my way of thinking about how developers feel compelled these days to ignore physics and animate each little frame when moving from one position to another at the expense of response time and realism. When it takes half a second for the game to respond to me pressing the button for reverse view, that's a big warning flag. What ends up happening is that the steering responds slowly and then more quickly, not in a linear fashion. This causes you to stop steering (or countersteering) when you see the right time to do it, but by the time you see it, it's already too late and you've overdone it. Then you try to counter (or counter-counter) that which only makes it worse. Thinking it was because I was using a gamepad controller, I tried my Logitech G27 wheel. Same thing. It's an unfortunate side effect of the capabilities of graphics display and engines and such being well beyond the capabilities of developers and the physica processing. Older games don't do that, but every game equating to PS3 and Xbox360 does, along with their PC equivalents.Yet we keep buying what Codemasters makes so I guess they accomplished their goals. For me, this is the last Codemasters game I will ever buy. Sad ending to a relationship going back to the first CMR game. Fortunately I still have CMR 2005 and play it regularly, TOCA 2 is still a lot of fun, and even DiRT 2 is at least enjoyable, if unrealistic and lacking in relevant driving modes. But having fun is what a game is all about, and those games deliver."
76561197976451925,Recommended,255220,10899860,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SoulAlien ::@<>@::,Best Games ever I playng....
,Recommended,255220,10904191,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,HipsterDepp,finally a great racing game available on PC. Nice job
,Recommended,255220,11064324,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jimbo_Hung,♥♥♥♥ yeah
76561198087881736,Not Recommended,255220,11771320,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,dean.chalkley1,"Difficult, frustrating and a tad boring. I still love the original GRID. I should have stuck with GRID 1 instead of throwing my money down the toilet."
,Recommended,255220,11990004,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,[RIP] BabylonCome,"Almost going back to this games roots of TOCA, this is the best track/street racing game on the circuit at the moment. With improved physics and almost sim controls (but just enough arcade) this is a must for all racing fans. The best single and online racer there is at the mo without the needs for a full on sim set-up... 9/10"
,Not Recommended,255220,11998706,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cooldued11,"IMO, it feels like someone got really lazy when they got to the ""resolution setting"" part of making a PC game... The game force streaches to my 4:3 monitor's shape when I set it to play at a 16:9 res with 16:9 screen ratio, Other games work it out just fine, this is the only game I'v ever had a issue with in that. although the game is quite pretty when at high settings.The controles for keyboard are just terrible untill you've played for a race or two (each time you play). you tap the A or D keys for half a second and your car is nearly sideways because it instantly goes full turn.So in my opinion, and in my situation of having a 4:3 monitor and no stearing wheel, it's not really worth the 50$ I would have paid if it wasn't on sale for 25$. and even for 25$ I'd kinda rather have my money back than have the game... :/Although if you do enjoy the game there is a good amount of game to play.Just my opinion. Also, I bought this hoping for something a little more like GranTurismo so it may just be that talking... or that this makes me think of NFS Pro street, which is a game I liked even less than this game."
,Recommended,255220,12014066,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Xiogang,Pretty decent game. Very nice graphics and gameplay. Only problems that needs to be fixed are the cockpit view (way too dark can't see any of the guages). And it seems that my teammate always comes in last place. Other than that great game!
76561198073707262,Recommended,255220,12048219,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Blomblomski,Best Racing game i've played
,Recommended,255220,12183252,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,1neStepJourney,Grid: Autosport has very good Eyefinity and Crossfire support. I enjoy how immersive each race is!
76561197979224835,Recommended,255220,10919047,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FlyingScotsman,"Grid AutosportFirst impressions after 8-9 hours single player play.Really enjoying this Grid this time, the handling the physics and graphics are delightfull.I'm running a 30"" Dell@2560x1600 with 2xTitans in SLI and all settings maxed out averaging 100-120 FPS.Looks stunning with the hi-res texture pack, the internal cockpit view is back (albeit it's kind of blurred).Was driving all day yesterday with my G27 wheel and pedals using semi-automatic gears and it feels very smooth.Loving it 10/10 for me.Would highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,255220,12192108,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,pman,"For single player, this is crap. The racing quickly begins to feel like qualifying sessions all day. There is a tyre wear model, but sadly, it's only present in ""endurance"" mode, and ""endurance"" mode is no longer than any other mode... Also, fake tracks with really close walls just annoy me."
,Not Recommended,255220,12260827,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ShadowFalcon,"Grid Autosport showed a lot of promise.The driving mechanics are good for thise category of SimCade racers, and the car choices are varied, but the game suffers from a bug that still to this day haven't been fixed.If you, like me, have a Laptop that uses an Inted HD Graphics 4000 for ""low-stress"" economical useage, and a nVidea GTX 880m for gaming, then the game will not launch in, and can't even run in, Full-screen.This is a basic mechanic of the game that should work, and in a world where even low-budget indies can make games accomodating these kinds of setups, a AAA racer that can't doesn't get my recommendation.Codemasters. Do it properly, I know you can make some good games."
,Recommended,255220,20407613,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,aaronfranke.tar.gz,yay
,Recommended,255220,26233638,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,eMMM,"Love this Game. Nice Graphic but, no ones for Online Race :("
,Not Recommended,255220,13163001,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MaxPred,"As a fan of simulators like iRacing, rFactor, Aseta Corsa and even Race 07 I would say that this game is arcady as f..kWhile driving You don't feel speeds and brakes fill like You are on ice all the timeAnd then ther is that rolling all the time. This game suggests that if You are driving with speed more than 100kph and get your back wheels outside of track You will start to roll+ AI is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it will make You whana break your controllerThis is arcady console game and it feels like it.Thouse who say it isn't just plays with all asists on and don't know nothing about real racing simulatorsPlease if You whana stay unsane, DON'T BUT THIS!!!"
76561198011021076,Not Recommended,255220,13202047,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,r00ter,"long story short:neg:- unskippable intros everywhere- menu guiding is horrible, feels like dos- ai aggressive to the bones, war on the streets & rubberbanding like need for speed- steering setup on gamepad and steering wheel pure junk!- no complete free selection of free race, this car, this track, this racetype and done. no it isn`t possible!pos:- the engine performs nice, scales top in sli up to 4k- its a good looker overallconclusion:i should only have spend 10 bucks and not more to this game. now i feel ripped of.read more if you have time:great game so far, i am getting forced through varoius intros i cant skip, the steering options have no explanation what they are doing exactly or nether they show me what they do, i have to go through try&error to figure it out.saturation, wtf guys? i have color saturation on my screen, but not in steering! i want to have a option for deadzone, check ok. then i want a option, where i can set the curve type, with an optical indicator of what i am doing and not a % mark!!! and then thats it! deadzone and how fast the steering is reacting to my input and not some saturation or what the hell this is, i cant figure it out for my life!oh btw, did i mentioned it? the menus are confusing in total.i cant even set up somthing as simple as a free race, select this car, give me this track and go. no car types and race types and slam bam in ya face more and more and more menus, after menus, after menus with a extra hidden menu and i select this to get drag, then it resets my car types and if i select this car types it resets my race types.so far i couldnt realy play the game bcus all the menus keep me bussy, the need to skip all the forced intros and first glimpse raced that i was forced into.great game codemasters, well done. i came from grid 1 and this was already a boner, and now grid as. i feel like i am grid 1, but with much more menus and even more menus and more forced intros!next time guys do it better this is a complete fail, and you know why? i did one race, the forced glimpse race and its the same lame rubberbanding, aggressive on my back humping ai you delivered in grid 1. i ask my self why dafu... did i bought this game?"
76561197964808965,Recommended,255220,11079436,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Skorj,"Best Codemasters game since Dirt 3.When I played Grid 2 I thought ""great cars and tracks, too bad the engine is garbage, and where are the Grid 1 cars and tracks?""  Grid Autosport put a simle on my face.  The ""Street"" discipline has a mix of the Grid 1 & 2 cars and tracks (not sure if everything's there yet) and a great physics engine.  The suspension dynamics feels right for the first time since Dirt 3.  Really, fun to drive, and that's what makes a racing game.  (Excpet for the drift events - WTF guys?  Boss's nephew write that or something?)Single player has 5 disciplines, and frankly I found most of them too boring to play.  But the stuff I like is enough to make the game worth getting, and I can just ignore the rest.  And if you love memorizing brake points, or just need a cure for insomnia, there's some solid content in here for you.Some reviewers seemed to be expecting a simulator.  From a Grid title?  Get real.  It's simcade all the way, and more power to it!  If you want to set toen-in angles or somesuch, Dirt 1 is still around, but this game focuses on getting the feel of driving at the edge of traction right, and the rest can hang for all I care. (And, yes, the heavy cars wallow around like pigs - if you don't find that fun there's that whole open wheel brake-point-memorizing thing just for you.)There are 3 or 4 driving games in here, and one or more is likely to appeal to everyone."
,Not Recommended,255220,10831738,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Armour,Terrible driving physics. Another terrible mistake by Codemasters.They have not listened to fans at all and the driving is still bad. Time penalties that don't make sense slowing the car with no warning. Invincible AI cars while you are battered like a pinball. Drifting is a joke.1/10 should not have bought.I am never buying another Codemasters game on blind faith.
76561198029932592,Not Recommended,255220,10885030,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,UnknownShots,Worst GRID game ive EVER played to date..... The graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥before you say Graphics are not everything 'I KNOW IM NOT AN IDIOT BUT WHEN A CAR GAME FROM THE XBOX 360 LOOK'S BETTER I HAVE TO COMPLAIN.  I mean Forza 4 on the xbox 360 look's 10x better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥and I even downloaded the High Res Texture pack what did that do exactly??????Im playing this game completely maxed out and the wheels look♥♥♥♥♥♥the whole car looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥im sorry plus like I said I downloaded the High Res texture pack.The gameplay mechanics are ♥♥♥♥ing dreadful turning corners well driving in general is so horrible I have like no feel to my car at all WTF... There's no sense of feel towards driving the car at all it really feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥.This game is WANK do not buy it really DONT.My Rig I'm playing the game on -INTEL i7 4930K @4.6GHz 1.36VAsus X79 DELUXE Intel X79Asus GeForce GTX 780Team Group Vulcan GOLD 32GB 2133MhzAlso playing with the Xbox 360 controller.Im really trying to like this game and I loved GRID 2 but this is W-A-N-K!
76561198095411573,Recommended,255220,10778909,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sweater_Vest,i have only played an hour but they made it leaps and bounds better than grid 2.. a very nice balance between simulation and arcade handling.. i strongly recommend this game for anyone who like the dirt series and the first grid
,Not Recommended,255220,10826354,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hazel,"I don't think I've played a racing game with a more aggressive AI. It seems like every turn I take and every straightaway I ride they are /actively/ trying to pit me, put me into the wall, or ram into the back of my car. Couple that with the 'on rails' feel of the AI's cars when I'm trying to be any sort of aggresive to fight back."
,Recommended,255220,10783420,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dtjones0,"If you go by the ""community"" discussions and reviews, this seems to be a very love-it or hate-it game. Personally, I am loving it. As a fan of many different forms of autosport, few games in recent memory have been able to capture my interest for long. This game, for me, hits a nice sweet spot between arcade racer and sim-light that really brings the joy of driving through. I don't need to dedicate my life to it to enjoy it, but it's also not so simple that it would become stale quickly. With five playable driving disciplines, a rewarding progression system, and online play--this is a game I would definitely recommend for the racing fan open to an experience that's more a celebration of speed and competition than a technically accurate simulation."
,Recommended,255220,10776270,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pecoss Bill,Looks and feels like a more realistic grid 2. Working great with my G27 wheel + shift only thing is no LED support :( Could use a little more polishing notably rearview mirror cockpit view. Definately a leap in the right direction for the series.
,Recommended,255220,10791134,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JimmyDeSanta,Here is what I like about Grid Autosport:The car damage system in this game is top notch.The driving realism is there with lots of option to adjust to your likings.The graphics are absolutely gorgeous.The Free high res texture pack is a nice addon.The game runs really smooth at 60 fps and only drops frames during intense crashes.
,Recommended,255220,10851939,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Elite Ewok,"It's Forza on PC.Finally, the GRID sequel we have all been waiting for. The sequel that takes the simulation side of racing rather than the arcade style of GRID 2.YES! It has cockpit view.Using the Xbox 360 Controller for Windows, this game feels natural to play and the use of the D-Pad to get Radio Updates from your Engineer is genius. (Push left for Car Damage, Up for gap to driver infront, Down for Race Rival info and Right for Team-Mate info)Graphically: the game looks alright.Handling: Pretty good for a racer. If cut a corner you are limited to a low speed for a short time (Only kicks in on very big corner cuts)Gameplay: from what I've played so far it is really going back to the original GRID style (build your XP for a discipline - Touring Car, Endurance, Tuner, Open Wheel, Street - then take part in the international stage for that discipline)From what I've played so far, I would really say ""If you like Forza, or the original GRID - buy this!"""
76561198014929599,Not Recommended,255220,33869459,Posted: 28 July,all,RoDoX,"Alright, so I've endured this game for almost an hour. Yeah, you read that right. ENDURED, because there's no other word that comes to mind to describe this game, so if you're on Linux (Whatever distro you're using)m do not consider this a review, but a warning:Right out of the gate, I have to say, this game is HORRIBLE! Horrible! I mean it, it does not have textures - instead, I call them blurs-all-over-the-place. Matter of fact, I wanted to like this game, especially because there aren't that many racing games for Linux, and I used to game on the PS Vita ( I played NFS: MW and WRC 3 and 4). Anyway, back to Grid Autosport: this game practically ignores your graphic settings. On High, it looks awful; on Ultra, it looks horrible; and so it does on Custom - that's because the game looks pretty much the same (ugly as hell), no matter which graphics settings you choose.Gameplay-wise, it tells you to completely forget everything you've learned with other racing games (how drifting works, how to handle the breaks properly) - and I'd be more than glad to welcome and learn everything the way Grid wants me to, but I can't do that when the game I'm playing on my PC looks like a PS2 racing game - the difference is that a PS2 game might look MUCH prettier! Anyway, enough, I'm not going to dig through the other aspects of the game.So, just AVOID this game if you're on Linux. I had never asked for a refund on Steam - but I do now because of Grid: Autosport. You'll be glad you dodged this bullet. You have been warned."
76561198090422108,Recommended,255220,10780241,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Herpa121,"Amazing game. First couple minutes I was struggling not to slide the car around, but shortly later i got used to it and the handling is very enjoyable. The AI tend to go supersonic at the beginning of a race (slight exageration) but catching up can mostly be easy due to their braking point being early in the beginning. They also tend to be a little...slamy and follow the racing line intensely, they are not afraid to barge into you. They even spin out or crash sometimes. Overall I love this game, love the graphics. But one thing that i dislike, your teammate always sucks...UNLESS it's not a team challenge, in that case he/she's either first or very close."
76561198043784443,Recommended,255220,12409595,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Compatible,"Nice cars, tracks and game modes. However, the engine noises sound repetitive in many of the cars, as if they recycled the sound files of many cars. The textures of cars could be better. Driving dynamics are solid, very responsive :)"
,Recommended,255220,10860878,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ale & Yorsh,"The good:It's Toca Touring Car Racing with modern graphics.Career mode is great.The bad:Graphics are pretty but not really mind-blowing anymore.Tons of reclicled content of the previous games.Veredict:Did you like Toca ir the first Grid game but thought that Grid 2 kinda sucked? If yes proceed to buy Autosport.It's not a sim, but it was never advertised as one."
,Recommended,255220,10836301,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,「PULSExz」,"BY Far The Best Simulator Racing Game EVER!!!10/10A Realistic MasterpeiceJust Like Real LifePerfectly Optimised For PCRuns Perfect On EyefinityClean 50-65 Fps On Ultra Running Eyefinity ""on my setup""Runs better than Grid 2AND HELL YES 2 YES 2 DIFFERENT COCKPIT CAMSFINALY THANKYOU CODEMASTERSHIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME"
76561198083970782,Not Recommended,255220,10870123,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jassem A. Al-Ghamdi,"I'm Very upset that grid turned into another Gran Turismo Game, I really enjoyed Grid 2 and having the experiance racing in cities other than just track after track after track, and dont even get me started on the controls as they make driving to much a reality and an effort on staying on the road other than just plain old fun. im sorry but thumbs down on Auto Sport."
76561198154726211,Not Recommended,255220,12359981,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,slirazer,"It's ok-ish nothing compared to assetto corsa, graphics are good in some places but over all it is mediocre, in fact the cockpit view is terrible (not just the blur), i got this game maxed out and it is not worth 30 quid, will continue playing but am already qite bored of grid autosport, assetto corsa spoiled me."
,Not Recommended,255220,13149786,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Deltatech,"ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːEdit 07-21-2015 nothing has changed my mind about this title. Still not recommended.For Simulation I suggest Assetto Corsa or Project Cars. If Steam refunds were available when I bought this I wouldn't still own this title.The U.I. is awesome,it's graphics are goodI like more choices than this game provides in cars.the physics seem terrible to me,I prefer more Sim than Arcade.The car felt slow and sluggish. Seemed like the car was doing 40mph at over a hundred.I liked the original Grid best out of the seriesBuy under $10ːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamːːLaserBeamː"
,Recommended,255220,11716601,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,7ourisT,great racing game
,Recommended,255220,14434727,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,wrtnsq,-Have a wheel-Wanna play-Run GRID Autosport-Rule all the races-Win-Rest
,Recommended,255220,11113703,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Wiikly Reviews,I have sadly only played in the years I have been with the Master Race 1 of the Grid based Racing games. Grid 2. Everything About that game I loved its sense of speed the way the game felt and it wasn't just a Oh Hey i'm a Racer here on steam hoping you buy me.. It was something special that some Racing games dont have.Finally we have Grid Autosport. One of my friends shared this game in a Twitch LiveStream and the moment I saw it I wanted to play it. This Game has ALOT to do and will keep you busy for a while. There is tons of customizing of your car from normal upgrades to just including better front and back suspension on your car.. To adding a little better braking to your tires.. And thats not all.. This game offers something I felt was needed in Racing games again. AI's that while can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at times.. Are Ones that make you have to read the road a little quicker before making your move. Timing your turns about 2 seconds before you make it or you'll bail out and be executing barrel rolls of joy. (Which Yes Peppy Hare would be very proud of you lol)This game has some of the best graphics i've seen CodeMasters do ever. They are still a company by gamers and for gamers and I'm very glad they brought this literally one of a kind title to Steam & the PC. If you have been wanting a Racing game that will really kick your butt but have you coming back for more This is literally right up your alley. So Grab that Wheel Hit that Gas and get ready for a ride you'll never forget.
,Not Recommended,255220,22727816,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,KiljuKatti,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI way too agressive for even near realistic experience.
,Recommended,255220,25364084,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,shutupandance,"Great graphics and physics, very poor music and general visual style when not racing. Very fun to play though."
,Recommended,255220,29498438,Posted: 26 January,all,Mhanny,game race on
76561198025343636,Not Recommended,255220,23843052,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,I was really enjoying Grid 2 so I thought I'd give this a go as it was on sale. The game is pretty solid with a lot of customisation options but there is one major issue. The flashback mechanic will periodicly cut out for seemingly no reason. This isnt so bad if your an experienced driver but as a casual player this pretty much ruins the game for me.
,Not Recommended,255220,30390252,Posted: 8 March,all,Ice Fox,"Broken, don't even get this on a sale... The AI doesn't work like it should making the game impossable to ace."
,Recommended,255220,23835380,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Appcrash,Very well balance between simulation and arcade mechanics. I played alot of Grid 1 and I enjoyed this game too.
76561197974090128,Recommended,255220,10828043,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kurnzz,awesome! drifts better then grid 2 .. but not as great as grid
,Recommended,255220,10874043,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,El Risitas,What GRID 2 Should have been. No drift-2-win BS. Just pure racing.
76561198063296845,Recommended,255220,10875967,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,©SEGA,"The game is very good, but in multiplayer many cheaters, impossible compete against."
,Recommended,255220,11073523,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Reasonable Adam(2),Zooooooommm
76561197970454923,Not Recommended,255220,11282643,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,oVrKiL,"Probably the highest on my list of games I should have never of purchased. I know it’s not a ""sim"" in the standard sense but the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (no matter the difficultly or series). At times they're like a real-life ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you pass on the road when they’re driving too slow because when you do pass them they're right on your♥♥♥♥♥flashing their brights. WTF!? The AI for Ravenwest...wow. Sure they're great drivers but at times I'm purely out matched (again no matter the difficulty) because the way they pull away from the rest of the pack or even if I'm at max speed they'll leave every one of us in the dust. It’s like they have a twin-turbo’d supercharger with NOS. Sure that’s worth a laugh on itself but that’s the way it feels. Another thing about the game design is if you get a lil rough with the NPC cars chances are you'll crash, why I don’t know. It's like they're a tank and I'm a Ford Fiesta. I touch them, I'll either crash or my steering is F'd for all eternity (steering went orange at 20mph after the 1st turn at Bathurst). If they touch me, well I'm just F'd. What's funny is a bit ago, on Bathurst, I got side-swiped by a Rick Scott and my car damn near did a 90 degree angle into the wall on a straight away. The rubber banding I've always seen on Need for Speed games I am seeing in this game as well, it’s horrible. I'll have a 5 second lead oh wait, here comes one of the Kicker cars out of nowhere catching up, and for some reason I still got the fastest lap time. If you haven't gotten the game, don't buy it for anything more than $15 dollars cause exactly how it plays. This has game frustrated me more than being a fat kid in high school."
,Recommended,255220,10851385,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AppleStalker,Defintly recommend this loads! soooooo much better than GRiD 2 and I'd say just a tiny bit better than the origional actually :)
76561198105806753,Recommended,255220,10855284,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jrj85vg,A realistic racing game that actually provides a real challenge with a hard AI which wants to test your training.
76561198067078909,Recommended,255220,10857982,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dingnutt,This game is fantastic.  I was a huge fan of the first Grid and this is a proper Grid game unlike Grid 2.  If you like semi simulation racing this is a must have.
,Recommended,255220,10905578,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,=BBUK= ColshyKush,great game & good come back by codemasters
76561198086555552,Recommended,255220,10852451,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Teevs,"Like most people, i was very sceptical about this game, i really didnt believe that codemasters would listen to the feedback from Grid 2 and improve on it greatly.... But i was wrong!This game is NOTHING like Grid 2, the graphics are better, the handling has been improved dramatically and the entire feel of the game is just amazing. You actually have to think about when to break before a corner, compred to Grid 2 when you could power slide any car around any corner at just about any speed.I can already tell that this game has been designed with us in mind.I totally recommend this game to any Grid fans, you wont be dissapointed."
76561197970747161,Recommended,255220,11011158,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Postage,"This is what Grid 2 should have been.  Mostly been playing single player, hard AI is a great challenge, you can't just skip qualifying and bash your way to first.  Intense racing the whole way.Grid is back."
,Not Recommended,255220,11128621,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,SkyGuy,"Even with the assists turned all the way off and the AI turned all the way up this game is much to arcade for my tastes. If you're looking for an arcade racer then this is the game for you, but sim racers need not bother. As a consolation this game is very pretty, and runs well on my medium to high-end desktop."
,Recommended,255220,11098577,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,orj,"Quality Racing game. Perfect mix of arcade and simulation controls. Reminds me a lot of the V8 Supercards Race Driver games on my original Xbox. No nonsense presentation, just get in and race."
76561198022027300,Not Recommended,255220,13580439,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pXoTaS,The decadence of Codemasters continues...
76561198058712547,Not Recommended,255220,13598355,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hick Rarrison,"Graphics are pretty, but the cornering and braking feel like they are out of a 20 year old arcade game, save your money and buy the first GRID"
76561198145113671,Not Recommended,255220,18170138,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ThermalHERO,I found this game to be absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to grid 2. This was very boring and the drifting in the game is completely over the top with your car loosing control with the slightest turn.
76561198007989472,Not Recommended,255220,23992151,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RedGoli,"Hummm, a little too Arcade, and a crap crap menu to launch game at multiplayer ....  Sound very crap, Retro not working ... bof bof"
,Recommended,255220,24368350,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,✪BvB®™,Cool Racing Game!
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,255220,16509977,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,treycox33,I could only play for a few minutes...the driving physics are so bad I alt tab'ed out and am uninstalling. going to see if I can get a refund.
,Recommended,255220,15761069,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ama-nee,"A nicely balanced game after half-hardcore GRID and totally arcade GRID2. Also, with proper steering wheel support -- even though keyboard users have a decent chance too.После выхода PCARS игрушка вряд ли умрет. Уж очень хорошо сделана."
76561197970629112,Recommended,255220,12856481,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,WickedCanuck,One of the better racing games out there for a mix of fun and realism
,Recommended,255220,25437826,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,A truly acceptable simcade racing game. Lots of fun with a controller and pretty solid with a wheel.8/10
76561198096256484,Recommended,255220,25405930,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Strolla,"Not bad at all, recommend if you like car racing games. I can use my D-pad, Thanks"
,Recommended,255220,10810012,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ҳs™ Magical,"So far so good, its different and takes time to learn."
,Recommended,255220,10825383,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Milwaki,"Not a bad spiritual successor to the original GRID nor the Race Driver games. Features a few different disciplines of racing from touring cars to open wheel and drift cars. While the graphics are clearly from last gen, the lighting is superb and the sound equally matches it. Unfortunately the immersion is completely lost though as each 'season', which consists of only a few races, doesn't really make me feel like I'm accomplishing anything nor developing a reputation with a team. Picking a team to sign on with is literally just about picking the team with the most XP and easiest sponsor goals. If it fleshed out the disciplines a little more with a greater variety and some longevity, and insentive to stick with smaller teams, I feel like it would help develop that element of competition we see so often in real racing. This would also help me commit to one discipline longer as racers don't typically jump from Formula cars to drifters and then back to hot hatch time trials, it all seems a little incoherent.On top of this, the car handling isn't the best. Cars feel very floaty and there's almost no difference in the way each car feels regardless of drive or engine placement. The interior view is also incredibly lackluster; nothing inside the car works and the textures are so incredibly low res that Codemasters has opted to blur it all out.While there are an incredible amount of faults to this game, it is still somehow fun. It has a few cool features as well, such as the 'second screen' mode, which for people with two monitors allows you to have the race standings and a TV-like broadcast of the race featured on your other monitor while you play the game on the primary monitor.It's not worth the initial price of $50, but I'd certainly check it out for $25 or less, especially if you're a fan of other Codie games and are familiar with their arcade quote 'semi-sim' style car games. 7 / 10"
,Recommended,255220,10881781,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,andyc2k,It's no Mario Kart but it is pretty good
76561198016880157,Recommended,255220,11003489,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Riik,"In a racing game in which automobiles are featured, one would expect them to handle like cars. In GRID 2, what you had were not cars, but rather some form of drift mobiles, dressed up to look like some of the world's greatest 4-wheeled racing machines. Codemasters had created the ultimate in arcade environments - sliding was faster than standard cornering. And those who wanted a true-blooded racing sim sequal to the original GRID spoke out. They were not happy.And so Codemasters made THIS game. GRID Autosport. Where cars feel like cars. Where endurance races can require endurance (depending on your option settings). Where winning a race is more than just swinging your car around corners casually whilst daydreaming about what your drifts must look like if not for terrible reply camera angles. This is what GRID 2 should have been."
76561198062761179,Not Recommended,255220,11090282,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,beeswings2001,After a week of owning this game ive thrown the towel in with it the AI in career mode they are way to aggresive matter what diffilculty you set it on sligtly better on full damage they drive like you dont exist force you off track and spin you constantly similiar to 90% of Forza online races on the old xbox no fun so unless they sort it i would save your money it will only frustrate you and maybe a bit of rage quitting on the plus side ffb is good and so are the gfx and handling of the cars
76561198013548026,Recommended,255220,10862292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mistress Squid,"In the pastmost of my racing games have been along the lines of Split Second; BLUR; or even recent NFS games. It has been ages since I have played a racing game that does involve the use of weapons in some way.I struggle with this game a bit as it is a brand new cocnept for me and I cant just blow things up until Im in first place, however I find GRID Autosport to be a very good choice. Not only are there a variation in the kind of competitions youll be in and the cars youll drive, but also the tracks all handle differently and you need to learn to adapt. It is quite a skill to not only go fast, but also to handle your corners correctly.Im so glad that Autoport still has the raceline option as well as the flashback. For begginers like me, these help you find the best way around the track as well as avoid crashes."
76561197991289875,Recommended,255220,10903235,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,"Fuck you, I'm a vegan!","Single player: 9/10Multi player 4/10Single player is really good, the tracks are awesome and so are the diffrent racing styles. sweet cars, doesn't get 10/10 because the car proformance isn't fully customizableonline is really good for the same reasons, but so terrible unless you have friends to play with. finding a game is really hard and I had the same problems in Grid 2. It just seems like no one plays. I have noticed that when I can find a game I am only playing with australians so maybe you can't play with players from around the world? just too hard to find a game.over all probs a 6.5-10 since the game also comes with split screen (haven't used it yet.)"
,Recommended,255220,10863025,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,bristol_flyguy1980,"Having played Dirt 2/3, Grid 2, F1 2013 and now Grid Autosport, im pleased with how GA (Grid Autosport) has turned out.For me I have found that the game runs noticeably better than Grid 2 and the optimisation / performance is considerably better. Ive not noticed any stuttering or any freezing which was common with Grid 2 (due to how the replay system saved data to the hard drive)The game is a lot less arcady than Grid 2 and you do have to slow down and take corners properly compared to Grid 2 where I could slam the bughatti veyron into corners at top speed heheheheDefinately recommended if you enjoy racing / dirt series (ie half way between a simulation and an arcade racer)"
76561198028705107,Recommended,255220,10921728,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kameleon41,"if you loved the grid franchise, then this game is for you"
,Not Recommended,255220,10975619,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,NOR Litland,Very quickly boring. Feels like low budget and greedy pockets.
76561198025976940,Recommended,255220,11115700,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,brendanwayne,This is is a great game . Codemasters great job !
,Recommended,255220,11120380,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,h00L1GaN,because... race car!
,Not Recommended,255220,11253941,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Axle,"In a nutshell, unrealistic ""racing"" and a lack of adjustment makes for a poor game if you're a real racer.Dear Developers of GRID (all of them)Race07...please go and play it...Please understand that racing does not require false measures to spice it up.  It only seeks to infuriate.  Why not have % points of AI speed, like RACE07. Why not have car setup like RACE07?Why is ""Season 1"" 4 races at 2 tracks? Go play F1 2012-14...and see what a season is.It is not ""racing"" to have the AI magically speed up to keep up. Going from 16th to 1st in a lap and then have them an inch off your bumper the rest of the way isn't REALISTIC on either count.So lets be frank - this is the 2nd waste of money from the GRID series.  Promises made and broken.Assetto Corsa is now my hope that there is going to be a game capable of replacing RACE07."
76561198007657542,Not Recommended,255220,11280218,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Archangel,"I want to first start out by saying I have loved a lot of Codemasters racing games. I liked Dirt3 despite it having little to do with actual rally racing. I liked Grid 1 and was unimpressed however by grid 2. The F1 games I adore. Now to Autosport. First the game looks pretty good and has a good balance between realistic and arcade handling. For instance in a Rear wheel drive car, if you apply to much power on a corner exit you are gonna find the back end wanting to overtake the front. Yet it so very easily controlable allowing more relaxed play.The it seems would then play very well, and it does, untill the game adds any number of A.I. cars.The AI in this game is utterly atrocious! When I was following and watching an AI for a number of laps I always noticed he broke at the 150 meter board and I could manage to brake at the 100 meter board. So when I go for the overtake in late braking he suddenly brakes at the 200 meter board and of course me being in his slipstream i crashed right in the back of him. The worse has to be though when the AI is following you. They make the same misjudged break distance but instead the other way. For going into a hairpin after a long straight I would often be barreled into by an AI who would hit the brakes at the 50 meter board and of course run me off the road. Once I return I'd be saddle'd with a pennalty thus ending any kind of a counter attack.All in all a good game simply ruined by AI. If they can fix that, this negative review will be a great one. As there are so many basics the game just had done well. Good tracks, good cars, very cool team systems. and four different disciplines of racing to enjoy... Assuming it was just you on the track."
,Not Recommended,255220,25678539,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Alpho,"The game itself is ok, however I can not stress this enough, unless you are happy to risk your money on playing a game which requires a huge ammount of potential troubleshooting just to start, then this is NOT the game for you."
,Not Recommended,255220,15116132,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,pjconnolly,Might be a game here i may never know. Had to press play so many times and mess around  i got  board and played BF4 instead. Life is just to short for this Rubish
,Recommended,255220,11570330,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Marticus,"85/100Not quite as good as GRID 1, however this is far better than GRID 2. I say it's good, buy it when you can. If it's on sale, buy now."
,Recommended,255220,20057842,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lil Uzi Vert,"There i was. First place about to finish the race then I messed up and drove into gravel. I thought to not worry but, when I hit backspace nothing happend. I look to the bottom right corner then I see i have no flashbacks. I quickly start racing I see it happen. 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th. and then it happends.........16th. I continue but there is no helping it I see 1 by 1 other racers crossing the finish. I finish last and as I look at the leaderboard and I see that I came last. And because of me my team finished last and I look at my team mate and I see the dissapointment in his eyes. Then he says ""You Failed Me Trace."" Nooooooooooooooooo!IGN: 69/10""Would Lose Again"""
,Not Recommended,255220,14451370,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Franky124144,Had a few too many one night played some GRID wake up with a DUI and can't see my kids anymore.... Thanks Dad!
,Not Recommended,255220,19489182,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Killaman Shankone,"Super-boring game. Tried to enjoy it really hard, changed diffculty level in many ways, nothing helped!!!+ To all cons that were mentioned by top not recommended reviews.Grid 1 and 2 were WAY better!"
76561198045716477,Recommended,255220,16537213,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NoScope,vervy good game if you havent played it before the cars are great  raceing
,Recommended,255220,19892530,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RavinggRabbit,"Throughly enjoy this game, Great racing sim.Crashed a car, Didnt Die 10/10"
76561198066284332,Recommended,255220,11377941,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,johnw7375,why does this game no longer play in full screen sick of looking at the taskbar it used to play in full screen up till a few weeks ago sort it out.
,Not Recommended,255220,10829709,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Legacy3D,"This replaces GRID 2.. So get it. Actually I change that; They have countless problems that need to be fixed but are rarely looked it, they ask for feedback but when you give them negative feedback and ways it could possible be fixed they will just delete that WHOLE THREAD.. ♥♥♥♥ this game and this series. Never investing money into this crap again."
76561198083691425,Recommended,255220,12946537,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,case4890,once you get the hang of this game it is madness.. love it.
,Not Recommended,255220,14101163,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,r1jcowan,not good has older games
,Not Recommended,255220,15514957,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ekinery,It sucks.
,Recommended,255220,14101839,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,neo4eyes,nice game
76561198249340058,Not Recommended,255220,18231783,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,aTROLLthatBanks,This game sucks compared to Grid 2
,Not Recommended,255220,30972432,Posted: 5 April,all,Trakker,"utter waste of 40 bucks. wont run more than one round at a time. crashes to desktop, but leaves an ENCODED crash file, so cant troubleshoot. been banging on it for a week.Want a refund for this crap game."
,Recommended,255220,19930353,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"From the moment  i started this game i loved it. The handling is amazing (i use an xbox 360 or a xbone controller), gameplay is intense and fun, and the different seasons are many and varied, and it will be a long time before i complete them all. I previously played Grid 2 and hated it. The handling was absolute garbage, and the focus on drifting was obnoxious, and caused the car to swerve like crazy, even when you didn't want it to. This game is almost completely different in its feel, with drifting just being a side option, and not a centerpiece (thank God). A lot of tryhards here don't like this game because its not a hyper realistic driving sim or some crap like that. Honestly, it doesn't matter. If you want a fun game to play on your couch (splitscreen is awesome with a friend) thats intense, but still easy to learn, then this is the game for you. My only gripe would be that i'd like more cars. Seeing only 2-4 choices per event is a bit dissapointing, having played forza in which there are dozens of options. I'm not sure i should have to pay extra for the DLC just to get cars that should have been in the game in the first place. It's not too huge a deal though, as most cars in a class are pretty much identical anway."
76561198064828718,Recommended,255220,11674282,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,druss cota,"This game is freakin' awesome, Buy it, buy it now lol :D"
76561197968558040,Recommended,255220,11679450,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,starmanpr,The track variety on this game is very good.   The game does a good job of presenting different racing disciplines.  It does look a lot like GRID2 but the addition of different racing disciplines and racing styles make it worth while.
76561198022086959,Recommended,255220,25799250,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,4Hunnid,"Just bought it, And Already Love it !! Really fun game Carrer & Multyplayer10/10 Worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,255220,18192293,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,pryate,its just a awfal game it looks ok so no the best niether the worst the automatic system is just♥♥♥♥♥♥and allows for no fun by slowing you down when you come up to a corner where it should be it slows you down as you ooh i dont no hit the brake or want to slow down and it might aswell have no car customiseation atall
,Not Recommended,255220,20106924,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MAD DOG YA MAD CUNT,"if your a fan of any of the previous grid games you wont like this, its just horrible"
76561198220294540,Not Recommended,255220,29800867,Posted: 9 February,all,irahaza37,I keep getting force shut off after going on grid for a few minutes it is pointlessto even play
76561197980008280,Recommended,255220,16514253,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Armed and Useless,Simply Fantastic! Driving is not over the top realistic but the physics are awesome nonetheless. Would recommend!
,Not Recommended,255220,22016251,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Atlas,Great game but no support for Windows 10 fix.  Protip: end task on everything tabtip.exe
76561198127335855,Recommended,255220,16521311,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheNeedyNerd,"Gutted thanks once again Steam for proving that pactience is a vertue.. paid £12.49  but hindsight is what it is, excellent game and best on the market by far"
,Recommended,255220,23819062,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KENNICE,Gameplay : 8/10Graphics   : 9/10Controls   : 8/10
,Not Recommended,255220,23925147,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Selphos,"I'd like this game a lot more if I never had to play Tuner.But joke's on me, I have to practice all five disciplines, on tracks that quickly get samey even in the disciplines I do like. Why are you taking me to the same location three times in one championship going different directions?"
76561198148140958,Not Recommended,255220,32224847,Posted: 6 June,all,Raskak8,"I bought this game a long time ago and I didn´t play it since 2 years or so. I don´t know what the hell codemaster has done to the AI because is the worst I´ve seen in a very very long time. I know that the game isn´t the newest but I think they didn´t play with this update since is impossible to finish a race without the AI bumping or crashing against you. The AI is simply too aggresive, It just keeps the lane without noticing if you´re there, your car is affected and 90% of the time you have to restart it. Again I wouln´t buy it if I were you existing so many other better racing and sim games. I hate this game and probably I won´t play again another race and there´s nobody in the online so only for learning the circuits.If codemasters see this, at least could modify it for the next title because is only playable to learn the circuits and make some practising. To compete just buy another title.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,255220,34519573,Posted: 26 August,all,JJfan48,I'd reccomend this game if I didn't have to reinstall it all the time for it to work.
,Not Recommended,255220,21845003,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,munkpuppy,"This game WOULD be a lot of funThere are tons of cars, tracks, and types of racing.The visuals are quite good, though not suited to 3d screens.The online community seems to be of a decent size, but I never got a chance to play online, BECAUSEThe video framerate is all weird.The game starts out smooth and buttery, but after a few minutes, starts to stutter a littleThen the stutters get longer.And longer.It all creeps up on you until you notice that your car isn't eresponding to your inputs the way it should.I've read that this is common, but it's unaceptable for a game to go this long without a fix."
76561198028280763,Not Recommended,255220,30519174,Posted: 14 March,all,Dentendo,"doesnt start, keeps asking for permission over and over and over and over...."
76561198168739666,Recommended,255220,23760314,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NaviTot,"Bueno, los hay mejores. L ainteligencia artificial es castrosa con todo."
76561198062305279,Recommended,255220,13703518,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Senpai!,"I've played Grid and Grid 2. This game is not as bad as some people say. Sure you can't buy your own cars, but that can be seen as a positive. You get to drive different cars and experience a range of different racing styles. In-car view is my favorite. First 2 games of the series I tried to race with the outside views only and in events like drifitng that was really bad, because I would always either under or over estimate car's speed and porximity to the corner. That would result in epic frustration and poor drift scores. In this game I was able to do cool drifts right in my first drifting event. Very positive emotions so far. Also the AI is not as homicidal as it was in Grid 2, so I can't complain. Overall I like this game and would recommend getting it on a sale."
,Recommended,255220,34123468,Posted: 9 August,all,Ch4ffon,"Decent motorsport game, cant really tell if this game is good or bad, just decentWorth that price, but only buy this game if you like the real motorsport"
,Recommended,255220,34096265,Posted: 7 August,all,DewaYoGamer,"Difficult,but this game is awesome!"
76561198039981875,Recommended,255220,10852971,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,paraspeura,"Grid Autosport. Codies trying to go back to Grid 1. Trying, ladies and gentlemen, is the key word there. Don't get me wrong, this is a good game. It ain't Grid 1 though. It's visually stunning, and it feels great. It's not a sim, however, and the ""cockpit"" views leave A LOT to be desired.7/10 would do"
,Recommended,255220,10880484,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KhasnFX,"Best GRID Game to dateAfter GRID 2, I was skeptical of the path that Codemasters was taking with the series. GRID Autosport, however, fixed everything wrong and expanded on the series, making it probably my favorite racing game of the year.Autosport handles more like a sim than the previous two games, but it isn't as advanced as iRacing, RFactor, etc. I'd say it's closer to Gran Turismo and NFS Shift than the first GRID.- You need decent throttle and braking control, cars will generally understeer- There is performance tuning (brake bias, suspension stiffness, gear ratios) not as complex as Gran Turismo, but better than other games- You can practice and qualify before a race to get a better starting position, and you can tell your teammate to speed up, slow down, play aggressive/defensive during a raceThe graphics are amazing, but what's better is the level of optimization of this game. On a laptop with a GT 755M, I get 70-90 FPS on high+ultra settings. Most desktops with a graphics card will perform even better, and there's lots of graphics customization in the options. There's even a free official 4K texture pack to download if you choose.Cockpit view is back, but the dashboard and mirrors are blurred out. For some, this may be a con, but it works well enough when you're driving.If you're a racing enthusiast looking for a fun game to play on the same level as Gran Turismo and Forza, this is probably the game for you.9/10"
,Recommended,255220,10931067,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sidewinder,BEST RACING GAME EVER PLAYED
76561197967889580,Recommended,255220,10977023,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chauklet,"Back to the roots of the first GRID, if you liked that one, u ar going to like this one.The races are awesome, but im sad to say that the drifting is nothing like real life drifting, and that is a downside to this game.The leveling of the cars is a great idea, custom livery's and so on.If u want the real deal wait for assetto corsa, but if you like a good arcade racer, this is a great one imo!"
,Recommended,255220,11137192,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Derock,Pure awesomeness.
,Not Recommended,255220,12018507,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,>JeoDude,"what a waste of money not even worth it on sale, they said they fixed the issues from grid 2 and added cockpit view, that view is filth, there is more detail on gran turismo 4."
76561198042993114,Not Recommended,255220,12254260,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Patrick,"Bought this game at pre-purchase stage, thinking it looks like a good game to fill in my thirst for some F1 gameplay action, possibly with a bit of Gran Turismo clone feel. Unfortunately I played it once after release and uninstalled it. I can't quite put my finger on it except that maybe it looked a lot better in the pre-release videos I saw.I wouldn't say ""don't buy it"" - just be sure you watch a good variety of gameplay videos before you do."
76561197980166730,Recommended,255220,12327770,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Swedish Pagan,"As in with GRID 2 the SP experience in this game is lacking, its even more lacking then in GRID 2, but MP with your mates as in GRID 2 can be fun, its a question of what you´re expecting from a game really, same as with GRID 2 its not s SIM but not an arcade neither, although they have gone closer to SIM with this one.So my rating.... well SP gets a low score of 3 out of 10 tops, but MP gets a 8 out of 10, but im guessing that has alot to do with who you are racing against. Find equal minded players and game with them and you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,255220,10924548,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Oowan,One of the best driving games I have played. Ever.
76561198022101643,Recommended,255220,10930471,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zcarto,Awsomely unbeliveble
76561197965673526,Recommended,255220,12019844,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Tomarox,"Very Nice Game, it's like gran turismo old times.."
,Recommended,255220,12272256,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pleskrep,"Impressive game. Very good contender to Forza Motorsport. Customization is a little lacking for a 2014 game, but the gameplay makes up for it. Intense close quarters racing, especially with the Open Wheel discipline. Gets your adrenaline pumping.Strongly recommend this game to experienced players looking into racing simulators."
76561198118580728,Recommended,255220,12279175,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,donald.hebbard,Love it...Lott's of fun
,Recommended,255220,10878889,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Devonicle,Very good racing game! It would be better if the graphics freezes is fixed.
,Recommended,255220,10909621,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IMAKEITRAIN3313,Amazing racing game great graphics and gameplay better then expected. Interior♥♥♥♥♥♥pit view not very well designed with textures and geometry.
,Recommended,255220,10855437,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,gregshouse,"Bad PointsIt just crashed within 3 hours off game play after coming second in race screen went to loading screen then went black and never recovered, so may need a patch or two?front wheel drive cars handling is like a 900cc Vauxhall corsa b with wide wheels on Ice, as in massive understeer and very slug like.Games opitions screens seems to be as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as spelling at 3am in the morning. lolThe Male Voice over just sounds like a complete nob head.cockpitview is not only pointless but like sucking on a lemon. (i think this about all COCKpitviews)Car Choices starts off very limited.Good pointsDrift is now fun in this games for the first time ever, in grid2 the Drift levels♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me rite off but in this there good.Rear wheel drive car handle sweet.GFX Are ace.Sound track is like a cool licquid DnB.dashview is not bad, if not a bit pointless."
76561197982068543,Recommended,255220,10883710,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trux,"SuprisedWasn't going to buy this game as I am mainly a true ""Sim"" fan. Although I am also a Gran Turismo guy aswell so for a PC title I wasn't sure how this would stack up against the excellent and of course unfinished Assetto Corsa.Glad I picked it up though, It's got some great points. My first Touring Car race had me sweating for the full 15 laps.Finished 11th on Very Hard difficulty and no assists.My wheel was mapped (DFGT supported thanks) and only required minor tweaking. My system runs the game flawlessly (a quite old 32bit i3 and HD6950 system).Of course it's not full Sim no pit stops :( .. But it's very playable for all types of racer with all skill levels.The bad comments about the cockpit view are unjustified.. Looks great and there are two options (give that man that suggested that a pat on the back).A couple of things I really like are the clean menus and most of all the in car engineer updates.So much more immersive hearing your engineer tell you your a second down on the guy in front than reading it on a hud. And the info is still always available right when I want it.Again a pat on the back to the dev team.So in conclusion. Really suprised. It's good fun and I am sufficiently challenged. Of course the physics are not on a par with Assetto Corsa but I never expected them to be.It does the job though so thanks."
,Recommended,255220,10917500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cyka Salt,great game cars handle like grid 1 hust not lot people playing online :(
,Recommended,255220,10986392,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TheGoingVertical,"I played a lot of Dirt 3 on xbox. I've played even more on PC after buying a wheel set. This game very much reminds me of the road equivalent to the Dirt series. It's not *so* realistic on it's easier settings that I struggle to play it, so dialing down the settings toward a harder difficulty makes it feel like I'm working and actually accomplishing something.The game has a ""team"" dynamic to it, where every season (collection of races) you choose a sponsor and race with team mates. The objectives are great because there are a bunch of them each race, and some for the season.In most racing games I'm left restarting a race to beat it every single time I barely come in second or crash in the first corner. Grid makes me feel like I'm ""accomplishing"" something even if I place 6th in a race or 4th overall, like it's part of my career.It's not a replacement for Forza or GT in the sense that you don't acquire a garage full of cars that you individually tune and buy parts for. Each race you have a practice period on the track if you choose to use it, as well as a qualifying portion if you choose. Or you can just jump straight into the race.So far I am really enjoying the game, probably because the physics remind me so much of Dirt. One con for sure is that the driving lines are absolutely terrible. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to anyone for full price - maybe because I've purchased WAY worse games for $60, let alone $50. Overall I'm satisfied."
76561198141748057,Not Recommended,255220,11060352,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,espada1_mig,"good game , ♥♥♥♥♥♥ promises .i pre bought the game and i was promised a black ED OR SOMETHING . BUT AFTER I STARTED THE GAME AND PLAYED FOR HOURS STILL DIDN'T EVEN SMELL BLACK SO. ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,255220,11918817,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Huge Jackman,definately not as good as race driver grid interiors are blurred out no pitstops and generally meh edition to the series cars look fantastic though but still stick with the original
,Recommended,255220,12025135,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Frenoir,best grid game iv played since grid 1
,Recommended,255220,12236206,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,GiordySays,"I would recommend this game, why do you ask? It's because it's a huge improvement from GRID 2, better cars, more track racing which I truly enjoy and though there is no team building experience unlike the first GRID game, the offline mode is fun enough with the different race series.Downsides are that tyre degredation only happens on endurence racing and also the AI on very hard is just aggresive no personality. Lastly the cars on street and tuner need to have more modification options.Graphics wise this game looks good and overall i'd give it a 7.9/10, fun game not a sim nor is it an arcade just in the middle of the both."
76561197970257583,Recommended,255220,15211909,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Neptune  Zero,Not too bad.
76561198118555068,Not Recommended,255220,24238797,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Slayer,"Im sorry to say this, but i want a refund on this game...I really expected more on this game and was not satisfied...Can I please get a refund on this gameSorry for the bad review but I dont like this game at all."
,Recommended,255220,10887677,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,-akamaru,So good. best car racing game ever
76561198132343380,Recommended,255220,10936493,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spooky wolf,This game is one of the best racing games i've played. I've never played a racing game that feels so intense I give thiis game 5 star
76561198022061473,Recommended,255220,10960904,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kym,"At first I was quite disappointed that the vehicle interior view was not detailed like we have in Assetto Corsa and Project Cars even though I realise that this is sold as a game rather than a simulator.I regretted my pre-purchase as it seems like a lot of money but thought I'd give it a little time before throwing it away just in case I was missing the point.I've got all of the simulation titles and racing games on my PC, PS3 and XBox360 and now I have to say that this is the most fun and addictive of the lot.I'm giving it a 10/10 as it is just so immersive and so much fun racing against great AI with beutiful tracks and scenery and a great feel for those using a wheel.11 hours in two days is a huge amount of time for me to spend on a game but I just couldn't turn it off regardless of the consequences :-)I'm driving with a Fanatec CSR Elite Wheel and Pedals so I can't comment on game play with a controller but with my wheel, this is the best.Love it, love it, love it.One of my best purchases ever."
,Recommended,255220,10971886,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,jerryhat,"If you like pure arcade racers this is perhaps one to avoid. I don't mind an element of sim-like controls and can just about cope with the physics - but it's more a learning experience than pure unbridled pleasure. But the graphics are great, the multiplayer hangs together very well and there's a real feeling of accomplishment if you manage to podium. There's also an awful lot to do with 5 main disciplines and several levels of racing within each. 7/10"
,Recommended,255220,10976920,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Airhawk,"Would be great, BUT... [UPDATED 7/1/2014: SEE BELOW]I'm new to the GRID franchise, however I have heard excellent things about it and decided to jump in here with Autosport. When I first launched the game, wow. I've been a Forza diehard for the past 4 years and this is certainly a change. If you just want to read why I don't recommend, skip to the bottom. Before I go too in depth, here's a list of the pros and cons:Pros- Engaging career mode- Beautiful graphics- Decent physicsCons- 1 BUGI'll begin with the pros. The career is broken into different classes, Tuner, Touring, Endurance, and others. In each class, there are seasons that help you progress along your career as a racer. You'll sign on with different teams, such as Oakley Racing, for the season, you'll get a teammate, rivals, etc. Normal race car driver stuff. Each event (usually, unless it's a special event) has practice (for tuning, if available), qualifying, and one to two races. I found this to be much more fun than the career of Forza, where the races were short, limited, and very boring.I have yet to try online but we'll get to why in a minute.The graphics are gorgeous. At full tilt, it looks pretty real. Just be careful about your computer's proccessing power. It'll give it a run for its money.Physics are ok. I have yet to get into the higher classes to see if grip really becomes a factor. Something does feel slightly off...BUG REPORT BELOW [FIXED - SEE UPDATE]""OK, so why didn't you try online?""Great question! There's a bug... And if it wasn't for this bug, I would highly recommend this game. There is a bug that causes a screen ""freeze"" where the car and audio freeze for about half a second at random on all graphics levels. ""Why's that such a huge deal?"" Glad you asked. Every second counts in a race. So, if you're going through a technical, winding, difficult turn and suddenly everything just glitches out, you're focus is broken. This bug will work itself out, but it starts the race again before the screen can catch up. So you'll hear the car move (and incidently go off the track or hit other cars) before you can see it. ""So what does that have to do with online racing?"" This glitch freezes your car. In a tight race, where it's bumper to bumper, turn for turn, close quarter racing, a sudden stop ruins it for everyone. I may not feel the effects besides the glitch, but I'll inadvertently make everyone else despise me.To sum it all up, great game that needs MAJOR bug fixing. The core of the game is great, however that one bug disastorously effects the gameplay, making it almost unplayable. If I was a potential buyer, I would wait until there has been a patch and one that has been reviewed as a proper fix.Computer Specs: Toshiba Satellite P50, Windows 8.1 64-bit, intel i7-47000MQ @2.4GHz, 16GB (8+8) RAM plus 2GB NVidia GeForce GTM 740M: driver version 340.43 (beta)[UPDATE] I tried uninstalling and then reinstalling the game and now it works fine. It must've been a glitch that occured during ""pre-loading"" when I preordered the game. Now I fully recommend the game!"
76561198041955290,Not Recommended,255220,10991132,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cyfearon,"Severely dissapointed.  I'm an avid racing fan and have played almost every racing game in the last 5 years and beat them all on hard or very hard.  I couldnt even get close to winning a race on hard difficulty on grid autosport.  It could be down to the terrible cars they stick you with or the bad AI and their ramming techniques.  The racing lines arnt even remotely close to correct and I gave up using them.  I'd rather play a NFS game w/ its ridiculous arcade feel than this ""sim"""
76561197970807019,Not Recommended,255220,11006370,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ponamacha,Dumbest AI ever
,Not Recommended,255220,11273453,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[o4zloi] Acaerus,It is better that GRID2 in every way. But still it has so many flaws. And reason for that is trying to sit on all possible chairs at ones. Sad.
,Not Recommended,255220,11338647,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Noveranz,Actually I'm not like the guys who's especially talking lot to bore you like♥♥♥♥♥♥the main point is you will be bored if you are not playing on ps or xbox I'm a pc gamer but this game will BORE you in pcdo not buy it
76561198045604447,Not Recommended,255220,11828790,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,KMX,"Handling is a weird terrible mix of arcade and simulator. Turn off all the assists and the game still messes with the way the car handles. One of the worst car games ive played, unfortunately i cant get a refund."
,Recommended,255220,10767237,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MeatKat,"First impressions: This is the game we should have gotten instead of GRiD 2.  Includes the fun, eye candy, and variety we expect from ""Codies"" but is much less an arcade racer.  Instead of magic-skidding around corners a la GRiD 2, you'll have to pay attention to tire wear.  Overall, this is game more interesting and difficult version of the original GRiD.  They borrowed some elements from their F1 games as well; Practice, qualifying, and tuning are things you can skip, but doing them well will help you in the race.I have only played GRiD Autosport for a little bit, but I am already very impressed.  Little things like the high detail texture add-on DLC (free), lots of control of graphics options, and even the choice of seeing (or removing) the in-game wheel shows me how much they are listening to the fans on this one.  Also, the difficulty is highly customizable with rewards for turning off assists.  Finally, for GRiD 1 fans, I have not yet observed homicidal AI [Edit: It was hiding] nor any ""rubber-banding."""
,Not Recommended,255220,16512889,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BRT Cobra,"force feedback (FFB) kills this game,its that bad."
76561197970691553,Not Recommended,255220,10827803,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Siridar,"Terrible. Just...awful. No FFB, no clutch support, no physics, drove like a boat. Avoid avoid avoid. Buy Assetto Corsa instead."
,Recommended,255220,32038828,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,nice
,Recommended,255220,10769417,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skullcrusher416,"Love this game. 5 different racing classes, great controls, beauitful graphics and great sound. The only problem is i wish you can create your own race team for each class of racing but it is a minor issue."
,Not Recommended,255220,33876999,Posted: 29 July,all,soιewz̷,not optimized very well for Xbox controller.very hard to win in MP against pro player !! also u need to have at least 100+hours to unlock some upgrade to ur car.not worth at all 2/10
,Not Recommended,255220,33526526,Posted: 13 July,all,Arnalo Halling,Game freezes frequently like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and won't launch properly anymore after you stop playing it for awhile. -100/10
76561198125590637,Recommended,255220,10780267,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Steve-O,"Pretty decent game not for a sim junky but for someone that likes to get in and get a little racey without fear of tearing everything up.I noticed a few reviews about the steering wheel dead zone not being adjustable. This is not true. If you go into your control options then go into advanced options you will find your steering wheel dead zone adjustment there.The graphics are pretty good frame rates are good on gtx 760. $50 worth of game? I don't know about that I have not played enough to say for sure but at this point I have to say its a bit overpriced but most things are these days so for that reason I am still giving this a positive review overall because it seems like the racing will be overall fun for the most part.One thing I do not care for is the longest indy race you can set at indianapolis is 20 laps so if your looking for a long event online for a simulated 500 miler its not gonna happen. Also due to having the road course at indy the oval is decorated up like the road race on the oval race.If your looking for extreme fun out of this title the road racing is where you will likely find it. They are fun to drive around in. I have a track ir but, you most likely won't like it in this game cause the view tends to float a bit which is possibly a driver update to fix I haven't looked much into that.Overall a solid racing game with a career mode. Nothing extraordinary though so if your looking to be wow'd you will probably be disappointed. Good luck!"
76561198049652752,Recommended,255220,10790418,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cocaine Panda,"great game, racingt feels more realistic than grid 2 did. i do agree with previous reviewers, the interior cam while being brought back into Grid autosport, the interior detail is rather bland, blurry, no visible gauges, an FOV adjustment (or in other words, being able to move the drivers seat further back, or closer) would of been a nice feature, being as the seat is really close to the wheel in some cars, would be more of a personal preference than anything, but still, would of been nice. hopfully they maybe do a DLC that adds working, visible gauges.. we can only hope. other than that, the game plays great, i have 2 monitors, i tried using the ""double monitor"" feature, only to be annoyed by what is displayed on my other monitor, position info, and a small screen that shows me driving, as if on TV. i found this to be rather distracting, so i disabled it. plus i noticed a drop in frame rate when this was enabled. game runs great, smooth, i think its better than Grid 2 by far, so far. just having an interior few gives Grid autosport more points than grid 2, in not just gameplay, but realism, etc.. just beats it in everything. i have yet to race online, but im sure ill dig it as well."
,Recommended,255220,10798066,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,R4DFIELD,"If you enjoyed GRiD 1 then Autosport is probably what GRID 2 should have been (mind I actually enjoyed GRID 2 alot!), Autosport is a real simcade, i'd say about 65-35. You have to follow your line, you can't be drifting around because you will just get left behind, precision driving is the key now to get good results. With 20+ locations and 80+ cars, and of course the beautiful Codemaster's EGO engine, there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that the preorder price was completely worth it."
76561198094914792,Recommended,255220,10783634,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ShoddySkill,"Grid Autosport is Codemaster's latest attempt to bring the Grid series back to its roots and right the wrongs done by Grid 2. In my opinion, Grid Autosport has left the past two iterations of the series in the dust and has instead, pointed the series in a bold new direction. The game feels more mature, with a slick menu system, a host of official real world tracks and above all, a heavy focus on the competitive world of motorsports.Even more enjoyable is the re-tuned driving system and the sim-cade like handing of the many cars in the game. Autosport finally ditches the drift style turning of the first two games. Cars stick to the tarmac and grip is easy to find. This is especially evident in the open-wheeled dicipline, my favorite in the game. The cockpit view returns to Grid, and although it may lack detail, it is a welcome edition to the game.Content-wise, there is a lot of racing to be done. Most races can be completed in less than five minutes, with the exception of endurance races which test your patience and your ability to maintain a quickly wearing set of tires. All five of the diciplines feel unique and even more impressive is the fact that the AI behaves differently in each. Qualifying is back in the game, along with a practce mode for tracks that you may not be familiar with. Expect to take part in drift events and time attacks as well.Do not hesitate to pick this one up. It is a great find in a genre that is heavily ignored on Steam. Codemaster's clearly made this game for the fans who felt that Grid 2 didn't stand up to the legacy of quality the developer is known for. Grid Autosport is the Forza or Gran Turismo of the PC, I like it that much."
76561197977407143,Recommended,255220,10829048,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cmdresnullius,"Hello.If you're looking for a thrilling multi class racing/driving game, then this is it. it may not be full simulation but it feels great on my G25 wheel.Nothing i ssay will change your mind if you want a full sim driving game but, this is  fun, fun, fun !Who could ask for more?Buy it !"
76561197997983759,Recommended,255220,10853140,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dave7g,"2 Events, 1 Cup - 10/10"
76561197975500468,Not Recommended,255220,13475376,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[DVDF]CHOPS,Not sure what Codemasters were thinking making this heap.  I actually spent money on this horse pucky.  Looks nice but controls like a steamy stream of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,255220,26028140,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Exploding Kitten,Doesn't work on Windows 10.
76561198086520937,Recommended,255220,12415898,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lefthandfree,Bridged that gap between forza and a PC Racing title worth owning. I love this game
,Recommended,255220,12617793,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Zozerozos,"I enjoy this game.It has a wide variety of cars, a ton of tracks, many different race/event types, and they actually made the drifting playable (IMO), and it just keeps me wanting to play through the Career mode, it's fun. GRID 2 was ""eeh"" in my opinion, I definetely believe that Autosport is by far the better game. If you did enjoy GRID 2, they added a ""Street Racing"" event type for you to play with.However, there are still cons:The AI is improved from GRID 2, but it's still garbage in my opinion.The cockpit view is honestly the worst I've ever seen in a racing game.The graphics aren't as detailed as most games from 2014, but graphics doesn't matter to me.I can see how people think this game is repetitive, but I like that aspect to the game.9/10"
76561198114823373,Not Recommended,255220,33970291,Posted: 2 August,all,Take-a-shit Nagayzato,"Controls are quite difficult. Once u failed to brake, you'll be 'enjoying' some ice skating. Game is actually fun and interactive, just the controls. Preferred Grid 2, better controls"
,Recommended,255220,10785354,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hiicantpk,"The Medium difficulty is a little too easy, and the hard difficulty is a bit too hard. Otherwise I've enjoyed this a bunch so far. Turning off the UI and racing in interior view is pretty cool, having to depend on using the pit crew to tell you positions, damage and sush else.Also, your teammates will suck. Until you get to the higher up teams (i am assuming), your teammates will only drag your team score down. Afaik so far, you don't create your own team. For people hoping to customize liverys and such, you might to be out of luck"
76561197977480925,Recommended,255220,10809565,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tootall,You have to play to earn XP and cash to buy and upgrade your cars
76561198024487022,Not Recommended,255220,33617230,Posted: 17 July,all,andrey.2718,"this smoking pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥is not worth your money.1) hit alt-tab? tough luck: go to settings and get your fullscreen mode back by manually selecting you resoluion2)multiplayer/network? people who created this garbage have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea about how it works (like, timeouts/different speed): wanna create a game but your pc is slow? well, ♥♥♥♥ you then, no multiplayer for you. one times out, the oher one loses connection3) by the way, what is this with this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥occuppying 16+Gb? what format do you actually store your assets in? is it RAW or something?"
,Not Recommended,255220,23943256,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Iku,Refund it in 53 Minutes.I expect it will be better than GRID 2but it's not- AI agressive af- No Team to manage (player become a lone wolf selecting a team offer)- No Customization Livery.- Blurry Cockpit camera srsly.Pros: Graphics are good. and there's Mazda Furai
76561198160460401,Recommended,255220,12646536,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,GhostAlfa,really really a nice game!
,Recommended,255220,12852688,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr.Hospes,awesome game!!!! enjoy it !!!!
,Not Recommended,255220,20846514,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Aleksandr,"Полное♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ машина управляется как ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ый поезд. Ни♥♥♥♥♥♥ от симулятора тут нет, самая конченная аркада из всего что есть в steam. Купите PlayStation и поиграйте в серию GranTurismo если вы не отсталый даун и вам доставяет играть в аркаду с физикой из gta san andreas."
76561198079370937,Not Recommended,255220,23942204,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Adam Black,The handling in this game with a keyboard is more unpredictable than ISIS
76561198008086801,Recommended,255220,32247296,Posted: 7 June,all,3G05,"Great game name,which went wrong way,same as CoD,or NFS."
,Not Recommended,255220,26041713,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,向你请罪，芙蕾，原谅,"the ♥♥♥♥ing game is damnshit.multplayer here,you dumb ♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,255220,11001724,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Senna-Esque97,Great game the only things it could do with are:Varied weatherPitstopsHelmet customiserUpdatehad so many amazing league races on it. well worth it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqLB-We9iUc&list=PL5FBW9Bfrwn3QIZIWO9a3zR_IDxPrEuRnhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxhF-LRfbrI
,Not Recommended,255220,11487706,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,penfold147,this game is rubbish the codemasters developers do not help you out after you have paid for  the game when they have messed up everyone one avoid this game otherwise you will be disapppointed like i was
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,255220,12155169,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Smokey,"This game has much worse textures/graphics than Grid 2 and tries to be a real racing game but sadly fails badly at that, so if you want a real racing game then you go buy Shift2 unleashed instead which also has much better graphic then this game has to offer and much more of evrything races/tracks/cars/upgrades/settings you name it ;)edit: dont buy this game save youself the money and waste of time.."
,Recommended,255220,10823980,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dcflakes,10/10 got banned from my own lobby beacause of getting rear ended by somone important.
,Recommended,255220,10874691,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,nO_d3N1AL,"This is a game which appeals to those who are fans of racing and motorsport. Codemasters seem to have nailed the sweet spot this time - perhaps more so than GRID 2. Let's begin with the driving. When most games try to do ""simulation"", this usually translates into unnecessarily dull driving with plenty of understeer, no sense of speed, the inability to drift and the inability to turn while braking. In Autosport, you still get the excitement and sharp handling of GRID 2 but with a lot more control. You can really tell a car's limits jsut from the vibration and tyre noise. I'd describe it as a perfect balance - it's deep but still fun and intuitive. For someone that plays a lot of racing games, I usually find that in some games, you are disadvantaged by not using assists, whereas in this game, turning of all assists and using manual gears is actually rewarding rather than punishing. Whilst GRID 2 was more like a Project Gotham Racing clone, Autosport is more like a Racedriver game. Whilst there is a strong emphasis on teams, the core gameplay experience doesn't feel diluted or pushed aside by unnecessary stats, menus and artificial babble. The main selling point of this game is CHOICE. You can do all the cool street racing and drifts in exotic tuners and supercars, or you can go for a more hardcore time attack approach around tracks or do some endurance racing in touring cars and such. There are five distinct disciplines which cater for a wide audience; and is something I've personally wanted to see as a racing game fan. No longer do I have to go to a separate game for each kind of experience - you can get all the racing you want in one complete package. It's just very much pick-up-and-play. Weekly challenges return in online mode, where you have a target to beat in each of the disciplines. Want to just set a fast lap time with Bronze Silver Gold Platinum to aim for? You can. Want to get an awesome drift going? you can. From street racing to track racing to demolition derby, this game has it all. It is a very high quality game in every sense, from optimisation, game engine and lack of glitches to robust mechanics and controls. The game is highly accessible to those who have little experience in racing games with a plethora of assists and difficulty options, but also gives more seasoned veterans the chance to earn more XP by using fewer assists, higher AI difficulty, less flashbacks etc. There's not much clutter here. You can tune your car, but in a similar manner to DiRT 2 and 3. Just a 5-point slider with short explanations. The only complaint I have is that of interior view. Not only is it the worst I've ever seen in terms of the camera angle, but there is ZERO detail (see screenshots), it's just black. This is dssappointing as this was my major issue with GRID 2. If you can overlook this minor flaw, you will find high quality racing game which is more about what happens on the track than the menus."
,Recommended,255220,10983742,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jack Didley,Even better than the last version. Great game
76561197994153717,Not Recommended,255220,11113421,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bandit,"Not what I was hoping for.  Not a sim, or anything close to it really.  Great arcade style racer but doesnt go much farther then what the series already was about.  If you liked Grid 2, you would probably like AutoSport."
76561198108362816,Not Recommended,255220,13524292,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dan1el1993,Just terrible the driving is just god awful the cars just slide all over the place its like Codemasters said okay lets make the cars handle like a drunk driver is driving the car not recommed buy Grid 2 much better
76561198086643999,Not Recommended,255220,34562351,Posted: 28 August,all,sindre.o,"AI Rubberbands like crazy, would not reccomend."
,Recommended,255220,13909000,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Agent RX,love the water textures in this game10/10
76561198060498521,Recommended,255220,13635550,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Herp McDerpington,Pretty Good. But not as good as Gerrard.
,Not Recommended,255220,24373387,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[HOVA] - Aspire,"Game is really stupid with stupid AI. Impossible to enjoy racing. No fun at all.You are force to join qualification before race, otherwise you have no chance to finish in good position. Stupid AI will crash into you every time you try overtake. Only chance to win race is win qualification and race ""alone"" in front.Don't buy it. Every other racing game out there is better."
,Not Recommended,255220,13655022,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rubberducky1100,"I play a lot of racing games (understatement).  Even looking at this game as an arcade racer Grid really has no remeaming factors.  I know this isn't a helpful review, but this game doesn't even deserve a comprehensive review.  better off putting money towards another racer"
,Not Recommended,255220,16510927,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cogitator,"The game won't go into fullscreen, I go to settings toggle it off then on, nothing."
76561198191685714,Not Recommended,255220,26757364,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ATOM24$,Don´t buy this game cars have no traction I have tried adjusting the difficultly settings nothing works and you can’t have fun you can’t even customize the car when you start playing the game you get a piece of junk car that has no power you can’t even keep up in the group up end up comping last place and cant level up worst game ever. i have played other racing that are more fun  than this one.
76561198015897236,Not Recommended,255220,14443234,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Maverick,"where do I start, I'll make even and say there is not one thing good about this game."
,Recommended,255220,11610167,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kweeeevin the edgehog,"it is a GREAT RACING SIM with a steering wheel, no problem setting up my logitech g25 on it, only con is the clutch isnt realistic, its on or off..."
76561198053601548,Recommended,255220,11630618,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,x7xL3G3NDx7x,Great game ! Perfect racing game for PC.
,Not Recommended,255220,23369647,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Broodjekroket,steering on a racing wheel is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥(feels like a arcade)i give it a 3/10
76561198058348813,Recommended,255220,26600333,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,=SWFT= Kix,A Game worth buying my very first  racing game on steam!10/10 recommended to all.
,Not Recommended,255220,23277261,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,IVAN TRIPOLOSKI,Game stops after 10 minutes of playing and can't find the problem
,Recommended,255220,18169705,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,antimech,GRID Autosport is better than GRID 2!
,Not Recommended,255220,28992178,Posted: 3 January,all,"Hey Vsauce, Iciee here","After 15 hours of play, I freaking hate it now. I got maybe like 3 reasons why I hate it:1. AI is too rubberband-ish, everytime I light tap them to the side, I get rubberbanded against the grass or wall, they also tend to pull away even further (with Hard/Very Hard difficulty, reason why I play both of those difficulties its because I am a veteran with racing games and its fun for me to play harder difficulties), I attend to try closing the gap but they just keep pulling away, tracks like COTA and Okutama Sprint, they attend to pull away.2. I JUST GOT BLACK SCREENED AND I HAD NO OTHER CHOICE BUT TO UNINSTALL IT. Hopefully I get my♥♥♥♥♥♥back if not then im getting my money back.3. This is not Grid I expected to be. After my experience with Grid, this Grid is the worst of them all meaning its BORING AS ♥♥♥♥, Its more focused on serious gaming and I wasn't expecting that on this Grid, please cancel this game the only fun thing for me is Oval racing with IndyCars and that's pretty much it."
,Not Recommended,255220,29774244,Posted: 7 February,all,M00,This is far from a polished product which by now it should be. Great racing most of the time but if you set your car up a bit wrong it takes a full season or whatever that means to change it. I lost interest because the options to change things are so limited. Shame.
,Not Recommended,255220,25864196,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RevenantScrub,Repeatedly slamming my balls with a car door would be a more enjoyable and accurate driving simulation than GRID Autosport. Buy Dirt Rally instead. cant believe its the same producers.
76561198019198267,Not Recommended,255220,14101649,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,LawzoL,"No words can describe how completely and utterly shi*t this game is in every possible way imagineable and possibly conceivable to mankind since the dawn of time and before that, whatever that was. < Whatever that was, it was probably epic in comparison because it didnt exist! If this was to be rated in the biggest pile of dung category, it would be comparable as being s*at out by a creature bigger than our known universe. May sound impossible, but it just was.Seriously pi**ed that I paid even the discounted £6 for this pile of.......grrrr!Addition due to comments received:Words in anger my friends. Words in anger, but I stand solidly behind that initial review!!!!Terrible AI! (They are on a pre-determined path which makes overtaking on the inside line impossible if near a corner and you CANNOT spin or damage them but they seriously f**ck you up on any contact unless you are too soft to have all the assists off)Terrible attempt at arcade handling (Vehicles handle like milk floats, then a corner comes up and they turn into boats sailing along invisible water)Skitzy code (AI 'wobble' or skip a few frames at time, disappearing then reappearing a few feet ahead where they should be and not my hardware related, believe me)No calibration support for steering wheels leaving a floating zone of about half a foot between steering left and right before the vehicle reacts.Blurry first person view.....was a warning sign of shoddy programming!I dont give a sh*t if people buy this game, I am not swaying anyone away from it, but for the first time I saw the pics and vids of this and bought it without reading the reviews and BAM, lesson learned. Most are negative as well from reading before posting mine!Seriously, TOCA on the Playstation all those years ago was incredible compared to this.....and this is just a rushed game to make a few pennies. Horrendous!"
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,255220,21161454,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Destyre,"No support for people with Clutch and Shifter setups on the G920, so forget using a wheel if you want to go with pedals. Didn't see the game really as I couldn't get my wheel to work, despite this game being from a AAA developer who makes pretty much nothing except racing games. Inexcusable. I didn't buy a $400 wheel and pedals to use my keyboard to play a racing game."
76561198121588846,Not Recommended,255220,31846821,Posted: 19 May,all,thegodoferrorrs,it is like doing a drag race on a curvy road with random engine blow
,Not Recommended,255220,34871313,Posted: 10 September,all,shubol,"This could be 8/10 game, but:1: save bug still not fixed - from 2014??? I have over 400 races in career and game stop saving my progress. I try everything what I found on forums and it still don't work. Very pleasant ;-)2: Game crash after about 15 mins if you have Wacom Tablet installed. (Touch pen mod doesn't solve this), you need to turn off ""Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Pen"" - so you also mess up your wacom drivers.3: hard and very hard difficulty sometimes change the game to destruction derby, especially on city circuits. I win the 8 lap race just becasue no opponent stay alive. Also, oponents  block you and/or push you to barrier. They ignore your racing line and pushing forward at all costs. Sometimes funny, but not if you expect clean racing. And I expect from game called ""GRID Autosport"", no ""GRID Destruction Derby"".Also I need to write, I like this game for many reasons, but due to points 1 and 2, I have no motivation to play it and for that this game has zero value for me. Only bacause codemasters can't fix bugs for 3 years!!! And this is why I DON'T recommend this game - buggy even after three years and you CAN'T FINISH THIS GAME"
,Recommended,255220,23438759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shredder Cheeze,Absolutely incredible racing game worth every penny
76561198076931274,Not Recommended,255220,25160469,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,1900,Barely enough cars to choose from. Cars are not visually customizable.
,Not Recommended,255220,34124528,Posted: 9 August,all,Pingullah The Conqueror,too few cars
,Not Recommended,255220,11293212,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,anime wow sound effect (hd),"Eh it's okay, but you may as well buy Grid 1 or 2, this ain't much better."
,Recommended,255220,10952004,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lunatic,"Awsome racing game for the PC, slighly behind FORZA wrt the sim sife of life, but very much fun all the same.  Would be better if you could do more car tuning and had mirrors that worked."
,Recommended,255220,10987938,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Envy,"Found: V8 Supercars 3/TOCA RaceDriver 3's true successor. Its actually a lot of fun, despite not being entirely groundbreaking."
,Not Recommended,255220,10776205,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Streamline,"GRID Autosport promised to be a combination of all things great about GRID and GRID 2, which of course sparked a great bit of hype for Codemaster's upcoming racing game, and I myself went as far as to preorder the game with high expectations. I had enjoyed GRID 2 with my friends for countless hours, and a unification of both games sounded to me like what would be the greatest racing experience for the PC. Codemasters truly did do a great job combining the two games and Autosport boasts fantastic graphics and gameplay mechanics. However, to the dismay of it's fanbase, they had actually subtracted one of the better features of the game with the addition of the disciplinary and vehicle class systems for races. One of the best parts about GRID 2 was the ability to use any car of the event's tier you had desired. There's amazing hilarity and joy in racing an X-bow against a GT-R, and going head to head with racers of all disciplines and varieties, but in GRID Autosport, players are restricted to use class specific vehicles in races, for example, from 20 available cars for a drift event in GRID 2 down to a measely 3 in Autosport. There is no challenge against other players. I love the GRID franchise, but Autosport's discipline system really kills the enjoyment of racing with friends. I sincerely hope and pray that Codemasters considers returning the Tier system or implementing a type of Free Class for multiplayer matches in a upcoming patch or downloadable content to return GRID Online to it's most enjoyable state."
,Not Recommended,255220,12570455,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,清正廉洁赵立春,"unrealistic handing, bad racing wheel support, not an ideal option for those who wana experience real racing"
,Recommended,255220,10772792,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,papertazer,Simply amazing. Looks and feels great. Everything GRID 2 should have been.Con: ONLY CON- car interiors could be done better
,Recommended,255220,10780219,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,aso777,"The Grid Autosport is definately lesson learned over Grid 2, it is the proud continuation of Grid. Grid authentic handling and career progression! Loving every minute, if for some reason game keeps crashing run it in -safemode and tweak the settings accordingly!"
,Not Recommended,255220,10852125,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[.Moe] Gnome The Japanese Maid,"Where to start. No dedicated drift matches like GRID 1, no options to change sensativity on my 360 controller. In this you're not really driving the car, simply admiring the view while being battered by the AI cars. Won't be reccomending this anytime soon..."
76561198111137167,Recommended,255220,11626899,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Speedy,"Best racing game on the market for car people and anyone who loves cars. The graphics are great. The gameplay is better. This game really nails having a feel for the car. I can drift, go fast whatever and never feel like its super ""arcadey"". The cars feel natural. This game balances simulator and arcade racer very well.  My favorite racing physics engine in a long time. Makes it fun to drive for hours and hours. Solid  online community of great racers. But sometimes it can be hard to find a game through matchmaking so I rely on my list of friends ive met playing/racing, the club system by codemasters, and the community pages to find quality online racing lobbies."
76561198050452988,Not Recommended,255220,23807433,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Public.Morozov,Game is awful. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,255220,20306706,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Day,Its Crap
,Not Recommended,255220,25795483,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,.Isaac,"I can't recommend this.The AI isn't good, the sound is bad, the seat-placement in the car can't be properly adjusted, the interior of a car is blurry.It's such an arcade racer that tries to be sim, but it just can't.."
,Not Recommended,255220,21067274,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Entreat_Defeat,Not full screen
,Not Recommended,255220,11179116,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Wolfıe,"Autosport had a lot of potential. It's a deliberate step towards a more serious racing game, and brought a lot of features that fans wanted. The game looks brilliant on paper, with a superb selection of cars, better physics, a new AI and glittering graphics. Sadly the reality is, it's a very technologically impressive game but not very enjoyable to play.Autosport, at several different levels, feels like a game trying to be something it isn't. It advertises itself as a hardcore driver's game, and yet plays like an Arcade Racer. It feels outdated as well; the graphics are outstanding, but the AI and physics feel years behind the competition. If it was priced accordingly, it would be a big hit. Unfortunately, it's priced as a AAA title, which it very much isn't.The driving Physics just don't match the game Codemasters were trying to create. Autosport feels like an Arcade racer; not even a Simcade, but a full Arcade game. Cars drift effortlessly almost by themselves, pull insane G-forces and reach ludicrous speed on the straights. I don't mind stylisation, but selling Autosport as a ""hardcore simcade"" is like pretending Mariokart 8 is a Formula 1 team's simulator.The AI feels much the same as the physics. This isn't a proper circuit-racing AI; it doesn't behave at all like a racing driver, with no thought to rules or self-preservation. It's extremely aggressive, and will frequently ram you for no apparent reason. It also shows some significant perception-related bugs: it will occasionally drive into solid objects at full-throttle apparently unaware that they're even there."
76561197998126401,Recommended,255220,11182998,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Thumbs©,dont believe the meta score !!
,Recommended,255220,12691719,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Computer,"GRID's saving grace. GRID Autosport. Grid 3 was so terrible, they basically scrapped the game and pushed on with GRID Autosport.Want to know a secret? Very very incredible comeback. Racing became simulated again. Realism was once again supplied to us simulator gamers. I'd strongly suggest a controller or a wheel and pedal for your PC. Variable braking, accelleration, and steering will make a world of a difference for you. If I only had Forza on PC... If only...4.2/5 because it's not Forza."
76561198207894588,Recommended,255220,23789134,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Carlos,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,255220,11696413,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Gangsta Kitten,Most realistic racer I've ever played. Best graphics I've ever seen besides Skyrim. Highly reccomended!
,Recommended,255220,25216712,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,B E N C H R A C E R***,this guy is so great
,Not Recommended,255220,14106596,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gunnernuke,Possibly the worst racing game i have ever played. Running it on a GTX650 just dont even try it or with a logitech G27. Game seems to have a 20fps cap wont go above it. Wheel and pedals constantly stop working in game and also game provides no forcefeed back in any way. Dont waste your money on this piece of crap embarresment to racing game. Unless they can update it I wil refuse to play it.
,Recommended,255220,14100517,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tzunny,Great game !
76561197968130967,Not Recommended,255220,11328278,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MaK,This game is so bad I dont even know where to start.Buy Grid 2 and save yourself the trouble of this rushed POS
,Not Recommended,255220,22274240,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr.Joestur,Tons of cars and customization but the AI is the worst i have ever seen in a game ever and makes it impossible to play.
76561198297351677,Recommended,255220,28338393,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mark Cuban,cool
76561198109173429,Not Recommended,255220,33913644,Posted: 30 July,all,Tallmidget,This game is sooo bad the cars feel like they drive on dry ice
,Not Recommended,255220,15207793,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Cuddletauren,"GRID Autosport has been one of my favorite racing games for a pretty long while now. That being said, I don't recommend this faulty software for anything over $15.There are countless instances of saved games being corrupted irrecoverably. My first save profile was suddenly corrupted, making it useless. All of my time spent on my profile, all of the cars that I've worked months and months to buy, since you can only get a new garage slot after leveling up. This gets to be a MAJOR grind, especially when you've done it before.After I started the game up, I found my latest profile, which was even more accomplished than my previous corrupted one to be corrupted.I shouldn't need to back up the very hard to locate save file every time I start the game. This has made be very disappointed, because GRID Autosport's gameplay (multiplayer in particular) is rather fun and has kept me interested for many many many hours. Hours that gone now for good.Codemasters, the publisher of the game did promise a fix for the save corruption back in November 2014. It doesn't work.Here's my bottom line advice: If you want the game, don't buy it on steam. You might want a refund at some point. Steam doesn't even answer help tickets anymore, and would never give a refund for what I perceive to be a DEAL-BREAKING defective product. I definitely wish I could get a refund, as I play games expecting them to not remove 900 hours of playing put in.If I was to play GRID Autosport again, I have no cars, no money to buy cars, not enough garage slots for even 5 cars. It would take me a long time of playing to get back to where I was, and here is what it comes down to: it's not worth the time. The game isn't good enough to be allowed to steal my time.I don't recommend this game due to a major defect that has persisted for years now. Fixes were promised, never delivered.On the other hand, if you find the game on sale, and you're not too serious about racing, it's a fun game that is twice as expensive at it should be allowed to be."
76561198001707532,Not Recommended,255220,20826565,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Go-Hideyosi™,Crap arcade. $hitty Management (physics - garbage). Career - terrible boredom.I did not reach up to half. I'm played mostly on the network. Have fun troll. Especially sausage (germany) - they are so stupid !!! LOL
,Not Recommended,255220,28167992,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Snagari,"Reinstalled this game and would have liked to race tonight but no...First as I started the game it opened in a really small windows. Googled the problem and downloaded some random software that makes the game borderless. Wohoo! It makes the game run fullscreen.Then to apply controls. To the settings I go and save them. First race and my car won't steer or stop. Wtf? The settings have been reset. Oh well. Reapply the settings and off we go...For two races at a time. Because the game freezes every now and then. Maybe the random software I mentioned before or maybe the games just glitchy. Don't really care anymore.Every race is the same. I think in every race that I raced today the top 3 was allways the same. Me first, Ravenwest team second and thrid. And my teammate last."
76561198083944318,Not Recommended,255220,11057658,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Whitelightning71,?????
,Recommended,255220,23707372,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,AL4N,quite goodis there any good pc racing game?
76561198024484419,Not Recommended,255220,10986091,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Madruben,"Not recommended until Codemasters patch it.The game is very fun but I can only play it for 20 o 20 minutes till it crash or freeze. My Pc runs all the other games fine, even Grid 2.So be aware you could have this problems until they find a solution!!!"
,Not Recommended,255220,11089653,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,•҉Tezuni,terrible
76561198014737187,Recommended,255220,11191061,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jaynuck,If your a fan of the grid series this is a must have.
,Not Recommended,255220,21840253,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Goddamn Windows98,"Freezes ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME, even in menus. I want a refund."
76561198160529443,Not Recommended,255220,22805967,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,bradleyburke21,"Game will no longer load, I select play autosport, tries, then screen comes back up, so i select touch screen, tries to load, then screen pops up AGAIN, odd, since I have played it before, delete for another game, cant recommend this game because not being able to load it is kind of a problem, dont ya think, skip it, not worth it"
,Not Recommended,255220,25787601,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DANKA,GRID 1 > GRID Autosport
,Not Recommended,255220,28381156,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Stanley,Disgusting piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesnt work with wheels like G29 or G920 unless you are lucky enough to make it work using some file swapping/editing.Absolutely pathetic.
76561197968463489,Not Recommended,255220,33911577,Posted: 30 July,all,Kwortic13L,Buy Assetto Corsa or Project cars instead.
76561198287377966,Recommended,255220,26125800,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,pangpond2410,this game very good perfect
,Not Recommended,255220,28086972,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sentry 22,its not worth your time
,Not Recommended,255220,21658439,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,edle.sieben,"What i learnd in the game:You just got☐ Not rekt☑ Rekt☑ Really Rekt☑ Tyrannosaurus Rekt☑Cash4Rekt.com☑ Grapes of Rekt☑ Ship Rekt☑ Rekt markes the spot☑ Caught rekt handed☑ The Rekt Side Story☑ Singin' In The Rekt☑ Painting The Roses Rekt☑ Rekt Van Winkle☑ Parks and Rekt☑ Lord of the Rekts: The Reking of the King☑ Star Trekt☑ The Rekt Prince of Bel-Air☑ A Game of Rekt☑ Rektflix☑ Rekt it like it's hot☑ RektBox 360☑ The Rekt-men☑ School Of Rekt☑ I am Fire, I am Rekt☑ Rekt and Roll☑ Professor Rekt☑ Catcher in the Rekt☑ Rekt-22☑ Harry Potter: The Half-Rekt Prince☑ Great Rektspectations☑ Paper Scissors Rekt☑ RektCraft☑ Grand Rekt Auto V☑ Call of Rekt: Modern Reking 2☑ Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina of Rekt☑ Rekt It Ralph☑ Left 4 Rekt☑www.rekkit.com☑ Pokemon: Fire Rekt☑ The Shawshank Rektemption☑ The Rektfather☑ The Rekt Knight☑ Fiddler on the Rekt☑ The Rekt Files☑ The Good, the Bad, and The Rekt☑ Forrekt Gump☑ The Silence of the Rekts☑ The Green Rekt☑ Gladirekt☑ Spirekted Away☑ Terminator 2: Rektment Day☑ The Rekt Knight Rises☑ The Rekt King☑ REKT-E☑ Citizen Rekt☑ Requiem for a Rekt☑ REKT TO REKT ♥♥♥ to ♥♥♥☑ Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Rekt☑ 30 Rekts of Night☑ Braverekt☑ Batrekt Begins☑ 2001: A Rekt Odyssey☑ The Wolf of Rekt Street☑ Rekt's Labyrinth☑ 12 Years a Rekt☑ Gravirekt☑ Finding Rekt☑ The Arekters☑ There Will Be Rekt☑ Christopher Rektellston☑ Hachi: A Rekt Tale☑ The Rekt Ultimatum☑ ♥♥♥♥♥♥☑ Rektal Exam☑ Rektium for a Dream☑www.Trekt.tv☑ eREKTile Dysfunction☑ 30 Days of Rekt☑ Halo: REKTing Evolved☑ Heroes of the Rekt☑ Mad Rekt☑ Rekt Space 2☑ Rise of the Rekt Raider☑ Arma 2: Operation REKThead☑ BioREKT: Infinite☑ Tomb Raider REKTiversary☑ Rekt Simulator☑ Metro Rekt Light☑ MX vs. REKTtv☑ Just Rekt 3☑ Baby you're a fireREKT☑ Crysis REKThead☑ RoboREKT☑ REKTident Evil: 5☑ REKTz☑ REKTing Dogs: Definitive Edition☑ REKTFrame☑ Clash of Rekt☑ Counter-Strike: Global REKTfensive☑ Final REKTasy: XVIII☑ REKTMan☑ Uncharted: A Rekt End☑ Deus Rekt☑ Rekt Gear Solid V: The Phantom Rekt☑ Quantum Rekt☑ Rekt Citizen☑ Gears of Rekt☑ SUPERREKT☑ Rekt Souls 2☑ Garry's Rekt☑ The Rekt Scrolls: SkyREKT☑ Fallout: Rekt Vegas☑ REKTball Manager☑ NBA REKT16☑ Rakt Ball Z☑ The Binding of Isaac: AfterREKT☑ UnREKT Engine☑ Call of Duty: The Big Rekt One☑ REKTpool☑ Rainbow Rekt Seige☑ OutREKT☑ Rollercoaster REKTcoon☑ REKTometry Dash☑ The Walking Rekt☑ The Sims 3: Late Rekt☑ The REKTsons☑ Rekt Island: Game of the Rekt Edition☑ Rekt Faction☑ Army of Rekt☑ The Rekt Principle☑ Rekt Fighter V☑ Need for Rekt☑ Rekt vs. Zombies☑ REKTBusters☑ Rekt on Mars"
,Not Recommended,255220,21855458,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Xipa Pan,GRID Autosport sucks. Original GRID is the best.
76561198029554089,Not Recommended,255220,31655156,Posted: 9 May,all,Chelle,I know it did not say win 10 but come on why is it then still for sale when 99% of population are using said !Plays flawlessly on ultra until  'hey presto 'it freezes and only way out is alt tab delete etc.Trapsed all over the internet for solutions some are pie in the sky and others are written by numpty's for there is no fix sadly.Losing faith a little in purchasing from Steam due to having also refunded previous order.There needs to be a ( WILL WORK ON WIN 10 ) EXCLAMATION METHINKS...REALLY NOT GOOD ENOUGH AND VERY DISAPPOINTED.
,Recommended,255220,12507582,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,WizZeLa [BaLi],The Best Racing Game ever !!! Feel like drive real Car.You Must Buy it !
,Not Recommended,255220,29250116,Posted: 14 January,all,WILLYPILLY,i want a refund.whenever i launch the game it crashesdont waste 43.99 on this
76561198284916554,Not Recommended,255220,29435077,Posted: 22 January,all,MayoLuck,"♥♥♥♥ steam and there♥♥♥♥♥♥ass refund policy. Sold you a game that works just enought to get past there ""play time"" never works again. Sorry we got your money ♥♥♥♥ you is more like there policy. Wont be buying many more games bc this isnt the first game they sold and it stop working."
,Not Recommended,255220,34533388,Posted: 27 August,all,Seann william scott,i cant even start this game
,Recommended,255220,10764206,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Jazzy Vegetarian,YES ITS AWESOME
,Not Recommended,255220,34847063,Posted: 9 September,all,✧･ﾟ: * HOT ANIME GIRL ^.^ ✧･ﾟ: *,"3/10it's simplistic and has unrealistic driving mechanics like an arcade racer, yet it's boring and characterless like a racing simulator.Worst of both worlds."
,Not Recommended,255220,32511408,Posted: 17 June,all,西方野蛮人,"Самая ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥овая часть в серии.Какой кайф разменивать ХП машины что бы иметь шанс выбится в лидеры, если дефолтный победный бот выходит в лидеры гонки то другие ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и - будут мешать и идти на таран, со сломаным мотором - уже шансов выбиться в лидеры нет.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нный АИ - симулирует ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а из рашки за рулем.Ни♥♥♥♥♥♥ никакого релизма, ручную коробку передач - нельзя выставить в настройках."
76561198035188199,Not Recommended,255220,32260996,Posted: 7 June,all,Thrashmangler,This POS crashes my compter. GRID doesnt GRID 2 doesnt. PASS
76561198051547341,Not Recommended,255220,25327435,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Delimon,"I pre-order this game and have been trying to get a refund ever since.Please, do not buy this horrible game. The AI is some of the worst that I've ever seen. The cars handling in the game is very bad to be realistic feeling, and on top of that you can't custimize your difficulty level that well.I absolutely loved grid 2d which was why I pre-ordered this game to see what this company was capable of and if they would meet my expectations. Not only did they not meet my expectations, they have lost my trust as a customer. I don't have that to say about many games but owning this game literally offends me because it is that bad and was that broken on release.I can't tell you if they have made any changes to this game, but I will say to buy this at your own risk or to just not buy it at all. If you want a racing game forza is now coming out for PC on windows so just buy that instead it will be a much better product, hell this isn't even a product I'd call it a scam.I don't have many no recommendations to hand out as usually I'm a pretty fair and unbiased critic and can cearly state the ups and downs of a game. The only ups this game has is looking pretty and nothing else.If you really want a racing game that is fun and has its own unique style of racing then try out Grid 2, that game is amazing.If you want a similation racing game then just wait for Forza to come to PC, and I think the beta is free to participate in right now as well.Do yourself a favor and do not buy this game."
76561198042320966,Not Recommended,255220,10781645,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AngryBurrito,Game wont launch
76561197961542248,Not Recommended,255220,26087696,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarkKnight,Its not a good game
76561198035176932,Not Recommended,255220,31146853,Posted: 14 April,all,Grim Reefer,I have no need in playing a game that crashes this much.
,Not Recommended,255220,32549790,Posted: 18 June,all,Gruta,"Pessoal, joguei bastante esse jogo até, fiz a campanha e tal...Na epoca curti até experimentar o PROJECT C.A.R.S. ... mano, esse jogo é arcade comparado a ele.Se vc só quer curtir e dirigir igual no NFS, pega...se quer algo mais realista pega o project cars, papo reto"
,Not Recommended,255220,32107222,Posted: 1 June,all,ryder,"Worst autosport game ever made.- Poor graphics (i mean, you are a driver, right. so imagine that you are not in a driver's seat, but in a bloor and polygons, in a real *** triangle)- Poor management (there is no choise of your co-driver and other team... but you can hire a Razor. Sorry but in this game it's just a car cover with awful stickers on it)- Poor *** physics (imagine you are driving a sportcar and entering right turn, there is your opponent in front of you doing the same thing. you are bumping his/her rear right side of the car and... you are slowing down and nothing happens. Congratulations. Now you have all knowledge of physics)"
,Not Recommended,255220,31339785,Posted: 24 April,all,KingWinter,"The game is way too expensive for what it is, any forza or horizon game way better."
,Not Recommended,255220,31279539,Posted: 21 April,all,redlazerr,"bought this a while ago, and the biggest waste of $40."
76561198062902544,Not Recommended,255220,14089013,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,LS1,!?!?! having paid £25 for this less than a few days ago im massively unimpressed that its now only £6!!!! not a good way to keep loyal customers happy steam!!!!!!
,Recommended,255220,11091160,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Boss Hawes,Beautiful gane and awesome game play.
,Recommended,255220,29529643,Posted: 27 January,all,Yalniz Panda,"Soo sweet , soo fast and more adrenalin . I like it."
76561198032813992,Not Recommended,255220,17241355,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Senntral,
76561198098830800,Recommended,255220,17242952,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Karb,Standing Ovation!!!!!!!!!!
76561197969558929,Recommended,255220,17187136,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DA* | Punchus,The most fun I have had with a driving game for a VERY long time.Good physics model and great AI.Makes you want to keep pushing!!!
,Recommended,255220,17038167,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,alexalex95070,"amzing racing sometimes think its better than forza, but i would like it if they deffined the interior a bit more"
,Recommended,255220,17211727,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Weke,gg :3
76561197974969336,Recommended,255220,17295837,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GoGGo,this game is a great improvement from Grid 2.  It has gone back to the original style of Grid which suits my game play style.A big plus with this game is the V8 utes and they seam to handle different to a sedan which gives it a more authentic feel.
,Recommended,255220,17102913,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,[BEER4] whiskey*BBQ,"very good game. Main stream offline is quite terrible but, online game with good drivers such a good game.Extreamly good when you have your team do voice chat while driving and tactics.I'd say GRID(the 1st one) had much better cockpit views but not complaining about it,"
76561198021352881,Recommended,255220,16988659,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jontymcd,Grid Autosport is one of the best racing games on PC! I highly recommend it!
76561198018057342,Recommended,255220,17226790,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rabid Ratel,Great single player. Not entirely convinced by the damage from collisions or the feel of the cars but very enjoyable regardless.
,Recommended,255220,16771531,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BlueMelonEatingDogs,Love it.
,Recommended,255220,16970228,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Georgeous98,"So idk why people are saying this game sucks and stuff, the only thing iv'e noticed is bad AI. Looks amazing. Feels pretty realistic. Fun for me. I just wish people would play multiplayer, If your up for some multiplayer add me on steam. :)"
76561198049245968,Recommended,255220,16970308,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Andy23511,"I don't know what to freaking say about this game other than Dirt 3 is a GREAT alternative that doesn't cause anywhere near the same amount of frustration.Fun aspects:+ Feels like driving a car on a track sort of+ Good force feedback on a Logitech G27+ Fun to throw supercars on a time trial track and just driveNot fun aspects:- The AI accelerate faster than you off the line- You're usually in 16th so it takes laps to catch up (your event rival is sometimes in 1st even)- You have the beat the rival in 4-6 lap races -_-- Even if you win, your team never does because your teammate SUCKS- Ravenwest drivers do some physically impossible stuff (ie higher speed cornering, not damaging etc)- The driver that flipped over can be seen in your mirror catching up to you at twice your speed- No consistency with FPS on different events (have to constantly mess with graphics settings)Really not fun aspects:-- Penalty forces you to drive super slow-- The driver behind you suddenly touches your bumper causing you to spin into the grass then get a penalty-- The driver in front suddenly brakes causing you to try and stop into him then spin into the grass getting a penalty-- The driver behind ignores your existence in a turn and pushes you off-- The AI constantly ram through you because their cars push like twice the boost yours does?-- Everyone's got the same car as you AND STILL ACCELERATES FASTER THAN YOU GAAAAAAHI still recommend because I don't mind playing it in small amounts. It makes me want to throw my G27 out the window if I play it too long."
76561198059574931,Not Recommended,255220,17320202,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Kingz4eva,"Cheap attempt on a racing game, not worth buying."
76561198035570566,Not Recommended,255220,17471471,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,MisterGiggles,This game was very inadequate. Everything aspect of the game has drawbacks - seriously.
76561198008818553,Recommended,255220,17417188,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Slim Pickens,"Out of all the racing sims available, and I have all of them, this one is still the best.  Projects Cars looks better, Asseto Corsa has better physics, IRacing has the leagues and community, RFactor2 and its ""subsidiaries"" have loads of realism,  Forza has countless cars, etc., etc., but this game is very well-rounded in all of those aspects despite not mastering any of them.  IMO, the damage model is simulated extremely well and can be comparable to Dirt Rally.  I've seen some wrecks that really blew my mind and many of them were without my direct involvement and rather the end result of the Ai simply pushing their machines beyond their limits.  I'm glad there is a rewind feature for those moments.  And the Ai are incredible.  Other than iRacing, I don't play against online players.  Simply too many factors can work against me.  So, I rely on really good Ai behaviour and you get it here.  I can't begin to describe how well of a job Codemasters has done in programming the Ai.  They're not too hard and not to easy, not overbearing or sloppy/wreckless.  The best Ai I have ever raced against.  Awesome.There are many good racing sims out there, but this one is a must-have."
,Recommended,255220,13366334,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Maxamillion,"I had my review as negative, because it can be difficult to find races.. But you have to join a club, after that and you add a few people..there are races everywhere. A very fun racer."
,Recommended,255220,17529146,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sschmidt30,"This is one of the best racing games I've played. Been out of the loop for quite sometime, awesome graphics, gameplay and plenty of different types of racing.  Haven't really played online against other people so I can't comment on that part. I recommend this game to all driving fans."
,Recommended,255220,17306172,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Picked this game up for $5 on a sale. I like the game for the most part. It has some flaws but not enough to turn me away. I wish it had the option to customize the cars. Other than that its fun. Cross between simulation and arcade driving. Different car almost every race. You race for a team in the events, in which ever car that team has. You have the option to pick between 2 different(cars) teams. Helluva game for $5. Graphics are pretty good too. I have more to explore with this game too."
,Not Recommended,255220,19709330,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Root782,"Just bought your Grid Autosport game for Linux on Steam and i can't launch it (stuck to the Grid logo).Here's my setupUbuntu 14.04Nvidia GTX760 GPU (352.55) Had to downgrade my driver firstAMD phenom X4 3.2gzh16go DDR3After downgrading my driver to the recommended 352.55 and reboot with (sudo apt-get remove nvidia* && sudo service gdm stop then install 352.55 from Nvidia proprietaries drivers and reboot), always the same, the game was stuck to the Grid Autosport logo."
,Recommended,255220,19795276,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Epileptic Dinosaur,"GRID Autosport is a bit of a mixed bag, but is otherwise a good game.The interior camera from GRID 1 has returned, but the cockpit of the car is blurred out and none of the gauges or mirrors are actually working, which means that the interior camera is purely aesthetic and has little added immersion over the chase cameras.Sadly, the team management feature from GRID 1 has been dumbed down as well. The entire singleplayer career mode is done through a contract system, and the ability to manage your team and cars is only available in multiplayer. Not sure why they programmed in the team management system and then decided to leave it out of singleplayer.GRID Autosport really shines when it comes to the racing experience, however. The physics model is moderately arcade-y, but the AI is excellent, the races are difficult, and the team radio is very well done. You can radio in different commands to your pit crew and request information regarding your partner's position in the pack, your rival's position, or the condition of your car's mechanical systems. They'll also occasionally radio in with helpful advice, alerting you to accidents that occur farther up the track or upcoming road conditions.The Linux port of the game by Feral Interactive is of commendable quality, as well. My outdated GT650M is able to run the game at a 1280x1024 resolution with the graphics on the High preset without ever dipping below 30 FPS, even when I turn on soft ambient occlusion and crank the vehicle detail up to Ultra. I was also pleasantly surprised to see that my Thrustmaster Ferrari F430 FF wheel worked right out of the box, force feedback and all. My only gripe is that I had to pull the latest version of the nVidia drivers out of my distribution's experimental repository; this is because the game depends on a very recent version of the drivers.All in all, the game could've done with a little more polishing before it was released, but is still fun and feels authentic-- runs great on Linux, too."
76561198099326521,Not Recommended,255220,19780920,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,simplyblueg,"Grid Autosport crashes with Windows 10 home editionGuys, my Windows 10 pc crashes a lot while playing Grid Autosport. If you are considering buy this game, you'd better think twice since Steam or Codemasters doesn't issue a warning on this. I asked them for help. But, no solved reply from Steam, no Windows patch currently from Codemasters that is what I can be sure."
76561197965826511,Not Recommended,255220,20121385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AndiF,Doesn't start under Linux/Steamplay. Should be fixed soon :(
76561198127397827,Not Recommended,255220,20069075,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ElPablo,"buggy pile of crap, why dont you test before releasing. controller setup is crap. keyboard hardly works, mouse none even available. epic fail. stop producing untested work. read up on Quality Assurance and Bug Fixing. What looks good is unplayable"
,Recommended,255220,20218018,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TheRareGamer,"Realy nice game! i love it buy my PC doesent meet the right req... :/ I can play it at ""super low"" xD but it is not iti want to see the real beauty of this game! When i upgrade ill dowload this game frist to see how it looks like :D Maybe buying a wheel so i can have ""the best experience"" (sorry if i have some mistakes) Thanks for reading tho! HAPPY NEW YEAR Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,255220,22482592,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheFools,"recomended for those who want to master every turn in real track, real car driving , time manipulation , not for easy racing fans"
76561198014355839,Recommended,255220,22406560,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The Federation Spy ©,"Although it is a good racing game with decent physics and good wheel support, there were some extremely frustrating oversights.  Not allowing car selection in career mode was terrible.  Not being given specifications on the car forced upon you is even worse.  You literally need to either Google the car to see if it's RWD, FWD, or 4WD, or test it on the road prior to every event just you know what the hell you're dealing with.  Pretty substantial oversight for casual players who don't know these car specs off by heart.  I also find it immensely irritating that if your rear wheel, not even just the point of contact, touches a single blade of grass, your entire back end loses all traction.  There is a reason this game includes a rewind feature.  The developers likely knew that practice just wasn't enough and that people were going to find themselves in situations they needed to undo based on major bugs.If you're into racing games and enjoy cruising through decently high-res well-made scenery.  You should at least have this title in your collection.  If you're looking for a more realistic and less frustrating racing sim, I'd save your money for Project Cars or Assetto Corsa."
,Recommended,255220,21790468,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Robbo30000 the mlg pro #GeT ReKT,really enjoyable racing simulator
,Recommended,255220,21783234,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Coplan,"Very enjoyable.  The game is challenging in a way that is not punishing.  The graphics are not the best of the genre, but an excellent balance between good looking and performance.  The career system is absolutely top notch, second only to the likes of Gran Tourismo in terms of building a garage, but it is very close behind.  The experience points (XP) system felt a little out of place at first, at least for a racing sim.  But it really seemed to add an interesting depth to the game, which I now welcome.  After coming off of Project Cars, this is a refreshing breath of fresh air:  I really enjoy playing it and I don't even mind when I lose...because I feel I still accomplished something."
,Recommended,255220,17205606,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,fidro,Dobrá hra
76561198073797085,Recommended,255220,22441130,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Akella,"Really awsome gameplay, great handling, easy to run. 11/10"
76561198100790239,Recommended,255220,22357930,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,dtryon0577,"this game is great ! i see a lot of complaints about ,, well everything but!! this game plays on linux and pc and is not complicated for beginers and looks amazing on both platforms a real game changer for linux ! been waiting for a good race game on that platform and now we have one ! so if you enjoy games and like race car type games this is for you. if you into real simulation type car games then this is not going to make you fully happy. thank you grid for making this and i hope to see more linux playable racing games in the future. please dont forget we love to get crazy with customizations lol maybe next game could have more options."
76561198076144668,Not Recommended,255220,22208000,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,alexblaster12,"the game always crashes, thats why its best to get the game as a disc cause it sucks on steam all grid game sucks on steam except for grid 1, that run very good"
,Not Recommended,255220,22296176,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,1337Bill,very bad linux port.
,Recommended,255220,22193005,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Papa Soner,Made me needle all my body because of an endurance race...10/10 would Slipknot again.
,Recommended,255220,22275436,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,GODSPEED,Great game...buy it no questions asked complain and get your refund before 2 hours
76561198028050591,Not Recommended,255220,21788830,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mondamor,"I would like to love this game, but for me its unplayable. It looks good, feels good has a huge amount of racetypes and cars (all is fine so far), BUT as soon as i crash into a wall or barrier the game gets stuck/ into a loop (car starts spinning or accelerating on its own) where i even cant ""kill"" it with ctrl+alt+del, altF4 or windows-key. Only a hardreset does the job.The final ""killswitch"" even corrupted my savefile, so i cant even start the game (crashes in loading screen!) Silly thing is i wanted to give a windowed mode a try, but well...will uninstall it. Bought it with this weekends sale. Maybe Grid 1+2 do a better job for me ;)"
,Recommended,255220,21761248,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jooe,"Fun racing game, performs well and looks nice (as long as you stay out of the cockpit view).The career mode has a lot of races to complete, however I feel like having to drive a track 3 times (qualifying and 2 races) in some events becomes tiring and tedious.In terms of online, I've never been able to encounter anyone else playing in Australia.Worth buying if on sale."
,Recommended,255220,21673781,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,nuclear_jesus,"nice to have a racegame on linux. and it's even a nice one at that.I play casual, this game does that for me. While it's not that complicated, it's challenging. (for me)some minor nuisances:- cannot exit the game without forfeiting a race once your in it. Sometimes I'm just out of time and have to quit.- sometimes, the gameplay is distorted due to performance, however could be some issue on my machine. Haven't put any effort into investigating this. (fairly old amd phenom x4 cpu and rather new geforce gtx 960)"
76561198095054683,Not Recommended,255220,20398140,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,claw,The Linux port has some horrible flaws.All these things might be related to the unsupported AMD Hardware:The Game does not grab focus correctly when startet from big picture its starts but you cant control it until focuses. Multiplayer splitscreen does not show seconds player. instead you see a static picture which is the same for replays.Crashes once in an hour
,Recommended,255220,20418104,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stormin' Norvin,"This is probably the best racing game I have ever played to date with very realistic cars and graphics.  I bought it mainly for Linux / future Steam Machine gaming and am thrilled that I like it so much.  Getting it during the Christmas Sale at $17.49 USD for the Complete Edition was nice as well.This is much more fun than the BORING NASCAR (and similar) games where almost all of the tracks are in pretty circles with only four left turns.  Australian V8 Supercars and Formula 1 are where the real racing is at.  GRID Autosport also features other race types.  You can read about them and the different cars here:http://blog.codemasters.com/grid/04/introducing-grid-autosport/http://blog.codemasters.com/grid/06/grid-autosport-track-list/http://blog.codemasters.com/grid/06/the-cars-of-grid-autosport/http://blog.codemasters.com/grid/The only issue I had with this game was I have an AMD Radeon HD 7770 with 1 GB of RAM and Ubuntu MATE 14.04.3 LTS using the fglrx-updates drivers didn't play well.  I had to uninstall the fglrx-updates drivers to revert to the default open source driver, reboot, go to AMD's website and download the four .DEB files for Ubuntu 14.04, install them, reboot, and set the graphics in the game to Ultra Low and Low settings.  Here is a video on how to update the drivers on Ubuntu GNU/Linux distributions easily:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycW4zzyjsX0Everything still looks good and AMD graphic cards may soon be fully supported with higher graphic settings once AMD takes their Linux driver development (especially on Ubuntu) more seriously.  NVIDIA is presently the best option for this game though I like AMD better due to what NVIDIA did to 3dfx Interactive."
76561198059358921,Recommended,255220,20415026,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,hightime1011,This game got some pretty nice driving!
,Recommended,255220,20272677,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,144hz Master,"Unlike Need for Speed, Grid Autosport is not locked on 60hz 30fps/60fps. This is THE racing game to utilize the full potential of a 120hz/144hz monitor. It looks amazing. The game easily achieves average of 40fps on Intel HD Graphics 3000 on 1366x768 with the lowest possible graphical settings (and looks very decently!), and 110fps on gtx980ti on 1920x1080 with the highest possible graphical settings. So it should be really easy to achieve 120fps on gtx750 and above, with the right graphical settings.As for the game itself, it's very fun. I've played Need for Speed franchise a lot, and it's a refreshing experience to play something else. GRID Autosport is harder than Need for Speed, don't expect to finish in the 1st place if you are a beginner in this game, it takes some time to master the mechanics. BUT the good news is that you have the ""FLASHBACK"" feature, means you can rewind a couple of seconds while in single-player race to fix your mistakes, and belive me this saves A LOT of time that else would be spent for restarting the whole race again and again. This doesn't mean that you will not restart races, you will restart a lot especially as a beginner, but significantly less than you were restarting in Need for Speed.There is only one thing that I hate about the single player - as a part of an event you will have to race the same map again and again. I hate this repetitivity.Online multiplayer is even harder than the Single Player. One mistake is enough to immediately move to the last place. You want to play a lot of single player before you win in the first places of the multiplayer. I don't feel too excited about the multiplayer, it feels almost the same as the single player, but much harder.The ""FLASHBACK"" feature is not working in multiplayer, instead it working as a ""RESET"" feature in traditional racing games, what makes multiplayer even harder.The User Interface of the multiplayer is frustrating. Firstable, you will be added to a room with an on-going race and you can't play or do anything except quitting or waiting to the end of the on-going race. Then you will have to wait a lot until next race will actually start. There is just a lot of unnecessary waiting and unnecessary screen to pass until the 3,2,1,go!.1 - Graphics1 - Hardware compatibility1 - Hardware utilizing0.8 - Single player Gameplay1 - Single player features1 - Single player User Interface1 - Multi player Gameplay1 - Multi player features0 - Multiplayer User Interface0.5 - Creativity8.3 / 10 - Total"
,Recommended,255220,19456957,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,THATKID,Very fun I could play this game for days if i had the time   Also you can put the graphics on low and it still looks great!
76561198111451831,Recommended,255220,19378861,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TheSilentHunter,"At first I didnt know whether to buy this game or not... considered the reviews and said, ""F*** it, might as well.""It's a great game with an awesome combination of Racing simulation with the fun that an arcade style racing game provides. Graphics are stunning yet in a way 'economical'. I have a HP laptop that only has intel i5 with no Radeon or Nvidia but it still plays lag free with the graphics on high. GRID Autosport is a massive step up from GRID 2 in many ways. The most noticeable being the awesome new gamestyle and storymode which unlike GRID 2, does not become boing after a while.Pros:GraphicsStory ModeNew Menu's & HUDGamemodesGameplayCons:The steering isn't quite as crisp as it was in GRID 2"
,Not Recommended,255220,19408525,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,GarageMonkee,"If you're into the Grid style of racing, you get lots of it. New racing genres are nice, but overall you feel no connection to the team you race for. The broken rewind feature (always seems to not work right when you need it) has on more than one occasiona made me rage-uninstall the game."
76561198258938858,Recommended,255220,19896705,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bruno.trnka,Best racing simulator I have ever played. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,255220,19876759,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,siuwae,very good graphicsgood game balance (NPC are tough)
,Recommended,255220,19903517,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,athasy. ッ,The game fits all the expectations i have but...If you want to buy this game to play it alone in single player... Just don't... AI drivers are just annoying. They keep steering on you and knocking you off the track.Multiplayer is awesome. I love racing online with friends and others too.
76561197989621226,Recommended,255220,19917761,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,D/D ORTHROS,good racing
76561198149731094,Not Recommended,255220,19834876,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,rlee07928,"The game always crashes exactly 15 minutes in, for no reason at all. Every time. It's pretty much unplayable. Even on a relatively powerful computer, Grid Autosport is laggy and glitchy- it wion't put in steering input mid corner because of the lag, and you'll spin out as a result. On a laptop? Forget about it.On top of this, the multiplayer is dead, and nobody is online."
,Recommended,255220,19387069,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rhodem,The game is great but there are lots of bugs. Crashes on/after the race. I hope you guys can fix it.
,Recommended,255220,19814888,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pururin,8.5/10
,Not Recommended,255220,19781744,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DJEscreet,"GRID Autosport has a personality disorder. It doesnt know if it is a Sim or an Arcade Racer. It trys to do both and fails. There are not enough tracks to be a good sim. Track boundry penalties are too strict to be a good arcade racer. Realism is lacking in all areas of the game, for example who's ever heard of a series that has different cars from one event to the next. My main gripe is the lack of tracks. Yes there are a lot of variations of track but actual real locations are really few and far between, and who really wants to race every variation of each track or fictional tracks too for that matter. The final nail in the coffin for me was the night race at brands hatch, I can hear the track neighbours drawing up their solicitors letters already!! Seriously though, all everyone wants are the cars & tracks we see in our fav. series accross the world, F1, Indycar, WTCC, BTCC, Aussie V8s, F3.5, FE, Nascar and all the junior series in support. Give us an encyclopedia of tracks from history to race on in whatever series from whatever year we want,  dedicated Sim and Arcade modes and everyone will be happy. Oh wait, is that what project cars is aiming for....??  your move!!!  By the way, GRID2 was appalling so at least you didnt have to improve Autosport much to make it look a little better, so at least your headin in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,255220,20295244,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FatSackMonk,"This is the first time I refunded a game. This game is not bad, but just not suitable for me. All I wanted to start with was getting a car to practice on a track before starting a career mode, but in the first hour I just couldn't figure out how to do that. I needed to enter the career mode and try all the buttons in a race. How could I won a race without practicing with a car on a track in a sim? The graphic is great, and run smoothly on ultra without a lag. The handling is OK, it's not totally arcade, but not a pure sim if compared to Assetto Corsa. I would say it's like Forza maybe. I wanted to keep it but I felt it difficult to just pick a desired car to run on a desired track, and then after an hour I lost my patience so I refunded the game and went back to Assetto Corsa and Project CARS."
,Recommended,255220,20291742,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,lemme smash,I recommend this game but I'm very bad at it :P Very Nice Graphics!
,Recommended,255220,18197155,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,FallkerStashion csgofade.net,GOOD GAME !!)
76561198119852728,Recommended,255220,13298927,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Oreganic,Fantastic!
76561197993763693,Recommended,255220,13581872,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"A no-nonsense version of GRID 2 with a ""story"" structure more like the original GRID. Outstanding realism and levels of performance tweaks near that offered by the F1 franchise. A must have if you enjoy competitive racing titles."
,Recommended,255220,16788368,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Insulting,"If you're part of the racing gamers that can NEVER live with finishing second or worse, this game is going to be a seriously humbling experience once you realize getting first is a real achievement here.Also it's really good."
76561198130198632,Recommended,255220,17604789,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,-_Elijah_-,All I can say is that this game is super bad♥♥♥♥♥and that has the best music ever! This game requires skill driving skills and timing! I would recommend this game to anyone who loves cars and games that have skill!
,Recommended,255220,16890596,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,chiken got VACantion,yes
76561198126785542,Recommended,255220,16966633,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,thejake0510,it is a racing game that is made very well but all it needs to be complete is a rally track & car pack that is free
76561197971412057,Not Recommended,255220,16906771,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Cubatricid,"After playing Grid 2 and having mixed feelings, mostly because it felt like a repetetive taks, I was hoping Autosport would win me over. It did not. Like its predecessor it feels more like work than play.While I enjoy driving physics and the immersion which is according to my taste for an arcade racer, I don't get the carreer mode at all, which feels like it is designed to ""burn"" my time, e.g. in some classes you have to do races twice in succession. This reminds me of grinding, which kind of feels strange for a racing game. This is emphasized by the fact that your progress is only shown by XP bars and in return you get naught.Example:You can not choose your cars in career mode. You get left with choosing a class and then a team, which participates with certain fixed cars in the available events. So if you want to drive a certain brand, you are out of luck unless Codemasters decided to put them in the fixture."
,Not Recommended,255220,17143297,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SamDAL,"I'm not too big of a fan of this grid.The first one is definately the best!There is a certain feel to this game that just doesn't make it right. Save some money and buy the first one.This does offer a good range of supercars that were unseen in previous versions, but they aren't too fun to drive."
76561197967249640,Recommended,255220,16623688,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Toasted Victim,Good Fix for that circet Racing bug.Kinda has a Forza on a diet feel about it.Could have been way better with simply more cars tracks.Is proberly one of the best about at the time (getting a little stale now tho) for PC.
76561198053427569,Recommended,255220,16624132,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,babyraptor05,Have intel 3000 graphics.. plays decent and graphics are fairly good considered.  slight stuttering in the FPS that i cannot figure out but overall the ai are built well and it is a realistic game with a hint of aggression.
76561197969314294,Recommended,255220,13210368,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kraken,Fun console style racer.  Works well with Xbox 360 gamepad.  Changed my previous negative review due to me adjusting my expectations - for a fun blast this game delivers.  Runs well even on lower spec machines.
76561197966813801,Recommended,255220,13628250,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,St4rwind,I bought Assetto Corsa and Grid Autosport. I know that I am the type of gamer that wants to race in the middle of pack rather than have it be a complete sim. That is what some people want. However for people like me I am finding this game more enjoyable. I like the ui much more for GA as well.
,Recommended,255220,13631197,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,M8rn,Awesome game <<<<<<<<<<<<3
,Recommended,255220,13860655,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BSHADOWS4LIFE,"This is the best Grid Game in the series....Loving every second, wish more people would communicate with online races. But overall I love it.Even after getting Assetto Corsa and build 871 of PCars.This is the second best racing game out of the three with PCars being #1. Assetto Corsa needs more cars and tracks and a better career mode before it can compete.Grid Autosport is a true racing game. 10/10 it's complete, Seasons are great, and smooth multiplayer! Very high res graphics and incredible controls. With a wheel or controller ( I use Xbox One for windows controller)"
,Recommended,255220,13874947,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Chef,Well I don't see why a FWD vehicle needs a spoiler on the back.But the game's pretty good I guess.
,Recommended,255220,13876811,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,CR7_2011,"Enjoyable game... great graphics. Is somewhat repetitive... I think the best thing in this game is the fact that you can use a rewind option in case you completely screw up a corner. It doesn't have to ruin your entire race. You get a second chance. Unfortunately the computer cars as usual in these games are somewhat OP and always stick to your tail no matter how well you are doing.... Developers need to fix this in car games... there's a fine line, i understand. But it makes a huge difference to the overall game play. The mechanics etc of this game is great..."
76561198161398599,Recommended,255220,15938202,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,MR.MANT TEWLY,Very Very....
76561198088810996,Recommended,255220,15888446,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BigD,"I have some mixed emotions about this game. To start with the graphics in the game are amazing! The single player mode is also a huge hit in my opinion. Now that I've said that let me say this. The online multiplayer mode sucks bad. You only seem to be able to have multi player matches if you set your download region on steam to UK- London which is no where near the US. Also in between races the loading screen drops your FPS to almost non-existentwhich is not a huge deal. The game is fun but needs some optimization terribly bad. If you get the game now it's not a bad deal. Right now it's on sale for $19.99 5/18/15. But I'll have to leave it up to you if you like racing with your friends then you may want to consider another one of Codemasters games like F1 2015, but if you like just doing the solo thing then go for it."
,Recommended,255220,15890197,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kritigri,"I'm not a huge fan of racing games. I find that a lot of them are too slow or serious, or take the simulator aspect to the extreme. Others are overly arcadey and don't gain enough purchase on the track or on my attention span.GRID Autosport, however, feels perfect. It's not too serious or too arcadey; it feels like a perfect combination of the two. There's no huge pressure to finish in first place, so I'm more relaxed when playing (and typically perform better due to this fact). The flashback feature, whilst common amongst racers nowadays, is always welcome. Being given a car per race instead of owning individual cars adds to the more chilled out vibe.I love it!"
76561197991954383,Not Recommended,255220,15889301,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Wild,"LISTEN UP>>FOR USA player/purchaser of this gameMY REVIEW HERE IN THE USA AMERICAN GAME DOWNLOAD REGION ONLY .. BEWARE GAME IS SCAM FOR MULTIPLAYER!!   DONT BUY UNLESS YOU ONLY WANT TO DO SINGLE PLAYER OPTION..  MULTI DONT WORK.. DEV IDIOTSISNT ABOUT BEING HARD.. ITS JUST NOT PART OF THE GAME. A LOBBY WAS CREATED TO PLAY ONLINE.. YET HAS NO CONNECTION TO CONNECT WITH OTHER PLAYERS .. APPARENTLY THERES AN UNEXPLAINABLE INSTRUCTION NOT POSTED ANYWHERE WITHIN THIS GAME. SEEMS ITS HIDDEN AND ONLY A HANDFULL OF PPL HAVE THE LOCATION TO GO. MAYBE IT TAKES A PLAYER TO CREATE A HUB .. AND THEN INVITE PPL TO JOIN.. BUT OTHER THAN THAT.. THIS GAME HAS NOT MADE ITS OWN GAME JOINING PROGRAM OF ITS OWN .. LIKE MOST OTHER GAMES HAS ITS OWN PARING UP SYSTEM WHERE YOU DONT HAVE TO DO RESEARCH ON INTERNET TO LOCATE A WAY TO USE THE MULTIPLAYER OPTION.. WHICH DOESNT WORK ON ITS ON! SO THEREFORE, THE AVERAGE BUYER OF THIS GAME CANT EVER PLAY AGAINST RANDOM OR ANYONE.. DUE TO LACK OF INSTRUCTION.. OR CREATOR ERROR.ONLY SINGLE PLAYER WILL BE USED AND UNFORTUANATLY NO MULTIPLAYER WAS ADDED TO GAME! FALSE ADVERTISING!"
,Recommended,255220,15928350,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Joshua Kui,"Very technical racing game, more like a racing simulation in my humble, correct opinion. Those who're used to GTA or NFS pre-2005 are going to have a hard time adapting.Very good overall."
76561198144451502,Recommended,255220,15962308,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Annoying Naggers,"Honestly I am not the racing sim guy,I love sims though but just not good at drving a car at around 150 miles per hour,I'd rather drive a truck across a continent(ETS2).But I think this game really caught my eye.Grapchics are nice,and it is easy to run.Sounds are great,handling  and the physics are decent aswell.Overall,despite me losing a wheel in every race,I like the game.Solid 9/10 but i would probably give it a 10 if i wss good at it.Buy the game and feel for your self its amazing!"
,Recommended,255220,15583102,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TerenceOR,Bit of a grind at times but still enjoyable!
,Recommended,255220,15600962,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Defalt,Waaaaaaaay more challenging than grid 2
,Recommended,255220,15833783,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,TurboMike,"Good installment to the Grid series. To be honest, I miss the style of the first game. You made your own race team. This one so far is only racing on contract. Mind you, I'm only about 2 hours into the game as I write this."
,Recommended,255220,15814373,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,GadMiuM,good!
,Recommended,255220,15816962,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,sebkuh,"Been playing this game for almost a year now and still find it to be good fun mostly thanks to its diversity. It's as easy or as difficult as you like so it should be challenging for players of all skill levels. Career mode has enough to offer to keep you busy and online is nice as well if you're lucky enough to find a lobby where everybody is racing clean and fair. Sometimes it seems more like a destruction derby than actual racing. There are some connectivity issues sometimes, might be my connection but then I wonder why I mostly experience it in this game. Would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a subtile mix between realism and arcade."
76561198070624912,Not Recommended,255220,15702441,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,g.r9119,too hard to play
,Recommended,255220,15627927,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sideways Ragga,9/10 would have Murt's back again
76561198140000168,Not Recommended,255220,14691156,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Whitewidow81,I prefer toca That will buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Nevermore Games Codemasters
76561198039263346,Recommended,255220,15678825,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CHROME_BUDDHA,I originally got this game as a simulator to train on as it has the Mont Tremblant track on which I drove a Lamborgini on last summer with G1 Tour. It helped allot as the instructor even said he was impressed with how well I knew the track. After this I ran the race series and am really impressed with the game. Great race simulation fun.
,Not Recommended,255220,15919798,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Roy Jones Jr,"It's really difficult on the beginning.I can't enjoy it because of its difficulty.This is not a good game, it doesn't deserve this 20 dollars.Has a nice grafficks,but this doesn't matter.everytime when i sit to play, i closed the game nervous and angry! Doesnt deserve its 20 dollars :) This is my opinion :)"
,Not Recommended,255220,15625415,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jazap,"AI in this game is total Crap and makes this game more a frustration than a joy.  And if you have a G27 race wheel dont expect to use the clutch, it pops into neutral randomly, which makes it totally worthless."
,Not Recommended,255220,13930589,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Child of Carnage,"Meh. This is more realistic than Grid 2, but not as fun or involved. You don't own your own cars like in Shift 2 and the tuning and upgrades are very simplified. The online mode has some neat ideas, but there aren't many ppl playing and most are children. Codemasters needs to stick to rally games or step it up."
76561197961216103,Recommended,255220,13379400,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jobbo,"The best racing game I've played in about 10 years.So many racing games these days consistently exhibit 3 very annoying things:Pointless narrative/career management thing where some old racing veteran gives you pointers and you 'work your way up' and/or choose sponsors etc. (Toca Race driver 3/Dirt 3)Unecessarily flashy seizure inducing menus that look like they were created by the Top Gear editing department and/or some needlessly 3D menu that takes forever to navigate and the graphics options are hidden behind the noticeboard or something. (most NFS titles/Dirt 2)Not enough racing, usually caused by point 1 and 2.GRID Autosport has none of that. You play the part of a racing driver, not some rookie, and you're racing from the moment you start the game. The menus are white text on black background. Glorious.Also, unlike a lot of other racers, you don't actually have to win every race because advancement is based on gaining experience. Which is just as well because the races can be very close.You also gain more points by making the game more realistic, and it can be very realistic. To top off all the good points they also brought back support for head tracking.If you like racing games this is probably the best one you can get for the PC just now."
76561198007813436,Recommended,255220,13939922,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,JMC17,"This game makes me wish I had double miniguns attached to my car, for traffic control."
,Recommended,255220,13801903,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jasonmoisan,nice detail and smooth all around.
76561197971478978,Recommended,255220,14066333,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ASR@Feynman,"Great game let down with some silly issues. For racing online its one of the best available despite complaints about various problems with the penalty system , the restriction on garage spaces etc. If you can live with the faults then there is a lot of FUN to be had with this game."
,Recommended,255220,14087107,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,KustomElvis,"This game is a great combo between sim and arcade with not leaning on one side or the other. The AI is very pushy and you really have to push them out of the way since they are just being uber jerks! The good thing is that the ESPN nonsense from Grid 2 is gone and you can do singleplayer without all the garbage. Also the cusp of the game is in multiplayer, so come online and push your skills to the limit against the entire world! Get this game NAOW!!"
76561198033014289,Not Recommended,255220,14088934,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Apocalypsus93,The game looks promising and fun but you cannot play it on full sceen. no alt enter doesnt work. there seems to be a lot of issues related to this.
76561198031426045,Recommended,255220,14088023,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,wolle,"Hangs reliably during the first race.Edit: Figured out I had to disable smoke shadows in the options.The physics seem to be a bit more realistic than in the predecessors, though I'm not sure yet whether that's a good thing. The handbrake usually doesn't seem to do you any good. Further details coming up once I played it a bit longer."
,Not Recommended,255220,14089855,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fusc0,"This is not what it says on the tinI only played one event and already i can tell you this about the handling, every car wildly understeers then fixes this by going into a huge oversteer, it feels like the cars weight as much as a truck when turning, the roads are like ice when it comes to any sort of braking point/turn in point. The cars feel like jelly and if that doesnt get you the ai will, these b*stards ar mental some follow the racing line but some are out to kill you so really dont play with full damage on honeslty because after being in an endurance race only to be taken out by an ai who just ballsed up your steering colum caused me to rage quit. I actually had to double check that i wasn't racing online.If i could i would ask for a refund but the chances of getting it back are slim"
,Recommended,255220,14091747,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Discarding Skin,Awesome game! NOT a simulator but stands apart from other racing games. Would recommend this game to any racing fan!
,Recommended,255220,13548425,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,XmattbeeX,Likes:Wheel to wheel racing is great. Lots of close races if you put the AI on hard. Good graphics that won't require a beefy machine. 10 minute practice sessions allow you to learn/tune the car and track before doing qualifying and races.Dislikes:Tuner drift events. Very slow XP progression to get access to the Grid World Series events. I've put 45 hours in and I'm still probably 10 hours away from getting access to the final championship!My go to racer on steam for whenever I want a quick racing fix.
76561198043331655,Recommended,255220,13512713,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,xSparks XD,amazing
76561197993946470,Recommended,255220,13556091,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,parlance,"If you like racing games this one is well polished and has great physics / graphics. The adjustable difficulty settings are numerous and as such this game can be enjoyed by advanced and casual fans alike.Personally I was kinda hoping the game's career mode would have some kind of buy and upgrade cars thing in it but it's pretty simplified, you just select which type of event you want to compete in and do that repeatedly until you win I guess. There's no metagame aside from the arbitrary XP counter you get for completing anything."
76561198060473947,Not Recommended,255220,14204406,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Steven,the multipalyer always dead i feel i buy this game only for single player. ftw pay me back my DLC money.
,Not Recommended,255220,14272124,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Osprey,"The game itself was fun, however I persistently get a message ""data save failed, save failed, would you like to rety?"" which essentially means I cannot save the game EVER.I have spent the greater part of my morning searching through forums, blogs and videos to try and fix the issue and no luck.I'm glad I didn't pay full price for this game, as codemasters do not seem to have a process for correctly and significant issue."
76561198077578256,Not Recommended,255220,14249982,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Killahboo,I'm sure this is a great game but I can't get it to fun full screen on my Alienware 15 Nvidia 970m. I've tried all the fixes on the net and it still refuses to work :(
76561197989545828,Recommended,255220,14258629,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,*Tank Evil*,"Could have been amazing as it looks great, game engine is great, machanics are great the lvling up is awesome. AI is very very hard. Setting and upgrades to cars great...BUT,No online severs/players in australasia!9 times out of 10 you get nudged going into the first or second corner and end up loosing your hard worked grid place only to end the race getting last 3 every race.So many drivers just ram others to spin them out and to get infront. The game is very unfair and not a true measure of the drivers actual competencey as a good or bad racer.They came soooo close to making it amazing but left a huge mistake out. They penalise you to harshly for cutting corners and not enough if u ram others??? wtf seriously.If you can handle never getting the position you deserve and dont mind the occasional rage eg often. Then its not to bad ly made game 7 out of 10 , really really could have been a 10 wtf! were u thinking grid!"
,Recommended,255220,14045755,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tokio_Hot™,"What we (probably) want for upcoming GRID game if there's any :-What we want from the original GRID :1) 24 Hours of Le Mans2) Touge Race Mode3) Freestyle Drift4) Circuit De La Sarthe5) Le Mans6) Ravenwest Head-2-Head7) Team Creation8) AI Teammates9) Cars like the Saleen or the GT Koenisegg.10) Demolition Derby.From GRID 2 ;1) Sprint Mode.2) Peak Tuned Cars3) Tracks4) Fans5) More cars.From this awesome game :1) Tracks2) Fully access customization including the wheels.3) Graphics (Perhaps....)4) Race Discipline5) Hypercars and supercars and probably more CARS!!6) Drag.What we want that doesn't have in any of these games :1) Change personal information of your teammates.2) Perhaps, rally?3) Better rewards for tougher opponents4) No kids ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t5) More cars.6) More tracks."
,Recommended,255220,13947484,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Squenjamin,Pretty decent game. Very nice looking. Thus far I have only played with a controller and have had no problems. The only bad things I have to say are some races can feel repetitive and the cockpit view looks like♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,255220,13947665,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GMAK,Great racing game. Match the best out there. No super car selection like Forza but the hyper class do it all in even better!Can't miss that cyber-racer!
,Recommended,255220,14221334,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hey! Hey! WoLF,This game is awesome!!
,Recommended,255220,14027457,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Bobby's Southern Grits,"12 hours in this game, here's what I have to say:GRID Autosport brought quite a lot of elements from the first GRID (and also TOCA if older players recognize), although discipline classes sound a bit generalized.First of all, let's address the handling. GRID 1 has an arcade-like handlings with in-game tweaks to alter the characteristics. GRID 2's handling is perhaps the most infamous one; the TrueFeel handling feels too Chris Harris, being slidey as if the car does not have traction control. Autosport, meanwhile, has a sim-like handling and perhaps accurate to real life (but I would suggest full-fat sim racers such as Assetto Corsa for full sim), for example (assuming traction control is disabled in this game):* FWD cars understeers if you press the throttle deep in corners* RWD cars will spin out if you apply full throttle before you clear the corner* FR cars (engine in the front, rear wheels driven) has inferior handling stability than MR (mid engine, rear driven) cars* And other handling traits that makes the in-game cars handle just like in real lifeGraphics is great, set everything to ultra and you have one nice eye-candy. Car selection, while it is not diverse as the first GRID or TOCA, is quite good, and a cherry topper on the Autosport's graphics.Discipline and AI: while the other discipline is a bit straight-forward, I would touch on the Endurance discipline. This is where all your capability, thought, and car control count as one screw-up can lead to mounting problems. In addition, this is the most challenging and scariest discipline according to myself, as I struggle to maintain my position while two Ravenwests constantly buzzing on the back in the middle of the night. With TC and ABS off, it is indeed nerve-wracking and daring. AI meanwhile, can pose quite a challenge (especially the Ravenwest team) but the teammate might be useless.In-game music/sounds is great, I should give thumbs up to the menu music. It's so calm and makes you forget about racing pressures.Aside from the praises I can give, I have a mixed feeling on the cockpit view. If the cockpit view is meant to be blurred to create a focus on the track, I can give a thumbs up, but if it meant to hide low-res textures, it's not good.To sum up:+ Sound+ Realism+ Handling+ Track selection+ Graphics+ Car selection+ Challenging discipline and AI+ Sleek Menu interface- Cockpit View- Useless teammate- Inability to create your own team, and forced to drive for others, as I melodramatically refer as mercenary racer.Bottom line: GRID Autosport is a beautifully-produced simcade. Despite not being Codemaster's highest masterpiece, it clearly shows that Codemasters is still capable of producing quality racing games."
,Recommended,255220,15604791,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Our House,"This is an amazing game. Its not perfect but definately a fun game to play for people of all ages. If you are looking for a game that is meant to be extremely fast, then this game is not for you. It is more of a simulator than anything. But it IS FUN. If you want something more fast paced then I would suggest looking up Need for Speed:Hot Pursuit. I must say again I LOVE this game."
76561198014788622,Recommended,255220,15763676,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,[ACR]GLRMeatMissile,love it just have to change dowmload region to uk london i think it is in steam settings to get races always rooms open. :)
,Recommended,255220,15670819,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TS,Amazing game
76561198037631487,Recommended,255220,14793212,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Bilstar,"Great split-screen!I've played this game in single-player for a bit and it seems good enough. Shiny, fast, quite lavish with it's set dressing too. But I'm gonna extoll the virtues of the split-screen mode.It's really well featured compared to it's competition, which often don't even do a split-screen mode nowadays. This game however gives you an excellent 2 player split with an assortment of options. You get a total grid of 12 cars (including the players) which really helps to up the drama and you can choose to do individual races or group some together to make a championship type affair either through one formula (eg GT cars) or have a number of disciplines in the same championship. You get the option to race at night or day on most tracks and you can choose any of the courses featured in the singleplayer game. You even get a replay, again a rarity in split-screen racing games nowadays.I know not everyone uses the split-screen mode if anyone out there is looking for a good 2 player racing fix. You could do far worse."
,Recommended,255220,14912912,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,lagmeister,I really like this game and anyone should get it if they want a awesome feeling race game!
,Recommended,255220,15445894,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,DeVoe41,"It is very fun to play. I wish it had more to it, you can not customeize anything no real upgrades it just boils down to who can drive better. Which makes it more fun, everyone has the same specs on their cars so there are no real advantages. My years of autocrossing may finally pay off!!!!!"
76561198035245549,Recommended,255220,15459868,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Moldmaker,"Runs beautifully, great compromise handling (fine with a controller, AWESOME with a Fanatec setup) and quick load times.My main complaint: No ability to save online settings from one session to the next."
,Recommended,255220,14443744,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Turbo,"A racing game, essentially Forza Motorsport for PC. Very well done, accurate, and suprisingly addictive. This game will make you wish you were actually good at it. Yeah, this game is really hard, but with some practice (and adjustment of the difficulty settings) you too can become that famous racer guy whose name is known by everyone ever.82/100"
,Recommended,255220,14407828,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Shumi.In.Space,"Drives for Oakley Racing, wears Ray Bans.10/10"
,Recommended,255220,14433792,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,lepsogs,what a badass game
,Not Recommended,255220,14445836,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Kazairl,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It doesn't even save your controller settings never mind your personal preferences.Seriously avoid at ALL COSTS.  REALLY REALLY REALLY BAD controller support and options settings.  EVERY time you load it up you need to program in your control options, view options and game play settings.  And once they are set there is no guarantee they will be acknowledged.  The vehicle regularly forgets it has steering control, at-least to the right, while accelerate or brake is applied."
76561198089286997,Not Recommended,255220,14590862,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Drapetamaniac,"The core physics of this game are great, but it is not well executed.  WHY DO RACING GAMES INCLUDE REVERSE RACETRACKS?!?  Racing tracks are almost always designed to be used in one direction only.  Including reverse circuits does not double the number of tracks, it just ruins the game.  In career mode you are regularly forced to drive tracks which simply do not work because the runoff areas and the barriers are all back to front.  Track selection is generally pretty poor.  If you can qualify on pole, on the hardest difficulty setting, without using your brakes, there is something wrong.  The damage model is extremely superficial.  You can drive your single seater like a touring car, smashing your way through the pack and not suffer any serious damage.  Contact at any speed between a wing and a tyre should do serious damage to both, in this game it does neither.  There is a serious glitch that causes physics to break down when there are a lot of cars in close proximity.  This often makes the first lap of a race very difficult.  My PC is pretty high end, I have 6GB of graphics memory, but this problem persists even on very low graphics settings.This game is presented as a simulator for enthusiasts, it isn't.  The realism is more arcade than simulation and the gameplay is often infuriating, because of poor design rather than difficulty.  Clearly this project was not led by motorsport enthusiasts."
,Not Recommended,255220,14474683,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,|||NioXin|||,"Mostly feel like i was grinding to get to races I had fun on, some of the cars a just boring to drive. I do like the game  for what it is, but after 10 hours of play I started losing interest fast, and began to contenplate uninstalling.Having purchased the season pass, I felt the DLC added nothing to the game for me that I didnt already feel with vanilla game."
76561198034054968,Recommended,255220,14307968,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,chevy_boy_916,Basic n its tunning...! Needs more vehicle support and picks not just the ones everyone knows?
,Not Recommended,255220,15196723,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Killzone,assetto is bettr
,Not Recommended,255220,15241624,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Tetronomicon,"Having tried both Touring Cars and Open-wheel racers in different modes, all with a controller, I can't recommend this game to anyone. The handling is catastrophic, the AI veers between robotic and homicidal, and the in-car view is less of a view and more of a blurry mess.Deeply disappointed to have wasted good money on this crap, wold warn anybody who is curious to give it a wide berth. Going to go back to TOCA 2, not perfect, but at least that was vaguely enjoyable."
,Recommended,255220,15172977,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pescador-2010,great game
76561197969189799,Recommended,255220,15174346,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,hybrid461,Not a sim racer but has a nice variety of racing disciplines.The race weekends are well done.Handling of cars is pretty good. Generally what one would expect from a codemasters game.
,Recommended,255220,15177111,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,LIL CHXPO,much better than that pos game called grid 2  10/10
,Recommended,255220,16138071,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Yaikuza,Nice driving simulation game.
,Recommended,255220,16435214,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shiro|Ast.,"realistic, but less realistic than gran turismo."
,Recommended,255220,11176365,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Capivara - Bruno,"GRID Autosport is definitely a game for racing lovers. The campaing is good for a racing game and the multiplayer is a lot better than the GRID 1 and 2. The game has several disciplines, each one with several car categories, which is better than the car tier used in GRID 2 and there is a great number of cars. You can use loan cars if you don't have the money or garage slot for buying a car, but the best part is leveling the cars and enabling the car tunning. The only problem in multiplayer is the number of garage slots that are too few in the beggining of the game. An important thing about the game is that it is still an arcade racing game, just like it always were in the GRID franchise, but, just like GRID 1 (or even more), the game makes you fell like a real driver, a lot closer to a simulation, but without the complications of a car simulator. The game is not that fast as it was in GRID 2, but it's not that slow as Gran Turismo games, for me is fast enough."
,Not Recommended,255220,12944426,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ricebartloo,"Grid Autosport is a decent arcade racer, for the most part.... but the only reason it has any form of difficulty is because of the terrible AI. They constantly crash into you and god help you if youre in first, you better not break for that upcoming corner unless you want to be forced off the track by a speeding moron. Ps ive been playing racing sims/arcade racers since i was 3. granturiismo, toca, forza, burnout etc"
,Recommended,255220,12882935,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kwerpi,"Codemasters returns to form with this one.  Great simulation-like driving mechanics coupled with a more accessible singleplayer campaign that is key to making an enjoyable singleplayer experience. Part of that great experience is an element that was pioneered in the original GRID, the sponsor goals systems, which is now more streamlined but still gets the job done of providing you with rewards outside of finishing first in every race. I will be enjoying this one for years to come."
76561198022512769,Recommended,255220,12677167,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,McConolough,I enjoy the attention to detail in this game.  While not the most detailed racing game it has a good feel to it while racing around a track.  A game that stands on it's own for racing.  No frills all motor.
,Recommended,255220,12917478,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Roge,"Very good game. They driving physics are very arcadey which is a put off for some people, especially me. But in this game it is still done very well, although the driving physics arent at all like they would be in reality, it is a very fun game to play, some of the added extras like telling your teammate to push or hold position is a very good extra too. Well worth the money!"
76561197998691787,Recommended,255220,11754503,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,JonnyFun101,"Big sim racing fan, I take my sim racing seriously and I can honestly say this game keeps me coming back, the physics are good and the overall feel is quite lifelike with all the aids turned off. The racing is intense! I love it its a very good bridge there are some ""arcade"" like elements but not enough to detract from being a great racing experience."
,Recommended,255220,11755947,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,DaveThaDawg,awesome
,Recommended,255220,11907761,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dick Dastardly,"When this game works correctly it is massive fun, but the AI breaking lobby's and the stupid game restarts make it very frustrating and along with the game freezes mid race can make you want to hunt down and shoot the makers LOL, but like I say if you can see past these flaws and persist with it then it's great great fun."
,Recommended,255220,11911951,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mando,"best version of the series yet, if you loved grid 1 or 2 or both, youll LOVE this! at 50% off its a steal!"
76561198051297000,Recommended,255220,11902030,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,andrej.horansky,"Problem with the game is quite serious...1, Good graphics, textures2. Enough cars, groups, levels3. More well recognized tracks could add to the game substantially, e.g. Oschersleben, Paul Ricard, Nurburgring, Brno, Willow Springs, Laguna Seca, Suzuka (with tracks available, the variety is simply not sufficient.Now comming to the core issue....AI - provides good opponents, at least with very hard difficulty, however it is absolutely not consistent. Simply, this is arcade style  and even the producers claim this is supposed to be race simmulator (not driving simmulator) it is very far from race simmulator due to the problem with AI. Even if you keep very consistent lap times (and I mean quite fast ones), you will be catched from behind (inconsistently). For instance, you are keeping the distance against your opponent from behind for couple of laps, at some point he is going to outperform even the leading car for one lap (meaning, when both of you are keeping in the middle throughout the race).Physics - I simply do not know, rather unrealistic.....very unrealistic. Understeer is not going to be your major problem, you will rather be slippering on tarmac lubricated by high quality Yorkshire butter. Considering F1 2013 comming from the same developer, its highly incomparable.OVERALL>Good fun for lazy Sundays, provides enough fun, however if you are seeking something spectacular and realistic, you have to look somewhere else. I wonder why Codemasters just can not use realism at level of F1 2013 or iRacing, use Racing simmulation features from Grid Autosport and keep graphics at this level or NFS... I have tried many different games / simmulators and it seems that it is rather difficult to get it right. I mean F1 2013  is great, however I am rather Le Mans series or GT fan, I would definately welcome F1 2013  level game / simmulator with GT /Touring /Le Mans cars and circuits. iRacing Asseto Corza, Forza and everything else would become obsolete then...POST REVIEW>Being a bit harsh in the previous comments I decided to go through the game once again, just to comfort myself with my opinion about the game. I should not have done it. I spent several hours playing different tracks and cars with focus on racing aspects of the game. Trying different scenarios (going the same car, the very same track with the same settings), plugging in upgrades, w/o upgrades AI was playing tricks on me all the time. I tried two identical races (same car, etc, same position on the grid), first race getting to the podium and setting decent lap times at hard and very hard level, in the second race I managed to improve by another sec. during my fastest lap of the race and improving overall time by 7 seconds during 9 lap race, however there was no podium what so ever.  In certain corners I was evidently faster than AI, AI managed to gtet me either by pushing me out or outperforming me in the straight by two seconds in the final straight. At hard and very hard level, AI is very inconsistent (performance level) and AI is programmed just to make it difficult always, no matter how much you improve from race to race. It seems that AI is set up so that you can not win realisticly, unles you block the opponent AI in every corner, focusing very hard not to be pushed out of the track.  Talking about pushing out / crashing, if AI pushes you out, you are done, if you try to push AI out (unless you hit it from behind and accelerate faster than AI), you will be out again. No mather how hard you crash opponent AI, you can not destroy it, and, eventualy be penalized. This game reminds me TOCA RACE / DTM Driver but this game was released years ago. Based on developers presentation, this is a game and not  a simmulator, and it is supposed to focus on racing simmulation  or something. No way, this game is far from a good racing simmulator / racing game. It fails in driving simmulation aspects as well as racing game aspects. It seems that developers would love to please those who want to play at first, not taking into consideration that many customers expect good simmulation (driving and racing) and those looking for fun first can adapt to simmulator (e.g. F1 2013), however, it does not work in the opposite way.  No matter how hard you try at very hard level, even if you are doing very competitive times AI always adjusts, just to make it more difficult again.During qualifying I have noted that the game does not measure actual time and distance, at very hard level I was trying to follow the leader of qualification (after 80% of qualification session). I was keeping almost the same distance for over one lap, during that lap my SECTOR 1  lap time was 2nd (which is OK if you are not catching the leader, you stay behind),  SECTOR 2  was still OK  3rd / 4th, however, still keeping the same distance from the leader and pushing still very hard I managed to qualify 12th and the leader improved his no. 1 time. In the following lap I was still behind the leader and the situation repeated. This game does not even profide you decent driving against yourself, this is just for fun and no real driving is involved. Comapring this to DTM 3 Race driver  / TOCA DRIVER, Codemasters should just refurbish old TOCA and leave everyghing else, may be they did, however, TOCA / DTM was better in terms of driving.... it seems much better.Another issue is qualifying, I have tried to follow an opponent (AI) and I did not have problem to follow (at very hard), in several sectors I was being more than competitive. However, when I detached from the car trying to go for a qualifying lap, Sector 1 - 2nd or 3rd no problem, Sector 2 - 5th or 6 th, last sector I dropped more than several positions (AI does it). Usually, I am pretty consistent being able to run up to 10 laps within 0. 25 sec, however even with my best lap I could hardly do middle. This would be very Ok if my performance against AI in the race would be the same ( I mean worse than AI at the same rate as in qualifying). However, there is inconsistency and it is very serious. If this was supposed to be racing game, it is definately not the case.If you are looking for fun and you are not used to F1 2013, Asseto Corsa, Forza 4, Gran Tourismo, NFS shift 2, i Racing (even if not being copmparable and you do not have a good racing wheel (ordinary is pretty enough for Grid Autosport, buying Fanatec products or Thrustmaster T500 is waste of penny for this game), I can imagine that one can enjoy the game, however, if you love racing / driving do not go for it.... This game was developed just for business and considering the year of release it is far worse than original GRID (released 2007).  I am very dissappointed by Codemasters because F1 2013 and original GRID are really classics / top notch products.I am ready to invest more funds (even double), however make something really standing out, I am not prepared for compromise next time."
76561198056057417,Not Recommended,255220,11871660,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,[UKCD]-ReaperMan #13,"I bought the game and the online pass as I wanted a decent multiplayer experience and loved the game when I first played it but I like sooooooooo many others have had loads of ""you lost connection"" during a race then the save game becomes corrupt and getting my levels dropped to level 1. There also appears to be a lot of trscks but can only be raced by certain cars limiting the game, and as for getting a fair and decent race? HELLO Anybody playing the game online????????? no I will never buy a full priced game again especially racing game when there is so much free to play about to hit the scene"
76561198021419760,Recommended,255220,10916410,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,muppet,Unplayable at moment with steering wheel.  - see updateDead zone cannot be set by player. on logitech g25 that dead zone accounts for over 30 degrees of turn either side of centre. that means a dead spot of 60 degrees where no steering response is given at all.on other racing games that the most used response area.Reports on web of logitech G27 having same problems.Until basics like this addressed i cannot recommend anyone to buy if you own a steering wheel.update: logitech drivers need to be up to date for game to see wheel correctly.  but then the wheel does work well.
76561197995417364,Not Recommended,255220,13487482,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jonny-o,"The original GRID seemed to nail the balance between a simulation and an arcade experience. GRID: Autosport has a more sim-like feel, which may appeal to some but not to me. The cars feel big and like you have to lug them through turns, yet oddly there's a tipping point while braking where suddenly the car will basically do a 180 if you so much as tap the stick. The braking feels all over the place, probably because the game doesn't convey an intuitive sense of speed: 75 mph feels the same as 150 mph. Regardless, this is a game where proper braking is absolutely crucial, but the game does you no favors. The distance markers are too small, for example, and the announcer is useless. It all adds up to an unintuitive sense of control, and in racing games, if the control isn't there it's a good bet the overall gaming experience is in serious trouble.I've only played a couple drift events but so far it's a hot mess. This game seems to think spinning your tires = drifting. The sweet spot of control through a turn is almost non-existent. You never get that ""let it all hang out"" feeling through a turn because going open throttle on even a straight will send you out of control! What were they thinking? But worse, there is no sense of what makes a good drift or a bad drift. There's some vague connection to markers on the sides of the turns but I've done absolutely sh**ty drifts of just tire-spinning and fish-tailing and they seem to score as well if not better than a controlled slide (on the extremely rare occasion the game lets me perform one).Menus and skill progression, similar to Dirt 3, are terrible and totally uninspiring. I don't know why it's so hard for them. In the case of G:AS it's an extremely minimalist design that could easily have come from an 80s or 90s game, and gives you very little sense of progress, or why progress even matters. The tiers in the original GRID were not a standout but they did the job. Every game Codemasters has produced in the last few years has this sort of wannabe minimalist avant-garde look that also happens to be just passable at conveying information. It's better than Dirt 3's triangles, is about the best I can say.And Codemasters, it's just a videogame. You don't need to confirm every freakin' decision I make. Do I really want to exit Practice Mode? YES, FREAKING YES!! If I accidentally pick the wrong thing and lose my race, it's not like I just deleted my dissertation or formatted my hard drive. So enough with the stupid confirming. Please Please fire the menu team. They have no idea how to design menus that compliment the rest of the game and they're annoying as hell.Bottom line: all this adds up to a game that is just not terribly fun to play. It's not a horrible game but in both real cars and car racing games, the crucial make or break element is that intangible feeling of driving excitement. Racing is supposed to be edge of your seat type stuff, and this doesn't feel like it at all. It just feels mediocre. Glad I got this on sale but unless future Codemaster game reviews are overwhelmingly positive, this is likely my last purchase."
,Recommended,255220,13510758,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zelcat,"This is a great game! If you like racing games that put you skills to the test, this is for you.  There is a steep learning curve however.  I got the game today and the handling of the cars is nothing like in GRID 2.  Just a warning! The cars like to slide around the track a lot if you don't turn just the right way.  Anyway, definitely get this game."
76561198005947629,Recommended,255220,13526710,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kettu,"a big improve to gameplay, drifting is alot more fun, buut... in career mode, whos idea wa to put upgrades in cars if those are all installed as default? not many old cars in game... pretty much new plastic all the way from beginning in my opinion, if this had worse physics i would still play 1st grid... wich reminds me about free drifting around harbour etc... anyway."
76561198141558353,Recommended,255220,13809696,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,James,yo recommended
76561198120687335,Recommended,255220,13788121,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,C.J.,Great racing game.
,Not Recommended,255220,13670567,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jiinxs,"Let's start with the things that is good with this game:* Support for dual screen where the second screen will show the racing results and show you a live camera of your car. This is just an awesome future!* Good support for 5.1 surround* You can skip most of the dialog* No long intro before you are in the gameNow to everything that is wrong with this mess:* This have been said a million times, but having the copitview all blured is just ridiculous and lazy in every way. I thought it wouldnt matter but it does.* The graphic on the car is less the good. The game looks dated for a game that came out in 2014.* I think most people who buys this game knows that it isn't a driving sim and the handling of the car is arcadissh. But god damn, how am I suppost to set a fast laptime when the handling of the car feels like its driving on ice all the time. This is one of the main reason I'm very happy that I didn't buy this on release, but got it for almost next to nothing during the 2014 christmas sale.* This might be wrong, but if you start a season and drive the first track, you have to skip the rest if you want to just quit the game or have to leave for no reason. There really should be a button(option) to exit to main menu. Rather spend the time it takes to skip skip skip to the main screen and do the entire season all over again  since you most likely have DNF the rest of the races.* I didn't play that much but from what I saw the map are the same, atleaste some of them are the same as they where in Grid 2.I have a G27 racingwheel but I haven't connected it since Im almost sure it will suck as much as it did in Grid 2.Ive heard that the new game The Crew is also a bit arcadish, but I hope it's better then this."
,Recommended,255220,13700241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GroovyMotion,"Great game, nice balance of sim and arcade. The AI is a little bit harsh, they seem to be bolted to the track. I noticed that cars tend to oversteer quite easily. Graphics are great, smooth gameplay on my TV!This is definitely not a Forza replacement but so far I think it's the best alternative until Project Cars comes out...will edit my review once it's out.Nice selection of cars, although, I would like to see more and also less Street tracks."
,Recommended,255220,13700338,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,worthy7777,Really great game!
76561198168449690,Recommended,255220,13702258,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,laurentgrenier1957,"Yet again, Codemasters has achieved a masterpiece, even though the pickiest among us will find one or two reasons to gripe. For example, the cockpit view lacks detail, but I can understand why it was done that way, as the entire game is entirely focused on the pure act of racing, with the most relevant content being the road in front of you, versus the dashboard. The minimalist interface speaks volumes in that respect. Quite frankly, I love it unreservedly, to such an extent that I no longer play GRID race driver or GRID 2, which it replaces and improves upon. The graphics are superb, and I'm particularly thrilled about the fact that the tracks I liked most in GRID race driver are there, but look considerably better. To sum up, this game is a thing of beauty with great variety to spice up the experience, and I would gladly buy it again."
76561198021349866,Recommended,255220,13704792,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,xombie,"Love this game, the balance between the arcade racing feel and the beautiful graphics is just as I would have expected from the GRID series!"
,Recommended,255220,13678140,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zenith,"After almost 40 hours and over 300 races in the solo campaign on this game on hard difficulty with my gamepad, I have to say: this game is probably one of the best in the genre that I have played of recent on the PC. I thoroughly enjoyed both Grid 1 and 2, but I put 20+ hours more time into Autosport than I did the first 2, and for good reason too.This game has great diversity in both cars and tracks. On top of this, it also has 5 disciplines: Touring, Endurance, Open Wheel, Tuner and Street. So whether you're into drifting around a track to score the most amount of points, or endure a 12 minute race without burning your tired out, or just want a straight up race, this game offers a lot for fans of the racing genre. Plus, there is a free DLC available for the game that allows you to play a demolition derby mode, much like the previous game in the series.As you race in these various disciplines, you will earn XP and will gain levels based on a) how many races you participate in, and b) how well you do in those races. Once you have reached level 3 in ALL disciplines, you will unlock the first Grid Series Championship event (level 6 = the next and level 9 the last). This will take upwards of 30 hours to achieve, which is why I put so much time into this game. And I enjoyed the ride (no pun intended) :)So, if you enjoyed the previous games or have played other racing games such a the DiRT series or even popular racers on console (e.g. Forza), then I'm sure you will like this game, and hence I definitely recommend it! The car physics are a bit of a cross between arcade and simulation too, so if you weren't a fan of Grid 2 and adored the first in the series, you should try this one out. Plus, in the solo campaign, there's no purchasing of new cars nonsense. You simply pick a team and get given cars to drive in (which, personally, I preferred!).Enjoy! :D"
76561198026949794,Not Recommended,255220,13678486,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GoOse,"I purchased Grid 2 some time ago and barely got to play it. There was a bug that made it unplayable. I don't recall exactly what it was but when I googled it I found that the developers were aware of it but there were no plans to fix it. I was quite disappointed.A few days ago I bought Grid Autosport and much to my dismay I have encountered a bug that makes the game unplayable. Another wasted purchase.I am very annoyed and disappointed, especially after enjoying the original Grid. I will not fall into the trap of buying another game from this line."
,Recommended,255220,13689950,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bloodharpy,"Great selection of modes from Drag Racing to Destruction Derby to Normal Racing, this game certainly is in my opinion the best 'finished' racing game (COUGH Next racing game is actually not good COUGH). A lot of cars to pick from.Do not buy this game if you are planning to play on a keyboard. Without a joystick or racing wheel the finer controls are completely gone and you are at a big disadvantage to other racers."
,Recommended,255220,13693937,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BoyRacer,"This is an amazing racing game worth getting. The graphics are crisp and it is very realistic. The only problem i have found is that when you set up your own custom controls, they aren't saved so you have to set them each time you load the game, other than that. Perfect."
76561197977673003,Recommended,255220,13698630,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fartdoctor,AWESOME GAME. Gran Tourismo and Forza have nothing on this gem!
,Recommended,255220,13659077,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,David,"it is a really fun game, even for a person that doesnt really play racing games. play it a lot with friends"
76561198042720876,Not Recommended,255220,13773494,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kaneszc,"Graphic, physics and handling is great of this game. BUT the gameplay is such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You almost never can drive your own car in multiplayer, not to mention the broken single player. There are 5 disciplines and each discipline has like 8 sub-divisions. Each of those 40 or some divisions has usually 3 cars avaliable to choose from to race in that division. To put it simple, you cannot drive a Mustang against a Nissan 370z since there are not in the same division even though they have very similar specs! What's more ridiculous is cars like Mini, Alfa Romeo 8c has its own class! That means you can only drive your own 8c when you join a 8c-only event. And guess what? You only has 10 car slots to start with. Chances are you buy a car and never have the chance to drive it! I mean, this is such a poor design. I dunno what's gotten into Codies' minds but it's truely regretful to see brilliant contents get absolutely destroyed by the stupid idea of ""Autosport"" divisions."
76561197969525006,Not Recommended,255220,13151897,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,dazton,"Not recommended at full price, and probably not even discounted.The game is extremely arcade, even compared with Grid 2 , that I loved and was already very arcade.The AI is the same unfair and cheating of the whole Grid series.AI-driven cars will hit and push you constantly, to let you spin or ♥♥♥♥ your trajectory, it would be fun if you could have a fair match.But no,  your car runs on soap and is feather light, while the AI cars run on rails and are stone heavy, completely unreal.The AI developer team of Grid must be full of complete beginners, or maybe have the vision of car racing confused with mixed martial arts. Amateurs.The penalty system is ridiculous as well,  and I am being polite here.it will penalise you cutting off your gas for seconds even if you put HALF wheel over the white lines, even when you don't cut corners...ON STRAIGHT ! !So, let's pretend you dominated a long, battled and exhausting race, you are on the final straight of the last lap, you have won, other cars 3 seconds behind you, you are celebrating and you put half wheel over the track limit: GAS CUT, stuck in the middle of the track, lose...Now, stop pretending, this is just what happened to me.Graphics with the HD pack are top notch instead, smooth and detailed.Fun and entertaining  if you DON'T want a driving game (lol),  completely wrong if you  are looking for a challenging and fair racing experience.Save your money for something more decent."
,Recommended,255220,13174560,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,STIG770PERU,"Great game, excelent graphics, extremely recomended.Gran juego, excelentes graficos, extremadamente recomendable"
76561198116480145,Recommended,255220,13178622,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tony Mokbel™,great game... graphics are beautiful.
,Recommended,255220,13179128,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,...Speedy...,awesome with g27 steering wheel
,Recommended,255220,13246409,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,mattouse,"It's a great game.A bit different from Grid 2 which was basically drifting all corners. It was just too easy, like too casual. I liked Grid 2 but then I got this game, which is miles better (pun intended).The game seems much more matured and actually has five categories for racing, which is great to have different racing styles instead of just normal ""Street"" racing: Touring, Endurance, Open Car (Similar to F1 or Indy Cars), Tuning, and Street. This organization is great.At first, this game appeared to be not fun at all. More like a simulator, a boring one. But I now have the hang of it and had to get used to actually braking on the corners instead of drifting all of them. You have to be strategic with the corners, not oversteering or understeering. That's what makes it fun. Plus, the list of features added goes on. Small things like the racing line, and many other difficulty settings added, an assortment of cars, quite a bit of tracks, TONS of cars. Yes some of the tracks were recycled from Grid 2, but they were good tracks anyway, and also improved.Overall, I've been hooked on this game lately. It is just a fun game to play, which I would rate a 9/10"
76561198016591197,Recommended,255220,13133770,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,HCARB,great online racing
,Recommended,255220,13138237,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pacific Black Duck,"BEST RACING GAME EVARR!!!I really like this game. It is really fun, it has cool graphics. There are many other great things in it too."
,Not Recommended,255220,13139518,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,speculiar,"looking to 'autosport' I would say that there would be an AI which drive a little bit less like Demolition Derby where you have to crash into each and every object to overtake anyone. Imo, one of the poorest done AI."
,Recommended,255220,13220078,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ЯШМАЛЬЗОЛОТО!,Graphics is gooood...
76561198070857347,Recommended,255220,13147706,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EAzY-E,"I'm a BIG fan of Grid 2 and I saw the trailer for this game once and I was just curious about what did they do to top Grid2. MIND BLOWN just incredible improvements, style, features, physics.I hoped straight into the game with my Grid 2 driving couldnt have made a bigger mistake. The realism throw me off completely and had to make major adjustments."
,Recommended,255220,14118621,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Smo,"A Dk2 Review,I bought this game on sale to use the experimental oculus rift mode (Dk2). I works great! with some tinkering I have it so it plays very smooth with lots of cars, no eye strain and objects in the distance are quite clear. I am more of a racing simulator kind of player, this game is more like project gotham  but I am always open to a new experience on the rift and this one is great.The cons are the car interiors are not that detailed, they are funtional but not detailed (no working gauges not much small 3d details). The menus are a pain because they are not designed for the rift and you have to go between looking at your monitor and rift.Aside form the minor cons this was a great buy for the Dk2 at €9.99 and I really look forward to the Oculus advancments with this game."
,Not Recommended,255220,14119363,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Robert,"The game launches all through the menu, but then exits every time I click one player career. tried everything possible & still nothing. pretty disappointed. :/"
76561197969386038,Recommended,255220,14122077,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,<SMM>Cubic_Zirconia,Super intense.  Fun as hell.
76561197970163400,Recommended,255220,14122104,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Scubaguy,Another decent installment from the GRID series!!
76561198035465452,Not Recommended,255220,10861170,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Veracity,"GRID Autosport is a good game, and I do recommend giving it a shot, most especially if you liked the original GRID and wished it would be remade to current standards both graphically and in aspects of gameplay. It is a vast improvement in that regard.HOWEVER...Anyone who enjoyed GRID 2 may find this game far less appealing in your initial experience. If you play the series from the beginning (GRID, GRID 2, GRID Autosport), it will actually feel like the game has physically backpedaled in many aspects. Much of what was seemingly fixed going from GRID to GRID 2 has reappeared or at least half-resurfaced in some instances.Categories for race types and the cars that can take part in them are once again scattered, leaving you with less choices per race, and your one prized car that you really like driving is thus ineligible for all but the events it's explicitly allowed in.The overall handling of the vehicles is slower, heavier, sacrificing that arcade-y agility that GRID 2 vehicles had in favor of what's SUPPOSED to be a more simulation feel, but really just feels like an overall nerf to handling to reduce lap times. I found myself competing more with my own car than with my opponents.That being said, Grid Autosport is still worth the purchase, as it has many elements from both games - tracks, vehicles, aond so on - and will pluck familiar chords for anyone who has played either one.The visuals are delightful (if a bit indifferent compared to GRID 2 - slightly polished, at best), the AI is less stupid than previous games (GRID especially), and they did bring back the team elements for certain events. More importantly, they also introduced a lot of the original GRID's strengths into the online campaign, so the multiplayer no longer feels haphazardly tacked on.It is by no means a perfect game, and I will confess here and now that I think GRID 2 is better than Autosport, but that's more my preference than anything, and I will still actively be playing both.Autosport can be summarized as a GRID 1 remake to GRID 2's standards. If that's what you're looking for, look no further. If not, wait for it to go on sale, or see if a friend will let you play - or even just watch them.Editing to switch my recommendation to no, because I'm still frustrated at how GRID 2 brought so much joy in its skillset, how my cars could handle like a pro figure skater and just feel like a total dream to drive, where Autosport... didn't change much, but they took away the ice skates without really changing the rink or skaters' performance.Everything handles exactly how it feels like it should until the moment you try any maneuvers from GRID 2, where you just lose all sense of momentum shift and glide into a wall as if your tires hadn't turned even slightly, let alone got set sideways with varying levels of throttle saying ""Go -that- way!""And, yes, that frustrates me enough to regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,255220,15186436,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,jtj11251994,Very restricted in the options available.
,Not Recommended,255220,15299397,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cobavnij_V4,I was expecting a much better game. It feels extremely arcady and it can be repetitive. The graphics are great though
76561198162948513,Recommended,255220,15301696,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,jherron0526,I love the game. the Graffics are insane. And it isnt that costly for what it is. I would deffinetly reccomend this game.
76561198061235284,Not Recommended,255220,15228658,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Merinis,"The cars are universalky unstable as ♥♥♥♥. There are turns that i can take in my own car at 80 that the super cars in this game can't at 50. The formula 1 cars are practically undrivable. I expected realism from the game, but really its just a punishingly difficult arcade game. If thats your thing, go for it."
,Recommended,255220,15232854,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ＺＴＯＲＭ,"Full throttle!A game that offers a mix of both arcade and simulation, for someone that has been a fan of the previous games in the francise will probably recognise the physics and gameplay mechanics somehow. Even though the game isn't on the same path like the previous GRID games it's still fresh and very fun."
,Recommended,255220,16356114,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Highwayman,Fun with friends! <3
76561198035302854,Recommended,255220,16353439,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,biomess,"Great game, the drag pack kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,255220,16198892,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Senya,The best game to actually learn about physics
76561197971009340,Recommended,255220,16131194,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,stringue,"Excellent game, great fun with split screen and two wheels, physics seem just fine on par with Toca series, car handling noticeably different between vehicles,great track graphics and details that enhance sense of speed greatly compared to other games with light track details, car details excellent excluding interiors, great selection of vehicles, well optimized high framerates on 4770 + nvidia 760 make for great immersion, graphics are great and runs with very high framerates, great wheel force feedback and support.Looking forward to the next release, hope it also includes split screen support [with differential speaker output for each player please!"
,Recommended,255220,16327382,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dart Frog,Get this if you like your multi disciplined motor racing and less arcade style drifting physics. Get GRID 2 if drifting and street racing is your bag. Oh and if you like tyre smoke you probably want Grid 2 as well! If you like coming first in races and then being put in last position on the next race then also consider buying GRID Autosport!
76561198042333306,Recommended,255220,16125083,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,markarot,Great game love it. Its not as tech. as F1 20** but still a lot of fun. Keyboard freindly.
76561198070426503,Recommended,255220,15203162,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,JDS177,"In all honesty, I don't think grid 2 was bad so saying does this rectify the wrongs of grid 2 is a hard question to answer. The menus are slicker the cockpit view maks a return, new tracks, new cars and teams where you can boss your teamate around. Flashbacks stay and there is a racing line feature - which is cool. Like grid 2, the cars are hard to control but once you get the hang of it you'll have plenty of fun. The problem is that you have to download better graphics and my account got corrupted. 7.5/10"
76561198034464095,Not Recommended,255220,14844521,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,{F[K]C} Primal,Managed to play 2 hours before game broke and no longer starts regardless of how many times to check game integrity and reinstall. Thanks for selling me a broken game!
,Recommended,255220,14846857,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Detective Wobblez,"CodeMasters really knows how to make racing games, like the Dirt games, or the Grid series. OUTSTANDING, you improve everytime, getting closer and closer to real life! Five Stars!"
,Recommended,255220,14804459,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MemeMage,10/10 best racing game i've played. but as of writing this review i suck at it. Would not drive if cars used keyboards.
,Recommended,255220,16749103,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Raksoiv,"Is a hard game. In the first time is hard to fit the cars and the controls, but with some time and a steering wheel you can dominate the cars and get good positions. The most gratifying about this game, are the different types of competitions where you can participate, thats give you a great experience. If you bought this game, please give about 4 o 6 hrs to fit the controls and not get angry, after that time you love them."
,Recommended,255220,16727105,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Totally Professional [Trading],Amazing game very realistic with great graphics and awesomeI recommend playing on a wheel but a keyboard works as well.
76561198004938678,Not Recommended,255220,14826293,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kim Jong-un,I don't know why the game restrict the choose of car in the event. I mean why the player can't choose their favourite car to the competition of the single player. And the car choosing is very bad.  I think this is the rubbish compare to the other racing game and even the previous GRID2. Don't buy it if you want to choose you car.
,Recommended,255220,14868062,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Uncle Vladimir,"Very Good,But, when i press break, i can't turn"
,Recommended,255220,14928119,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Thrustin' Timberlake,"I've logged about 16 hours into GRID Autosport at this point, I want to say that I like it better than I do. The fundamental problem I encounter is that in the back of my mind I keep thinking about Forza III for X360,  which was kind of the high-water mark of racing games as far as I'm concerned. Grid is not without it's charm. The graphics are gorgeous. The course designers have been faithful to the areas you can race in. The races, even against the easiest of easy AI are tough. This has turned out to be both incredibly infuriating and rewarding.There are a few things I find grating. The multiplayer is nearly impossible to connect to. The races available aren't well matched and you have to change your download server within Steam to the United Kingdom in order to find anyone to race against.  The whole, car per contract per season setup is kind of irritating as well. I realize they probably wanted maintain some aspect of hardcore racing sim, but part of the appeal of Forza III was the ability to pretty much put any car on the track you choose.  All in all, if you have no current console, I would recommend the game if you are jonesing for a race, but not if you want to compete against real people on the internet."
,Recommended,255220,15008934,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,`EleMenTal,"very nice game, easy to run but that interior camera it's horible, can't belive it's a game made in 2014 :|"
,Recommended,255220,15081597,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mr. G,"What a game!!!, I have little time playing the game but I already love it, the controls are quite good, the graphics are beautiful and the sounds of engines and crashes are pretty neat, definetly a must have specially if you like racing games."
,Recommended,255220,15099097,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Tox,Good
76561198033046217,Recommended,255220,15101506,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
,Recommended,255220,15030314,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bilko367,I love racing games
,Recommended,255220,14927562,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Joker King,"This game is highly recommended as far as i am concerned for racing enthusiasts. I wanted to at least clock in 30 hours of gameplay before i wrote this review. So far the game is not lacking in thrills and spills of high octane racing. Even the smaller slower cars are fun to race around streets. Also they have a party mode that features demolition derby. Over taking your opponents at high speeds stands for outrageous thrills.ProsOutstanding GraphicsReal racing physicsGreat for beginners to expertsSupports two screens (Displays real time lap times and video while racing on second screen)ConsFrame rates can drop badly on even a mid ranged machine (this could be an isolated thing on my end, idk)Cockpit view is fuzzy (Easily over looked)You know i try to be fair and find as many cons as i do pros for each game i review but i honestly can not think of any other cons as of right now. I will update this review if i do in the future. That being said, Grid Autosport delivers!"
76561198023898522,Recommended,255220,13710295,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MJ,"Graphics are awesome. Never a bad game when its got ""GRID"" at the beginning"
,Recommended,255220,14242564,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Smizzlopi,"I don't often play racing games but this one is definitely worth the time and money. The last time I played a racing game was probably back when Need for Speed Underground was released! So yeah, I'm kind of new when it comes to modern racing simulators.As for Grid: Autosport, the graphics are great and the gameplay is tough. The cars do look fantastic, as does the scenery but it's when you get in the drivers seat that you really notice how great the game looks. I haven't experienced any glitches or problems during races and I'm using a wired Xbox controller to play as, for me, a controller is easier than a keyboard in a racing simulator. The different types of races, including Endurance, Street and Drift keep the game from feeling repetitive and I don't think it's something that can be completed quickly. If you want to do the whole hog and come first in all the races, it's going to take some time.Hope this helps!"
76561198026102499,Not Recommended,255220,12985248,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Sane,"GRID 2 was way better. This is good looking game but driving response is crap like ugly console game menu, also too much DLC:s like many other are mentioned.Not worth of ""sale"" 19,99 €"
,Recommended,255220,13746680,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[SAE]Skobel,"Having played Toca 2: Touring cars, what I loved about that game was, well, the touring cars.GRID Autosport delivers just that. Awesome graphics and my favourite classic touring cars, as well new ones.The only thing missing is DTM racing but, hopefully that will be added.Been playing it with a wheel and pedals and it just feels gorgeous.Cars crash all around, nice driving mechanics, but it still feels somewhat lacking in content and unpolished. Recent game so time will tell."
,Recommended,255220,13749699,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Breadstick,"Great game, not exactly a racing simulator, like iracing, it does the the job very well. lots of different types of races and features."
,Recommended,255220,13600522,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rauedu.arango,What a such a great game. Good arcade.
76561197990271265,Recommended,255220,13600619,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FaeTalan,"This game truly offers that insanely fun, as realistic as it needs to be single-player racing experience (haven´t played it online) for which Codemasters has gained its renown.I love the older TOCAs and the original GRID, but thought GRID 2 was very very meh, as most of us would agree. GRID Autosport is a great comeback, capturing that feeling of having you put all your racing skills to use (the same ones I apply on iRacing for example) while being not as punishing as real life racing itself.Definitely worth full price for sim/semi-sim racing fans. At 50% and above discount prices I´d consider it a must for anyone interested in racing games at all."
76561198030068920,Not Recommended,255220,13600804,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,corrado.conti,"I cannot recommend this game. The best thing I can say about it is that it is better than Grid2. Much better, but that's not saying much. Is it better than grid 1? In some ways it is and other ways it's not.You can drive in actual races on actual tracks and there are some interesting tracks and cars, but the way they drive without any aids is not realistic at all. It doesn't feel like you are controlling the car, it feels like someone else is driving it or at least taking the car over when you get in trouble.Graphics are OK, I have not tried MP as I am not interested in driving against other real players with this game. As a SP game, assuming you have nothing better and no wheel it's probably a good buy on sale. But with my thrustmaster T500 wheelit feels like nothing is correct. The entire experience is a little off.I know there should be a mod that makes driving better. I'll have to find it because the game has promise to spend some time with, but the weird physics are annoying and I was never able to finish a race. I simply got bored halfway.Grid 1 was not stellar either, but to me it was at least engaging. In fact, I have pages and pages of complaints on Grid1, but after considering when it was released and how both audiences and technology has advanced, releasing a slightly better game than Grid 1 seems a bit silly."
76561198086048667,Not Recommended,255220,13601597,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mānsuētō,"holy cow, this game is garbage!  When trying to tweak the settings for my skill...nothing fits my skill, its either boring easy or too hard, maybe if it had adjustable assistance it would be easier, but im having a really hard time with it.  Not only that, I got this so I could play online, but nobodys on!  5/10 at least it looks good"
76561198094619720,Recommended,255220,13603441,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mattl122001,"Brake feel and response is lacking.  The Drift♥♥♥♥♥♥I find irritating especially in a race game that leans more towards a simulation.A good game so far but if you are coming to this from Forza, there will be an adjustment period."
,Recommended,255220,13604464,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Exuberant F00L,"It may not be the most realistic driving game out there, but holy hell is it fun."
,Recommended,255220,13584667,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Smoke n' Mirrors,"Looks like Codies hurried to win back fans they lost from GRID 2.  This is the game GRID 2 should have been, however it does not feel like it should have been a full priced release.Pros:The handling is an improvement over GRID 2 and much closer to GRID 1.  Drifting will slow you down in this game, not speed you up like it did in GRID 2. GRID Autosport has a great car and track selection.  The online level cap has been increased on this game and will take a considerable amount of time to reach giving you something to strive for.  Online race clubs have been added and a very similar damage system to GRID 1 implemented.  Car tuning such as ride height, brake bias, suspension etc and vehicle upgrades are also available. A generic rear view mirror has also been added.Cons:The point to point tracks are gone.  Seems as though online suffers the same issues as GRID 2. The online community is even smaller, some players still have a tendency to use your car as their brakes for the corner without penalty, and similar corner cut issues from GRID 2 still exist. Players will not be able to join games where the host has DLC the joining player does not regardless of whether or not the DLC is being used. The cockpit view looks terrible and the cockpit view mirrors are not functional.7/10"
76561198078439488,Recommended,255220,13325502,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Bullstar,Yes I do all means it's to cool :)
76561198094741470,Recommended,255220,13326992,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,xiTzdeadline,good game expect the ai driver annoy me ALOT
76561197972044764,Not Recommended,255220,10862300,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KyleAssassin,"Huge improvement over Grid 2, which felt like NFS.Back to the old format of Grid 1, with the added advantage of practise and qualifying, that is great news, while I loved Grid 1, not being able to test, and qualify was a huge setback.Busy downloading the HD pack, so this should make a BIG difference with the textures on cars and tracks.Was it worth the $49.99, I think so, but maybe it still goes on sale during the sale, if so, buy it.Overall rating, I'll give it a 8.5\10 so far.Review update:The game is brilliant, but unfortunately because of the rubber banding in the game I now won't recommend this game until they fix it. I've read on a couple of Codemaster forums where the developer is asked if the AI will cheat in the game and the answer has always been no. Well that's a lie! The AI do cheat."
,Recommended,255220,11024185,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,s_shadow,Much better than previous
,Recommended,255220,13213191,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,oubaasusa,"With gobsmackingly gorgeous graphics, a large variety of cars and tracks, and good scalability, this is a must have title.  Although it does lean toward the arcade end of the scale, you can improve things by tweaking the settings.  And it looks so good, you won't mind a little arcade edge.  The game is a lot of fun and mesmerizing to look at.  Highly recommended."
76561198067968109,Recommended,255220,13234753,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,▀▄ Ã L È Ç Ž ▄▀,Honestly better than forza motorsport and grand turismo
,Recommended,255220,13235287,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,IVofRussia,"GRID Autosport does a lot to correct many of the issues I had with GRID 2. The cringe-inducing, over-the-top presentation has been toned way down. The narrator and your crew chief speak in a calm, non-irritating voice, and they generally only tell you relevant information. For example, when an accident occurs during a race, your crew chief no longer feels the need to inform you. Instead, you might hear the stadium announcer take note of it over the loudspeaker. It's a small touch, but it goes a long way towards adding realism to the game and alleviating a lot of the annoying dialog that plagued the first two games in the series. The game also doesn't have fake SportsCenter clips or any other such nonsense. The focus here is on the driving.On the track, GRID Autosport can be challenging, exciting, and frustrating, just as any good racing game should be. I found the handling model to be a good balance of fun and realism. It requires far more thought, caution, and finesse than GRID 2 did, but it's not nearly as punishing as a true simulation. On harder difficulties, the AI offers up stiff competition, and they race each other in a believable fashion. 16-car races offer that perfect balance of chaos and control, and they can be an absolute blast. In contrast, time attack and endurance events offer you plenty of opportunities to dip into that zen state in which you can focus on hitting every apex and shaving off tenths of seconds here and there. GRID Autosport's mix of different racing types do a lot to prevent boredom. When I was getting a little tired of one style of racing, there was always another that I could easily switch to.Visually, this game is gorgeous. With the high-resolution texture pack installed, car models, buildings, and other in-world objects look fantastic. While earlier Codemasters games often used ugly filters that would wash out colors, GRID Autosport's environments are bursting with color, and the lighting model makes everything pop fantastically. The city stages are borrowed from GRID 2, but I don't blame them, as these are teeming with detail that make them a sight to behold. Famous buildings and landmarks, background details like descending passenger jets, and a nicely modeled crowd all go a long way towards adding to the immersion. For as much as a racing game can have an ""atmosphere"", GRID Autosport nails it.If you're looking for a game in which you can slowly amass a gigantic garage full of exotic sports cars, this game is not for you. This game is not Gran Turismo or Forza. Nor is it Assetto Corsa or iRacing. You don't buy cars, you don't upgrade or customize cars, you barely even tune them. This is a game solely about racing, as the title suggests. So long as you know what you're getting into, you won't be disappointed. I was pleasantly surprised by GRID Autosport at almost every turn, and it gets my recommendation for anyone looking for a solid sim-cade racer on PC."
,Recommended,255220,13235811,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,EZRY,Great Racing Simulator Game.Good for those who are enjoy racing at tracks and looking for racing simulation. I enjoy it very much.
,Recommended,255220,12881010,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Psycho,fun game but gets boring quickly because multiplayer is pretty dead. if you want a game for singleplayer this is it... online... not so much.
,Not Recommended,255220,19281554,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Horizon,"Broken physics, with a wheel it feels like the cars weigh 2 kg...This is to be used with a controller"
,Recommended,255220,19231501,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gemmy,Quite possibly one of the best Simcade PC racing game out there!
,Recommended,255220,19346466,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Grimm Reaper,Still waiting for Linux support! Come on guys.
,Recommended,255220,14167689,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zarani,"Excellent car racer sim; very challenging and not too complicated: car handling, controls response are ideal. Just what I needed. Thanks."
76561197970713129,Not Recommended,255220,14169848,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wax,"Codemasters should be ashamed to release a game which has issues with in game stuttering. I was lucky I only paid £7 whilst it was on sale, please look at the game bugs before shelling out. Attempted all work arounds but to no avail, R9 290x and stuttering on Ultra Low settings, all my other games run without issue."
,Recommended,255220,14093192,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Acaii,Love this game.Gorgeous graphics.Feels awesome to play.Soundtrack is the most beautiful thing in existance.9/10
76561198054497302,Recommended,255220,14134382,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,chadeburk,I am running a core 2 quad extreme with a GTX 560 TI card and 8 gigs of ddr2 ram @ 1100 I would think I could play the game with the APPCRASH within 5 minutes!  WTF!?  I am mad!
,Recommended,255220,14134757,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Legume,Best (legal) racing ever ! nice graphic even for low-mid computer spec.
76561198013889639,Recommended,255220,14135236,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Sandpup,It's not as engaging as the first GRID when in single player. Much more achievements required in first game to perfect your skillls for online . which I preffered. Seems I'm a bit of a dinasour :)
,Recommended,255220,14136925,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,bieberle4,"i like this game, but it has some missing elements that i was thing of other racing games while playing it. The worst offender in this game is custom race which every single racing game sould have, instead you have ""custom cup"". they were so focused about these ""disciplines"" that they did not know where to stop, all i wanted was a custom mode that let me drive a nissan GT-R on any track with or without AI, but no, instead you have to pick through this mess on choices and then press play just to see if the car you want is there, and the game tells you which tracks you can play on. time attack is no better, you only get to pick a discipline and a type of car you want and the game tells you want car you will drive, on what track, and the settings of the track. i just wish this game had more free elements to it than just they preset crap. the career mode is the only thing worth doing as the multiplayer is god awful. pick it up on sale and just enjoy a simcade racer until something better comes along"
76561198127043055,Recommended,255220,14137797,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,tony_sm,Really enjoying this!!! The cars are awesome to drive once you get on to it! The opponent cars go off the road as easily as you do. AI cars do not try and ram you off the road as suggested in some negative reviews and the damage seems quite accurate. Got this and the season pass on sale and I feel I got a serious deal!
,Recommended,255220,14136004,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,ThatFunnyGuy,"I haven't played a racing game in a long time and I decided to download this since it was on discount. I had zero expectations but 1: having fun. I played on Easy and set unlimited rewinds. That's literally all I needed. I used my xbox one remote controller on my Windows 8.1 machine and the game was smooth and beautiful. If you are just trying to have some fun playing a racing game and want the game to be flexible to your gaming level, then this is your game. The easy level was challenging enough to make this a fun experience (the AI wasn't dumb nor godly.)  After a good 2 or 3 hours of fun, I will say that I recommend this game if your goal is to just drive and enjoy the beautiful and realistic graphics in a competitive but not too frustrating environment.One last note: it worked very well with the Xbox One remote controller and I had no issue and I never even had to setup anything for the remote control. Keep in mind tho that this applies to Windows 8.1 on a less than 2 year old y510p."
,Not Recommended,255220,14141809,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,daj,"Game has a major audio stutter issue and the game becomes unplayable. I muted the game to fix this and it makes it worse, the game is more unplayable like this. I wouldn't even reccomend this as a gift item."
,Not Recommended,255220,14209679,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,tmz,Dead multiplayer and stupid AI drivers make the career unenjoyable.Also some poor details that look like they were left unfinished.
76561198142586883,Recommended,255220,14214641,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ashterovie,not an usual race game where you finish 1st every race.hard to control. but that's positive. there are very much cars to.really worth it.
,Recommended,255220,14219568,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"Great soundto hear the engine roar is so satisfying.Difficult AIbut sometimes they spin out, collide, It's awesome"
,Not Recommended,255220,14161100,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,kooper,Floaty physics. On rails AI. And I get the sense the AI uses dynamic difficulty adjustment too to keep you at a certain race position.
76561198092167103,Recommended,255220,14173660,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,lukehjsmith,If you like racers and driving... buy it...that simple!!!
76561198157523551,Recommended,255220,14191185,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,K10,"Graphics are super cool its feels like your are the 1 who driving it , Great racing game  for those who really like racing!"
,Recommended,255220,14194484,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"So gud. So realistik. Much WOW. WAAAAA. It's an awesome game, buy it :)"
76561198025719567,Not Recommended,255220,14145820,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,archer is cool,not good for pc. no mouse control-slow key responce. I have 2 x hd 7770 and fx 6200 set a 4.0 & 8 gb ram.
76561197993743075,Not Recommended,255220,21925355,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Aramis66,"Bought on special but a waste since it keeps crashing. This and Grid 2.I'm not the only one, here's a post on the CM forums with lots having the same problem...http://forums.codemasters.com/discussion/18547/grid-autosport-crash-after-10-15-minutes-in-game"
76561198056705744,Recommended,255220,21935872,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Enyalij,"If you'v never drivin a car in real life, i dont recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,255220,13970888,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,'- Polyglot,"This game is a **** The circuits are so ugly, single play is really boring, and in multiplay is worse. This game is really expensive, and so poor. The sensation to control the cars, is really **** If you wanna a nice car game, simulation, or arcade, buy another one, because this is a crap. Save your money, save yourself maintain your life so far away of this game"
,Not Recommended,255220,17175302,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ID-10T error,"This game is not a simulator, but not total arcade..its something in between...in other words...THIS GAME IS NOTHING!This game returns to the roots (grid1) and that was very well done, not falling on the mistakes of Grid 2( not a bad game, but not a good one)Multiplayer sucks ( cheaters everywere), but not all disciplines are very bad, just bad. Challenges are okSingle player is nice....oh wait...no it's not....AI will never get penalties, will never crash even if u push them...BUT YOU...a minor touch in your car and you go flying offtrack!!!!in conclusion...do yourself and your wallet a favour...don't buy this...Of course lots of almost useless dlc's.-10/20"
76561198021652387,Recommended,255220,22183512,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jady,good nice racing game!! good graphics! top product of codemasters!
,Recommended,255220,22662824,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,zurama,grat gamee
76561198083702012,Recommended,255220,22191051,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kris26,Finally made it.. i finish WOO!!
,Recommended,255220,14534810,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nooblade,"I've been a big fan of the first Grid, with the Xbox wheel and the correct settings it was close to a simulation like Forza at the time on Xbox 360.Grid 2 was a good game but didn't have the same feel as the first game.This one Grid Autosport seems to get back to what made the original a great game and seems to have enough content to make it worth investing time in it.A good racing game to pass the time."
,Recommended,255220,21986373,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,BMO,"So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, much better than Grid 2. Only problem is that the steering wheel sync is really fiddly with this game, and it is definitely better to get Project Cars/assetto Corsa if considering full price. On a sale, however, an absolute bargain."
,Not Recommended,255220,21978868,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mr. Burns,"Unreliable, crashed constantly and its not like my hardware is lackingAMD 8350GTX 980"
,Recommended,255220,21979751,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Truly,"Great graphics, good selection of cars and tracks"
,Recommended,255220,13683036,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JibbityJobbity,Once I played the first time I rammed into a wall.10/10
,Recommended,255220,26075390,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JewishMexicanSr,Awesome game the best racing game for pc it helps me train for my late model racing
76561198177839234,Recommended,255220,26984691,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcão,otimo!!!
,Recommended,255220,26933037,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hummy,"sim and arcade in one. I dont hate it, I dont love it .... you should give it a try"
,Recommended,255220,25895595,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,LiquidWater,Best demo derby AI ever written.
76561198085792193,Recommended,255220,26034472,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,numan4634,"I don't think there is any ba GRID game. All 3 of the GRID game are awesome. They are all well optimized and have nice handling and realistic and good looking :) Sure if you are a veteran and looinkg for managing a team or customization for cars, you may be dissappointed. But no one can say this game is amateur. Multiplayer is weird bacuse you have to earn and pay for cars and level up. But the game is awesome."
,Not Recommended,255220,26063669,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sompom,"Like many other reviewers, I am disappointed with this game compared to GRID 1. On having spent some time thinking about it, I think my complaint is it lacks detail compared to GRID 1. As my most important example, take the damage simulator. Having spent a few hours bouncing off the walls, I haven't found a good correlation between which part of the car takes damage and which direction the resulting steering damage pulls. More importantly, I remember many times in GRID 1 performing ""field repairs"" on my car -- bashing the other side of the steering so it counterbalanced the original damage. Where in this game, rolling the car has no greater concequence than removing the doors, in GRID 1 you would be lucky to limp to the finish. In GRID 1.To be fair, there are some upsides:- I had a lot of trouble in GRID 1 with strange stutters due to processor frequency scaling. I don't have that here.- This game is multi-platform. All my hours are on Linux, and it seems perfectly stable.- The models, including the streets, are very detailed, contrary to my complaints above."
,Not Recommended,255220,26079260,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Hoofed,"G29 and G920 owners be warned: GRID Autosport will not recognise your wheel, pedals or H-shifter. There are some supposed fixes for this problem but they fail to get the clutch and H-shifter working.If Codemasters get around to fixing this problem I will write a proper review."
,Recommended,255220,26081513,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Astra.SilentAssassin ♕ ThugLife,Great game! loved it like the way i loved grid 2! graphics are amazing! No doubt! it can get hard to learn for beginners or NFS players xD
76561197997036540,Recommended,255220,25858803,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Stormcookie797,"Dont care how long ago this game was coded but i have to say it ""this is the best racer ive played in years "" . im so addicted to playing it . Dynamics of driving is just so good wen playing this ."
76561198077685128,Recommended,255220,25870705,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Matthias-GTR,Great game for some fun in the meantime!
,Recommended,255220,25828994,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,[xXx]Oilhead,what an excellent race game
76561197970485969,Recommended,255220,27543372,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DangerousQ,"This game is excellent. If you manage to get the game and all DLC in a sale then quite frankly you have an obsene amount of game hours in front of you at a bargain basement price. The graphics are good, not 2016 cutting edge but still very good and it runs oh so smooth on modest hardware. Join a racenet team and take part in the weekly challenges as they are always excellent and reward you with ingame money to spend on cars and upgrades. Some will say the game is too hard, but once you understand that certain classes of racing employ psychotic AI drivers then you do get used to it. The actual racing is a really nice balance of arcade and sim, not too serious not too arcadey. Steam says ive logged over 300 hours, which is a lie as its more in the region of double that not bad for less than a tenner"
,Recommended,255220,18236138,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,NewMan1337,Да отличная игра и грофа!!!!!
76561198108627038,Recommended,255220,23970886,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,{EMT} Rugrat,There are a couple of problems with this game the audio cuts out for me alot and you get stuck on the loading screen it hard to find surtin stuff and the pros are its fun and enjoyable to play if anyone knows how to fix my problems please tell me  i rate it  5/10
,Recommended,255220,24171001,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Defsquad,This is the driving you need to play after you have sparked another owl superb game epic soundtrack
76561198245846494,Recommended,255220,23873005,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bahmed,I like they balance of the driving physics in this game. I do enjoy the different race types as well. Overall pretty fun.
76561198145008525,Recommended,255220,23847491,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,t.self84,"60 hours of gameplay and still going - it's good fun, with lots of different types of events to take part in. You can also choose to focus on a specific type (eg endurance racing) and ignore the rest. There's no career mode as such or a story mode - it's just a whole bunch of championships and racing to take part in!** negatives: The only real negative I have is the drag racing add-on. I play the rest of the game in hard mode... yet drag races, in VERY EASY mode, I still can't progress through qualifying... and my reaction times are under half a second with perfect gear changes... !!!Rest of the game is good fun :)"
,Recommended,255220,23830294,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PsycH0515,"Perhaps not the most hardcore racing sim. Enough depth to be challenging, with lots of variety. Multiplayer is solid and the various challenges on offer keep it from becoming dull."
,Recommended,255220,23415780,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,stacy's mom ϟ,"Slightly tough in the beginning, especially with regard to handling; but gradually it becomes really enjoyable."
76561198254702665,Recommended,255220,28100571,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,poodude12,This game is a mix between frustrating and relaxing. I love it because it a blend of DiRT 3; but with more pavement which i enjoy. 10/10
,Recommended,255220,22010316,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Spekodlak,"Now finally works again, couse i stops touche keyboard service in win 10."
76561198263720307,Recommended,255220,30240960,Posted: 28 February,all,Willy2K15,"Really cool game, perfect combination between race simulator and arcade, recomended to play with a controller."
76561198334155122,Recommended,255220,30327112,Posted: 4 March,all,michandrew1,ive logged my share of miles on this one. might be my all time favorite...looks as good as forza. very fun to play. the indy cars remind me of the F1 series. really covers all the base's...
,Recommended,255220,31444032,Posted: 29 April,all,flamey,"This is a fantastic racing game, with an almost perfect balance between fun and realism. On my mid-range system (Linux, i5-6400, GTX 750ti) it runs very well at 2560 x 1080 on very high graphical settings.While there are certainly a few minor negatives (most serious is the absence of pitstops, but also things like the inability to save replays, the limited range of speech effects, some graphical shortcuts and a couple of program crashes while navigating the menus), the positives easily outweigh them.There's a great range of racing modes, vehicles and locations, which are enhanced even further if you pick up the DLC packs. Open Wheel, Street and Touring are particularly impressive, while Drag racing (via DLC) and the Demolition Derby add even more variety.You can easily customize the difficulty based on your skill (AI quality, driver aids), and there's a good progression from easier to very challenging racing based on the vehicle class and tracks you race on or the competition you enter. There's a full range of interior and exterior views, great handling mechanics and, above all, an amazing sense of sheer speed as you take a sequence of corners surrounded by AI cars.A very nice career mode is the main focus, but you can always set up a quick race, customized to your liking or go online to race against fellow gamers.If you like racing games at all, get this one."
,Recommended,255220,31467649,Posted: 30 April,all,LEX1 | CS.MONEY,First Impression GRID Autosport [2 Hours Gameplay]+ Graphics+ Soundtrack+ User Interface+ Feels like real racer- Handling- Cockpit Details- Car Customization- Career ModeScore 8/10
,Not Recommended,255220,13958231,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dunstaren,1/5
76561198026956531,Recommended,255220,27576065,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chuckeru,"Drive, Drive some more and go fast. gives you all of."
,Recommended,255220,27277792,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Coach McPherson,It's a really fun game. The graphics are supprisingly light on my system but the details look great.
76561198121763142,Recommended,255220,27226390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DasherLink,A really awesome and challenging game
,Recommended,255220,27102300,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,themacticwham,"Graphics & audio effects are superb. The game modes are awesome, however the lack of pit stops retricts the gameplay and prevents you from any meaningful strategy during long races."
,Recommended,255220,29079974,Posted: 6 January,all,PrestonVSGaming,Anyone who loves any type of motorsport games would enjoy this game. Definitely recommended by yours truly! Graphics are great and it works good with a wheel or controller. I enjoy playing it! :)
,Recommended,255220,13126078,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Buem,"Solid racing simulator, proper graphics and fun multiplayer.Recommended."
,Recommended,255220,30206669,Posted: 26 February,all,Redtrailx,Nice
,Not Recommended,255220,23310512,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Meekay,"i wanted a racing game, this is barely one of them, the drifting sessions are super boring.........played for a little time and bored"
,Recommended,255220,31010209,Posted: 7 April,all,AL Fajr-i,"one of the best racing game, the real damage make your be good a driver"
,Recommended,255220,29405951,Posted: 21 January,all,Skeletor [NWF],"Just going to preface by saying i'm a casual race game kinda guy, i dont have a fancy wheel, just a controller.I don't usually write reviews but for GRID there is an exception. GRID actually gives me a rush of excitement that other games just miss the mark on. If I load up CSGO or Rainbow six I roll the dice on whether I have suspense filled game where my actions actually mean something; or I get a mess of a game where someone is hacking, flaming in chat or the game is just a stomp where mine or the other team wins 15-0. When i play GRID or Dirt rally (Another exceptional racing game) I feel tension and i feel actual anger when the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in front isn't giving me an inch of space to take advantage of, I also feel joy even when i get third place because the journey from 12th to 3rd was so good. Sometimes I feel like the AI arent very responsive to your actions like if you were to play chicken with them they would just plow right into you every time. Another bad side is if you alt-tab it will do this weird thing where you can't go back to full screen.In short if its on sale pick it up immediatley, if not pick it up anway, it's pretty good."
,Recommended,255220,29656573,Posted: 2 February,all,AREA,"its good, a lot of tracks and places to drive. but the the car number is not impressive. great driving experience."
76561198171017834,Recommended,255220,29916136,Posted: 13 February,all,FarawayDragon94,Great Racing Game for PC but not so much laptop unless controller is used.
,Recommended,255220,14438587,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Raphael✡,The game is excellent as expected with better graphics and new cars. really love the game.
,Recommended,255220,29220856,Posted: 13 January,all,Hand Solo,"#dataloadfailedThis is an outrage!I truly enjoy this game, the graphics are amazing and even though I prefer Kirk Thornton's voiceover from the original Race Driver: GRID, still is a remarkable experience...- Update -This review used to be a long rant about the Linux version screwing up the savegames over and over again. But that's not the case anymore! Thanks to the kind help from Feral Support, I was able to make it work. I'll share my findings in the end, but first - a review!GRID Autosport is a very interesting take on the whole idea of the series. In some way it is limiting, since you can't just collect cars and race them on all the tracks. Instead, you get to sign contracts with teams, and they provide you with racecars with their own liveries. This seemed to me as a not-so-good thing at first, but after 80 hours I realised that this lets me focus on driving, and that's a positive thing afterall. The graphics are just gorgeus, even on lower settings! So some GTX 1080 Ti and an i7 aren't a must at all. As the tracks repeat a bit often, it can feel like a grind time to time, but switching disciplines between seasons helps a lot. What I truly miss are the interiors of the vehicles, it's always part of the experience with driving games, looking at the lights, the dials and the materials while waiting for the race to start. Also, without any dials or at least a shift-number driving MT is a bit more challenging, but still doable. Overall a very-very good game and even if not a perfect, but a proper successor of the original. For Linux (SteamOS) users this game is an absolute must on the other hand! Nothing like it on the platform yet.Still reading? Great. Here's a tip: in Custom Cup you can drive all of the cars on all of the tracks featured in the game and can even change the time of the day. Since your Cup can consist of up to five races, replayability is nearly unlimited.And now for a solution of the savegame issue [under Linux]:The problem was that my savegame was originally created on Windows, and I made the mistake of switching back after playing the Linux version. This caused the savegames to fail under Linux, and when I created new profiles, they got corrupted too, because the game expected them to be from Windows and they didn't match up. So here's the fix, if you got unlucky like me:1. Disable Steam Cloud for the game2. Reinstall your OS (in my case it was SteamOS)3. Download your game and create a new profile - since there was no Windows-save, now your game will look for a Linux-based one.4. Re-enable Steam Cloud and choose ""Upload to the Steam Cloud""5. You're all done, drive like Rick Scott."
,Recommended,255220,33156277,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"The best GRID game. The cars feel weightier, and it's very refined. Good for if you like simcade and going fast."
76561197969134510,Recommended,255220,33527361,Posted: 13 July,all,Zach,"So i just played Asseto Corsica and Project Cars then Grid Autosport before writing this review. And I have to say as a ""casual"" racing fan Grid Autosport is just a bit more fun. The tracks are more exciting and look nicer> The car classes feel mor edifferent. It's easier to get into. And when I am losing a race I know why I am losing the race and know how to do better next time."
,Not Recommended,255220,34020095,Posted: 4 August,all,pelmeen12,"AI teammates are complete garbage, its not fun when they rack up 0 points in a whole season of endurance racing.That wouldnt be a problem, if 90% of the races werent team events"
76561198145997653,Recommended,255220,34362928,Posted: 19 August,all,sowacked,love the game  but been workig hard to get my club xp points  but none of these are loading   ive tryed alsorts of things   get message that not connected to racenet  but can still race online  just wish i could help my club  wont stop trying luv the game and compertition is good
76561198136719424,Recommended,255220,35113010,Posted: 21 September,all,DRAGOSLAV [stagik],A very good racing game.works perfectly with my thrustmaster t300.
76561198091849800,Recommended,255220,35255525,Posted: 27 September,all,MistrMime,"This is my second codemaster game, At first I didn't like it because it wasn't like dirt 3 (control-wise), but I have grown to love it. What I love about this game is you can tweak the settings to your liking. Arcade style or realistic sim, or mix of both. The thing I hate about this game Locked sound settings can't go under 50%.....really codemasters? why?! If I want to listen to my own audio outside the game, I can't without hearing the game. (problem can easliy be fixed if you add a master volume control slider)  If you liked Dirt 3, but don't like dirt.. then this game is for you."
,Recommended,255220,25356073,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,...,skr skri f*cking suck at this gameskr skr
