user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011233147,Not Recommended,255280,11691427,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,J3ST3R,"I'm sorry but this is a rather dull and meatless adventure game.I'm a seasoned point 'n' click fan and have played a LOT of them ever since I started gaming in the mid 80's. I actually like them so much that even what the general public considers sub par, I seem to enjoy. Also, Daedalic has been in the forefront of the genre for quite a few of the later years and I respect them immensely. It sadly all falls short when it comes to this title.The premise of the game, it's characters, setting and atmosphere all has potential, but the developer just lets you scratch the surface and never let you get involved and interested. Clearly wanting to provoke some thoughts in us players with including gay marriage, interracial relationships, racism and fatal choices. Even throwing in some adult language and beat slang to top it off. Sadly though, without the ability to get to know the characters and their background better and relatively chopped up writing it never gets interesting and sometimes just feels out of place and added for the wrong reasons. It all feels a bit uninspired and messy. It feels hard to get into the story and even harder to care about the characters. I personally felt so uninspired playing this game I almost didn't want to finish it.Voice overs are ok I guess, but mostly for the main characters, but here too it seems uninspired. Some other characters are just bad. I usually don't let bad voice acting ruin my experience though, so these are not game breaking.It's not just the story and characters that seems sloppy. The game mechanics, animations and even some modelling also fails to impress. There's a lot of black-outs through scenes making the whole experience chopped and slow. It also seems you only get to see part of the animations before going black-screen. I just got sick and tired of all those black-screens all the time. There's not a lot going on from scene to scene so I would imagine it didn't need that much loading, but alas. The left-click/right-click mechanics are ok but most of the time it is just totally pointless and I feel in most cases they could have left out the one. Also things can be hidden out of view, even the transition-arrow to go to another screen. Many times because of the pop-out inventory/menu on the left side of the screen. You transfer between the two main characters quite easily using the inventory menu. Shame that the game several times leaves you clueless to when you should change. I've seen this done much better in other games. A simple forced switch would be better in a game like this. The background artists seems to have done a good job at least.It's not all bad, and for true adventure fans it might be worth a playthrough. I would not recommend buying this game at full price though. Look for a big discount and be prepared for something that feels uninspiring. It should take about 5-7 hours to complete, so it is quite short.It is certainly one of the weakest titles coming from Daedalic, one of the greatest providers of quality adventure games, and hopefully we won't see something this weak again from them.I'll rate the game 4 out of 10. Below par.As always, you might have a totally different opinion about this game. So make sure not to decide on getting this game or not solely on this review.Happy gaming :o)"
,Recommended,255280,20585943,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Princess Nami,"A solid and decent point & click game in a noir settingPros:+Solid story+Noir type setting+Appealing art style+Well developed main characters+Has achievements and trading cards+Dialogue is well written and immersive+Narrative is greatly done and very cultivated+Fantastic and fitting soundtrack, largely jazz+Great voice acting, well done and delivered nicely+Everything compliments the game theme and periodCons:-High price tag-Animations are of poor quality-Loading times between scenes seems rather long-Puzzles are often simple, not offering much of a challenge-Out of sync, animations are sometimes out of sync with audio-A lot less focus on secondary characters, they easily get overshadowed by the main charactersDownload Size: 1888mbTrading Cards: 8 Cards in the setAchievement Difficulty: Easy to 100%, best to follow a guideHours to 100%: 5-7Rating: 8/10Recommendation: Worth Playing (highly advised to buy on sale however)My Opinion:It isn't challenging and offers a solid story, which is immersive and entertaining. The game seems more focused on story rather than puzzles and challenge. Interesting and enjoyable, I recommend giving it a go however i'd advise getting it on sale or part of The Daedalic Armageddon Bundle when thats on sale. I feel that £16.98 is a very high price tag for this game."
,Recommended,255280,9655978,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"This is the only game I have ever played that actually lets you experience an old school prison break.This point and click adventure is not particularly difficult, but it is very nicely done. Music is great, voice acting believable, art style is charming, and the story is engaging. The different endings and the few choices you can make throughout the game make it engaging as well. The noir style is very beautifully made. The game is charming, but at the same time has certain violent and ""grown-up"" aspects.The puzzles are pretty self-explanatory and realistic, so it probably doesn't serve a challenge, especially for those who have played this kind of games before. I was stuck once, but it was rather a game-play mechanic I didn't properly realize.Strongly suggested for people who are into prisons and noir style."
,Not Recommended,255280,17314357,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Faudraline,"1954 Alcatraz: the time is right, the tune is low and guns are smoking. The world is old, yet the life is young. The Beat Generation redefines America with rejection literature, sexual liberation and psychedelic drugs. In this Daedalic adventure game, you take the role of partners in crime, a husband and a wife, to either bring the fugitives to a happy union, or break some more hearts and heads in their run.The scene opens up to the story of Joe and Christine. Joe participates in a heist and is sent to the Rock, the legendary Alcatraz prison. The money is said to be burned during the car crash, but the mafia have their suspicions. Christine is left with a broken heart and tons of questions in her mind. Joe decides to escape from Alcatraz to meet with his wife, and leave country while Christine tries her best to avoid mafia's advances, discover some truth to events and aid her husband in the coastal districts of San Francisco. They cheat, lie, steal, blackmail and kill to their freedom, with one dream in their visions: a new life in Mexico.First thing is first: the theme of the game is well thought and interesting. I've never stumbled upon an adventure game that takes place during the Beat Generation. The concept, and the tale of Christine and Joe bears so much potential. The gameplay consists of switches between Joe and Christine. You choose which one's perspective to play at any given time. Whence one of them are stuck due to conditions that they cannot control, you switch to the other to make things progress. Item combinations seem to always make sense according to the narration and the storyline. The backgrounds are nice. The music is catchy and fits the mood at any given time.The downside is that the game feels rushed. I had some issues about the graphics for example: they are cartoonish and characters do move a bit chalky on the animation department, but that's not the actual bother. The bothersome part is the loading time between scenes. It takes forever to save/load or make a passage to any new area. You kinda lose your interest while constantly waiting for a character to either leave or enter the scene. That needs polishing to say the least. Main Menu and the Save/Load screen glitches terribly and takes time to either save or load. Animations and the voice acting lose their synch quite often - and I'm not even talking about the timing of subtitles. The inexcusable part is its ending - or endings, depending on your choices - which feels disappointingly anti-climactic. There is not even an appropriate cutscene to reward us!When you decide to add the pros and cons of the game, it ends up becoming a 'yeah sure, why not'. If this game would come from a no-name developer, I'd recommend it.  But this is not the performance that I'd expect from Daedalic. If you are into adventure games, go for a drive. You will like it anyway. But the potential of the game, and what the game actually ended up being is two different things.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,255280,31352917,Posted: 25 April,all,phillymma,"If you love achievements like me i would avoid this game due to many problems people are having getting the achievements to unlock. I too am having problems getting any achievements besides the first one to unlock, which is a real bummer.  At this time the game is on sale for 1.99 which is 90 percent off the normal price. I'd say despite the issues this game is a steal at that price. If you can get past the broken achievements then i would highly recommend this game at the sale price. If it were full price i don't think i could recommend the game as there are other games for 19.99 which are far superior in the same genre. The game has solid voice acting and a decent story but the game doesn't have very good gameplay considering the adult material in the game made me think it would be for a more mature audience, the puzzles are easy enough for a child to solve.I don't know how long the game will take to finish as i have not finished it myself, but i think it's safe to say you can at least get a night or two of enjoyment from this game if you like point and click games that are heavily story driven as this game is just that.  Personally i would give this game a 6 out of 10, maybe even a 7 or so if the achievements weren't messed up.I am giving this game a thumbs up for the current sale price of 1.99 or 90 percent off only, if it weren't on sale i would not recommend till there is another sale, just to clarify if there is any confusion."
,Not Recommended,255280,21396799,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"For a game about two lovers plotting a prison break while evading the mob,1954 Alcatrazfeels oddly devoid of passion or excitement. Adventure game addicts with money to burn might get an unremarkable fix from it, since it's reasonably polished and provides 6-8 hours' worth of competent point-and-click inventory puzzles. Those looking for anything more -- a spark of life, perhaps -- should give it a pass.The setup:  Christine and Joe were newlywed lovebirds in beatnik-era San Francisco, until a robbery gone bad landed Joe on The Rock. While Joe hatches a plan to escape the island, Christine tries to find her husband's hidden loot before the local gangsters get their hands on it. The player can switch perspective between Joe and Christine basically at will, though given how the story and puzzles are constructed, it's pretty obvious which one you're supposed to be controlling at a given time. There's also not much you can do as one character until you've completed the immediate tasks confronting the other.While1954 Alcatrazsupplies the ingredients for a suspenseful lovers-on-the-run caper, the final product lacks much narrative tension or momentum. Most of the game is taken up with Joe and Christine fetching objects across their respective maps, with no sense of time passing or danger building. There are no surprises in the story, and the supposed threat from the mob always feels very distant. The prison break, when it finally comes, is ludicrously simple, lacking in any sense of danger, and over before you know it. The lack of urgency in the story may be partly due to the absence of a fail-state (it's impossible to die in this game), but is mainly due to the slackness of the plot construction.Another major problem with the narrative is that Joe and Christine's relationship is never adequately developed, despite forming what's supposed to be the emotional core of the story. The game informs us that they're in love, but we're never given much sense as towhythey feel so strongly about each other, let alone why they'd risk everything to be together again. I mean, it's not difficult to see why Joe is attracted to Christine: she's cool, literate, a fashionable social butterfly; her sequences have a certain life that the rest of the game lacks. Joe, on the other hand, is wooden, a blank slate, and just kind of... there. It's hard to picture him as either a beatnik or a bank robber, much less holding up his end of a conversation with the vivacious Christine. I realize that opposites sometimes attract, but in the few scenes where we see Joe and Christine together (I counted only two), their dialogue is purely functional and lacks any sort of spark that would have motivated me to see them reunited. The game ends (minor spoiler) with Christine deciding whether to stick with Joe or take off on her own. This should feel like a momentous decision, but given how little time the game spends developing their relationship, her sudden dilemma seems to come out of nowhere, and either decision she might make feels equally arbitrary.As for the actual gameplay, the puzzles are straightforward and mostly simple, though there are a couple of harder ones along the way. I got stuck a few times, mainly because I wasn't clear on my immediate objective. Pressing the space bar lights up all of the hot spots on-screen, so pixel-hunting isn't a problem. The graphics are reasonably pretty, though some people don't like the 3-D modelling effects. (Personally I didn't mind them, but I wasn't terribly impressed with them either). The voice acting ranges from blandly competent to very good, and the jazz score is terrific. Side characters are amusing but under-utilized, and the '50s-era San Francisco bohemian setting is enjoyable to explore. Though the game's tone is generally light, there are some references to drugs and sex that, while never explicit, might deter parents from letting younger children play the game.While I'm not recommending1954 Alcatrazto anyone but die-hard adventure game collectors, I do respect the developer's attempt to make a narrative-driven game with an unconventional story and setting. If the developer can someday marry their appetite for risk-taking and decent grasp of puzzle design with a better focus on narrative buildup and character development, they might produce something really worthwhile.1954 Alcatraz,unfortunately, is not that game."
76561197978223053,Recommended,255280,31172940,Posted: 16 April,all,[Weed] AARF:.,"Fun game so far, half way through it, I think.  Interesting story, nice plot, and good fun.  I like the ""gangster years"" with thier zoot suits, cigarette smoking, and do anything for a dame styles.  And this game was very colorful!  Recommend to anyone that likes Indi, point and click games."
,Recommended,255280,17389687,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Lin,"A mature point & click for those who enjoy a good story and some brilliant dialogues. The original setting is deeply interwoven into the narrative and well researched, and it really makes for some fascinating time travelling. The writing is superb all around, with well-developed main characters with shades of grey, and a compelling plot that investigates a few adult themes in a mostly superficial but still enjoyable way. There is also an interesting attempt at non-linearity: you can switch between characters mostly at will, there are a few points that offer different choices and a couple of different endings. All together they provide a sense of freedom in a genre has been mostly stilted and narrow in its storytelling so far. Admittedly that sense of freedom and non-linearity proves to be mostly smoke and mirrors, but I found it an immersion enhancing illusion and it improved my experience rather than letting me down.The jazz soundtrack is absolutely brilliant and I am genuinely sad not to see it offered with the game or even as dlc. I also thoroughly enjoyed the voice acting, especially when it comes to the two main protagonists. As for the graphics, most of the backdrops are gorgeously detailed and colorful and I seem to disagree with many of the strongly worded criticisms of the 3D animated characters. Yes, better animated games exist, but this one was fine, and it even has some nice moments of attention to detail. Either way, it didn't break the immersion for me.This isn't a puzzle oriented point & click, but what there was I found relatively simple and logical and not interfering with the flow of the story. There were very few moments when I was actually stuck, but even then there wasn't a great amount of trial and error that was necessary, just a bit of concentration or retracing my steps. However if you're looking for a challenge, you won't find it here.All things considered, I'm slightly surprised to find this game received such bad reviews from professional critics (mostly due to its graphics and puzzles). So if you have second thoughts, do a bit of reading, see what the world outside of Steam has to say. As far as I'm concerned I enjoyed myself thoroughly. Between the setting, the well written narrative, the fantastic dialogues, the voice acting, the pretty backdrops, and ""all that jazz"", I personally highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,255280,15967892,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mew,"Story line is really superb, given a great combination of emotions and entertainment. This game have different endings, as well as different pathways towards it. Give it a go, one of the best point and click games in my opinion."
,Recommended,255280,17581683,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 74%1954 Alcatraz combines simple, straightforward, but not too easy adventure game mechanics with a well-flowing story about love, trust, and a heist that may or may not be the only ticket for a poor couple to a happier life.Long version:1954 Alcatraz is one of the lesser known point ‘n’ click adventure games released by Daedelic Entertainment. As far as their point ‘n’ clicks go, this is probably their most straightforward and featureless one. This doesn’t mean the game is bad, quite the opposite.The main theme is it is trust. Foremost between the two protagonists, a black man trying to escape prison and his con artist white wife helping him from the outside, while also trying to pay the mob who want to collect the husband’s “debts”. Their stories run in parallel to each other, avoiding the trap of slicing the game into chapters, which helps to keep yourself invested a little bit more.Almost all relationships in the storyline are put to a test, but none as much as this marriage… to the point where the game even offers multiple endings based on what you uncover about past events and how you choose to handle the trust issues that sprung from them.It is a mystery why is this set in 1950s San Francisco, as the plot would have worked with any high-security prison. Apart from a few references to the beat movement, the whole era is largely neglected, including the quite important bit that nobody in the whole game is bothered by the fact that you play as an interracial couple in the time when this was outlawed in most parts of the US.Progression is fluent, thanks to the absence of typical harebrained adventure game logic or tedious, repetitive puzzles. Gameplay is as basic as it can get: you gather items and use them on each other or on certain hot spots. Don’t expect anything fancy, just old-school adventure gaming with an easy-to-use interface."
,Recommended,255280,16514136,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wany1981,1954 Alcatraz just by it's name you can tell it's a prison break game. You play as husband Joe from inside of prison and Wife Christine from out side of prison.The story is fairly short but decent. It's a basic find object use object to solve situation game. My first play though was around 5 hours and i missed 5 achievements. With a guide while reading a book at same time i was able to conplete my second play though to get 100% with only 132 minutes of game play.The overall graphics is ok for indie but it is a still feels a bit outdated. Walking animation is choppy at times. There is one graphic bug that seen and took a screenshoot. There is also another bug that if you alt+tab out all you clue magnify glass and exit signs will show up on your screen forever without you ever need to press space for it.The puzzle are really simple but it does take some time to find all the items needed.Music is actually really engaging and is a big plus for this game.All the conversation in this game is completely voiced and it's pretty well done.Achievements are really easy to get but without a guide it's quite simple to miss a few.6.5/10
76561198048495716,Recommended,255280,9495570,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,adam_beals,"This is on of my favorite games this year.  The setting is 1950s San Francisco.  You play from two perspectives:  Joe - A prisoner at Alcatraz, and Christie - his wife.  They both run afoul of bad guys and meet some interesting charactors (one was a real person).  The graphics are cartoony and really nicely done.  Sounds, and voice acting ditto.  While the locals are limited, they are beautifuly done and fun to explore.If you like games set in others times, funny, or adventure games in general : Get this one!"
76561198121676772,Recommended,255280,33062362,Posted: 30 June,all,PACFAN,"1954 Alcatraz was a fun experience for me first and foremost because I'm a diehard PAC fan, but secondly because I've toured Alcatraz and San Francisco multiple times and am familiar with its history. I really enjoyed how the game captured the sights and sounds of the setting and its mosaic cultures with both authenticity and a creative twist.As a narrative, I found the story both clear and interesting playing two antiheroes, together completing their side of the puzzle to achieve the end, while allowing the user to choose different paths and times to act. The dialogue is well-done and uses beat phrases to lend to its authenticity.The art was lovely. Again, part of this comes from recongizing scenes of the city and the island and enjoying how the artists captured it well, but part of it was appreciating the way they enhanced the looks with play of light and colour. The character designs had nice variety, although I found some of the men's head shapes to be a bit strange, as if they were missing the top of their skulls. The music lent itself well to the mood and, again, sounded authentic and fitting for the time and place.Gameplay was generally good. The puzzles were clear and logical but took some thinking, which made for a good amount of challenge without becoming frustrating. Where I found the gameplay frustrating was on two accounts:1) The game froze/locked up on me on several occasions and I had to restart. I found a certain action (Joe looking at the doctor) to freeze the game repeatedly, but the other actions that led to the freeze seemed to be random/unpredictable.2) The game allows nonlinear puzzle solving, but on multiple occasions I seemed to come to a deadlock where I needed one of the characters to do something for the other, but the option to switch characters was no longer present. It would have been good to have the character warn the player that he/she needed to do x before y or otherwise not deactivate that character's accessibility.3) The above issues combined with the fact that the game does not autosave like many PAC games do these days meant I had to replay a lot of the game, as it took a while to realize I just needed to save often.In all, I was happy with the game, but found the gameplay issues reminiscent of the kinds of errors the old PAC games had that newer ones (including all of the other Daedalic games I've played) have already solved and worked into the design."
,Not Recommended,255280,24727287,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Miss Stormkast,"Uninspiring, unpolished game that decided to break near the end.1954 Alcatraz is a point-and-click adventure with great art style, for the most part good voice actors, and some nice music. Unfortunately, it fails to hook you as its story and characters have potential, but you only get to scratch the surface. You'd want to get to know these people and their backgrounds better to be able to get involved and interested in their stories. Even after a few hours, I still haven't got a good reason as to why I should care for the main characters. One or two humorous dialogue options and some random bad guys out to get them doesn't really make me motivated.The main reason that I cannot recommend this game, though, is a game breaking oversight too many hours in.Near the end, there is a part where you have to switch between the characters to make one of them bring some items for the other one. However, if you trigger an event that makes the story proceed BEFORE you've brought every item needed, you'll get stuck with the other character, unable to switch to the item bringing one since the game considers their part to be done. In other words: You won't get the items needed, you can't switch character and you can't finish the game. There is absolutely no indication that this will happen and you do not get a game over. All you can do is aimlessly wander around with your active character and do nothing at all.Since the game doesn't tell you that you screwed up and obviously expects you to have done everything in the correct order before proceeding (which you possibly cannot know before you've made the mistake), I assume that this isn't on purpose but a bug that seemingly has been ignored by the developers; Take a look at the discussions page and you'll find more players running into the same problem a year before I did.Even without this bug, or whatever it should be classified as, 1954 Alcatraz is definitely not worth 19,98€. The story and character writing is too uninspired and messy, the animations are a bit clunky and there are a couple too many black and/or loading screens, often interrupting the end of the scenes. If you're a huge adventure/point-and-click fan, then you might wanna give it a chance, but look for a huge discount first."
,Not Recommended,255280,27464653,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Faxter,"I tried to play this game for about 4 times and have now fully given up on it.Running this on Win7 and Win10 was glitchy for me every time. Sometimes being locked in dialog-menus and clicks sometimes not registering.Also achievements not unlocking at all for me...Even with these glitches setting me back on several occasions, I played past the intro bit and into the story. I find it boring, even with the element of choices and their effects this game failed to pull me in at all.Barely playable, dull story. Can not recommend."
76561198054387068,Not Recommended,255280,31649805,Posted: 9 May,all,LordScar,"Unfortunately I cannot recommend this adventure game. It has good graphics and puzzles, but there are a lot of technical issues:- Achievements are not working. I've managed to get 2... But it was just luck;- Loading is taking a lot of time even on SSD. It's a 2D game with 3D characters and it's taking a while to go from one room to another. As far as it's an adventure and most of the time you just jumping from one location to another it's starting to annoy very soon;- You cannot skip most of the dialogs. When you left click the subtitles will disappear, but the character keeps talking. It's slowing down the walkthrough to hear dialogs for second time or more (for example to see different options);- Most of the puzzles are very easy, it's unlikely that you'll stuck somewhere more than for 5 minutes;- Bugs... tons of them... seriously, the first bug I've faced in the very first room. Mouse got broken and I was not able to get out of the cell. So I've started new game...The game is 3 years old, so it's unlikely it will get any further support. It's a pity. The game itself is very promising."
,Recommended,255280,16746416,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DedotadedWam,"“1945 Alcatraz breathes new life into a setting I’d wish to see more often.""TL;DR:If you’re into P&C-Adventures, you shouldn’t miss out on this one!Note: This review doesn’t contain any spoiler.Graphic 6/10Before you say anything: Yes 6 out 10 seems quite harsh for a Game out of a Genre that lives from it's appearance and as much as it hurts me to do this but I simply can’t give it a higher score than this. The environment really looks good! Really realistic and with lots of details! But the characters.. oh the characters.. Look at some of them walking! .. Some are so horrendously bad animated that it’s just funny. But what really bothers me are those facial animations.. The mouth often happened to just open and close while talking which seems.. well.. Odd. If it weren’t for those hilariously bad animated figures, I’d give 8 if not 9 out of 10. It perfectly suits the style.Sound 8/10Nothing much to say here. As you’d expect, Alcatraz does a very good job here. Right at the start of the game you’re welcomed with a damn beautiful piece of classical music. It really gives you the feeling of that time period. In fact: Most of those tracks you’ll get to listen to, are quite good! My personal favorite is the one you’ll hear throughout the entire time you’re on your map. Love it. The voice over is for the most time good. I came across some weird voices, but maybe they were meant to be like that. You’ll know what I mean.Story: 7/10And even here my heart aches a little. I’d love to give it more, but in all honesty it’s a cliché filled one. If it weren’t for the interesting setting, I’d strike off another one. Besides that, it’s well told and you get to see how a good prison break is done. There aren’t much twists, but a lot of great characters to meet and a lot of choices to do. What saddens me the most is, that even though there are multiple endings, it only changes one cutscene.Gameplay: 10/10Great. Just Great. Even though there aren’t many riddles, you won’t get by without using your brain. Every element works and every move you do makes sense. Otherwise I can’t talk much about Gameplay when it is a P&C Game. Honestly: You can’t do much wrong here. Difficulty: 8/10It introduces it’s features simple and short from the start on. And while it’s most of the time obvious WHAT you have to do, it’s sometimes really challenging HOW you going to do it. I came across some points where I wanted to punch my screen. It’s challenging, but not impossible. Great for Newcomers but also good for you Pros out there.Notable:- I have come along only one bug. (Which forced me to restart the game, but it only happened once. So save often just in case.)- Lack of optimizing options- Runs smoothly- I completed it in around 8 hours. And yes, that doesn’t look much, but I felt happy at the end. It would for sure have been better with one or two more hours, but the story was finished and I thought this was a good point to end.-There’s one, maybe two, points in the game where I didn’t know how to move on. And no guide I read has helped me with it. (After finding out what to do, it seemed reasonable.) I don’t want to spoil anything here, so if you need help just contact me here on steam.Conclusion:As I said earlier, it is perfect for anyone who never played such games before, but it’s definitely worth buying if you’re a fan of that genre! Great Game, nice story and challenging!Thanks for reading, if there are any questions leave a comment below."
,Recommended,255280,15736879,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Gimpy Illu$trado,"The Good:The puzzles make sense and drive the story forward -- and what a story it is! Yes, it covers many of the formulaic pulp crime tropes, but it's done with real style.Superb period-appropriate vibe, from the choice of music to the character designs, language used, and cultural references. Lots of amusing object descriptions and non-repetetive dialog options, which help to establish the world-building and mid-'50s flavor.Well-rounded lead characters -- I really began to care about making sure Joe and Christine get a well-earned happy ending. (Or at least a non-tragic one.) The choices they make affecting their marriage and fidelity determine the possible endings you can get. They're supported by a cast of quirky, memorable NPCs: convicts, cool cats, poets, lowlifes, and of course, the obligatory dirty cop.The Bad:Tries a bit too hard to capture the Beatnik subculture, during Christine's side of the game.The Ugly:The hot-spot tracker feature takes some of the fun out of poking at the environment. Less unexpected surprises. (But at least it guarantees that players won't lose time hunting for stray pixels.)"
,Recommended,255280,12725170,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,venkman,"A very nice point & click adventure with lovable characters and interesting choices to make. The artwork is very nice in my opinion, enable the 1954 mode which will render everything in a sepia tone. The puzzles are logical and entertaining. It's relatively short - it only took me 5hrs and hasn't a lot replay value. A perfect game for a casual gamer and best picked up when on sale. Love it!"
,Recommended,255280,30599948,Posted: 18 March,all,Howlux,Just good game
76561197993997665,Recommended,255280,9446263,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,duffy,"A nicely done point and click adventure game, with great actor voices, nice characters, easy enough puzzles what not makes you to give up the game too early. the graphics are mix of 2d hand painted artwork and 3d characters. the story is simple but the time You play with this game makes it more interesting. I'm still at the beginning in the game, but already can say that, it worth to buy, and it brings You the quality of entertainment what the developer team Daedalic Entertainment usually do. I can highly  recommend this game!"
76561198084924438,Recommended,255280,31694105,Posted: 11 May,all,Zordan Madness,Try get this game for steam sale $3 or less.
,Not Recommended,255280,10106426,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Yoda,"Game is pretty dull and mediocre from all sides, which is a shame as setting has a lot of potential for good story and characters.I think it is the weakest game from Deadalic on Steam.Art style is questionable, characters and dialogs boring as hell, story is uninspiring and puzzles are quite simple + there are a lot of loading screens. Besides traditional puzzles they added some dialog choices which could lead to a different outcomes but I'm kinda against it, I bet it added some job for scriptwriters but barely made any improvements  for gameplay. Branching is good only when your story good enough to support it. Also, game is pretty short - barely hit over 6 hours.I encountered few minor glitches in the game but nothing major, so at least this part is ok.Can't recommend this game, can be played though if you are an avid adventure collector and doesn't care about quality much."
76561197972679619,Recommended,255280,14347156,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Grobzilla,"This game was a lot of fun to play.  It's not a revolution in point-and-click adventures, but the setting is pretty unique and it oozes style and cool.  I will be replaying this in the future to explore a few of the story options I didn't take the first time through.  Can't wait to shoot someone with that gun I never used!  =)"
,Recommended,255280,16676470,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Vollach,"I only found out1954: Alcatrazexisted in the last month or so and if it wasn't for the STEAM summer sale I probably never would have purchased it, but I'm very glad I did.The game is a very fun point & click adventure game, interesting story and good presentation with a number of places to makes choices that effects the final outcome.I enjoyed this fine piece from Daedalic Entertainment and I'd recommend it for Point & click funs as a good purchase."
76561198154757644,Recommended,255280,12703626,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,simdel,"I enjoyed it on the whole, but it kept freezing on me, which began to drive me nuts.I enjoyed the puzzles a lot and while they were not insanely tough, they were not easy neither.The story was ok, though it appeared desperate to be politically correct with loys of gay love scenes etc, while on the other hand having the main character smash a guys skull in and push a totally innocent guard off a cliff to his death (behind his back too).The graphics were good early on but the latter scenes looked awful and bleak, as if the developers wanted to rush the game out the door and did not have time to provide uniform quality. The ending appeared very rushed too, from the point of the lead character leaving Stroud's cell.So I'm glad I played it, but would give it a score of 3 out of 5."
,Recommended,255280,24683633,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Phant0m,"I definitely recommend this game. It tells a great story about crime and romance, and it is a fun adventure. One of the best point & click games I have ever played. I give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,255280,30191639,Posted: 26 February,all,consecutive normal punches,(-) Achievements are bugged!(-) Slow loading(+) Music(+) Voice acting(+) Characters and storyline7.5/10 Great game
76561198272759440,Recommended,255280,31967141,Posted: 26 May,all,CallofDo0bie,"Check it out, but wait till it goes on saleI enjoyed my time with 1954 Alcatraz, while I wouldn't say it blew me away like some of Telltale's stuff has done in the past, it was a fun little point and click adventure and I don't regret my purchase (which I will add was during a sale event allowing me to get the Daedalic bundle for rediculously cheap)The Good-Voice acting was top notch, even when the writing for the charachter wasn't outstanding the actor delivered the lines well-Cool 50's vibe that will suck you in if seedy noir is one of your things.-Main charachters were well written and likable-Puzzle's were fun though sometimes really easy.The Bad-It was clear the writer's didn't give the supporting cast much thought.-$20 seems a bit high for what you get, as said above I got this in a package deal so maybe that has skewed my view of things, but $20 is a little higher than what it warrents IMO.The Ugly-I usually dig the 3d cell shaded style in games like this, but this is very blocky and awkward looking IMO.  The enviorments themselves aren't so bad as much as it is the charachters, but again the look may of been intentional and aesthetics are very subjective as always.Final Grade 7/10An enjoyable, though unremarkable adenture that will leave you satisfied if you're itching for a fun point and click that doesn't require an absurd amount of brain power."
76561198030853973,Recommended,255280,24105592,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Island Ed,"bought it with the armageddon bundle and wasnt actualy intrested in it.i expected a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ adventure...but got entertained very much. i enjoyed it quite a lot to be honest.its a litle untypical pointnclick.... it focuses more on story telling and dialogues than puzzles, which  are pretty easy but maybe i had that  impression because the object interaction is always well highlighted by dialouge of the protagonist.where in other games the guys says,: no, wont work.... no i dont think so... ...here u have it like: this could use some polishing.....    maybe it fits better if it is wet.....little but not too obvious hints,altough i played it in one run (with a lot of afk, so play time is shorter) ... i like that because u can pause the game for days and pick it up where u left without wondering what the hell u should do.7/10"
,Recommended,255280,17215525,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,AG Stradivarius,Pros:- nice music- cool graphic- nice voiceover- good feel- last part had cool atmosphere- you play two chars at the same time...kinda- some funny momentsCons:- story was little bit weak- sometimes it got confusing- some parts were too long for no reason- some things in game had some weird feel to itRating: 7/10
,Recommended,255280,25269376,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Coolaps8,"I have always wanted a point and click/puzzle/adventure game where the aim is to escape a prison. So I had no doubt in my mind I wanted to get this game. All I can say after completing the game is that it's very underwhelming in terms of story and gameplay. I'll start with the story. It tries to be original and does it well on christine's side of the story, but for Joe's side of the story it's very cliche in a lot of areas. I liked a lot of the characters apart from the one that matters which is Joe, this is simply because they did a terrible job setting up a backstory for him and Christine. I like Christine's character though because she has a personality, but on the other hand Joe is such a boring, shallow and run of the mill character. As for the side characters like Viv, Sutter and Bernadette, they seem like good characters and an opportunity wasted in my opinion to expand on their backround. Mickey is a relatively interesting villain but once again has a very limited backstory.As for the gameplay, the gameplay can get a bit repetetive as you will find yourself going back and forwards between different location's in the city of San Francisco. For a ""puzzle"" game the ""puzzles"" for the most part are extremely easy, like 90% of them are easy for one simple reason. Most of the time a character gives you a puzzle to solve they pretty much give you the solution in the dialogue options or in visual form. For instance there is a part where you have to get Mickey out of his office but it's clear that all you have to do is pretend you have a desease becasue his office is filled of cleaning equipment. Also his ""bodyguard"" says that Mickey just got done pretty much disinfecting his office for like an hour or so. As for the dialogue giveaways, when Joe is setting up his escape there are some garbage in the corner of the hallway. At this point in the game you are looking for a dummy to put in your bed, then he clearly states that you can use the garbage bag for a dummy. Why could'nt I figure that out for myself in a puzzle game. Also for a game where you are meant to escape prison as an inmate you spend most of your time as his wife on the outside. Which for me is good at least because I didn't really like playing as joe.Last point, after 6-9 hours of gameplay you expect an good/interesting ending. You do not get that, all the endings are so boring (there are multiple endings which are not really different). The endings are so cliche and not satisfying at all.I would reccomend this game if it's on sale or if you are a massive point and click/adventure/puzzle fan. If you are not a fan of the genre or the Alcatraz topic I would not give this game more than a borrow from a friend.All the other points I didn't write about are down below.+Good map design+Alright voice acting+Varied locations (in terms of buildings not settings)+Servicable animations-Achievements didn't work for me for some reason (I only got two achievements instead of the 9-12 I deserve)-Odd character walking speed-Way too many loading screens-Side characters don't have backstory's which feels like a massive opportunity wastedThank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed and this helped you make an informed decision on whether to buy this game or not."
,Recommended,255280,33945197,Posted: 1 August,all,saluk,"It's a daedelic adventure game, so you kind of know what to expect here. If you like their take on the genre you will probably like this one. A lot of collecting items and using them in the right spots. A lot of strange characters some which work and some which don't. A functional story that never quite goes deep enough to satisfy. I do appreciate their attempt at a more real world setting, and alcatraz + the 50s is a cool one. While it's been done before, going back and forth between the two protagonists works pretty well, and each section of the game has a slightly different feel.+ protagonists reasonably well drawn+ puzzles are standard fare, nothing too challenging or too basic+ two simultaneous storylines keep you interested- you come away feeling like you have read the outline of a story- gameplay/puzzles very by the numbers"
76561198051284557,Recommended,255280,23833401,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mitko,"This was my first Point'n'Click in many years. Here's my take on it:I loved the characters in the story, deffinitelly enjoyed the flavor they brought to the world. They really made an atmosphere and story that felt real. While it was mostly linier until the end, I take this game as more of a narrative experience, telling a story at your own pace and immersing you in it as only a game could.Yes, it's mostly linier, yes it's not very hard and yes, it's not worth it's full price BUT it has a great story to tell and I'd highly recommend when on sale at 75% or higher."
76561198063082850,Recommended,255280,33392506,Posted: 8 July,all,Katherine Meduna,"Achievements have not worked for me yet and that is a disapointment, other than that I enjoyed the game."
76561198164016063,Recommended,255280,26268457,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Artemur,pros- good looking hand drawn background graphics- two playable characters- 1950's noir atmosphere done very well- jazzy soundtrack- easy puzzles- good voice acting- you can choose different dialog options and this can effect other characters situations in the game. this gives to game non linearity.- it has a quite a good story and characters. there are also some gay characters and i ve never seen lgbtt characters any adventure games until this game.cons- Steam achievements doesn't work on Windows 10- too many loading screens- plot is realistic but slow pacing. there isn't an exciting jailbreak plot in this game.- 3 D character designs are not made so well.
,Recommended,255280,16760931,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game!  When I started, I wasn't overly impressed but as the game went on, I got more and more absorbed in the story and by the end I was having a great time.  Or as great a time as you can have as a criminal escaping Alcatraz and his accomplice wife.  There is some freedom of choice that allows you to sort of adjust the likeability-level of your two playable characters (i.e. some choices will make you into a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).+Engaging story+Excellent voice acting+Art style is unique (cartoonish but nicely done)+A variety of endings and variations on endings depending on choices made in the game.+Solutions aren't nearly as obscure as some point-and-click adventure games.  There is thankfully no ""combine a jelly bean and a cat to get a TV antenna"" sorts of solutions and I always applaud that (personal opinion that games should challenge without causing unneeded hair-pulling).-Game length is pretty short - I ran through in about 4.5 hours, getting all three main endings. This makes the full price a little steep but sales and bundles make it reasonably priced.-There are places you can get ""stuck"" in progression and have to reload an earlier save (usually when there needs to be an exchange between the switchable characters that is somewhat order-of-events sensitive)There are a few things to keep in mind about this one:1.  It is definitely NOT for anyone who is squeamish about violence and sexual acts.  There isn't a lot of it, and what there is isn't graphically explicit, but there are some sound effects that might bother the more prudish consumer.2.  This takes place in the 1950s and the slang, including racial slang, reflects that.  It is not ""politically correct"" because there was no such thing back then.  There is also heavy emphasis on the ""Beat"" culture of that time period, including slang, which might sound very strange if you're not too aquainted with 1950s-era hipsters.3. $19.99 is a little pricey for the length of the game, so you might want to get it on sale or in a bundle.  Daedelic makes some great games so almost any of their bundles probably includes some games that are even better than this one."
76561197976530450,Recommended,255280,20339291,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Madhouse,3.5 Stars - A point and click adventure around gangsters and an Alcatraz jail break.This game offers solid design and build in the point and click genre. The game goes for a Noir type approach and the player splits between the two game leads.Overall the puzzles are well designed and should offer a least a little to think about. A sucker for Daedalic games I found myself enjoying my time in 1954.Pros -StorySolid build and controlsSound trackCons -Linear
,Recommended,255280,24036938,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ragetrip,"I have always been fascinated with crime stories. Be it the Goodfellas, Breaking Bad, or a video game like Mafia II. I'm especially drawn to prison stories that are done right so it is no surprise when I tell you that Shawshank Redemption is one of my favorite flicks of all time. So when I sat down to play 1954 Alcatraz for the first time I had high hopes. However do to the history of games that are based on Alcatraz I was very skeptical. So now I will answer the question.......""Will I Rage? 1954 Alcatraz""Gameplay1954 Alcatraz is an adventure clicker that takes you through the struggle of Joe and his wife Christine. During the game you switch and play between both Joe and Christine as Joe attempts to make his escape from the most notorious prison in America. As you may realize this game relies heavily on the story. Every action will effect how things turn out (kind of). As far as the game play and mechanics of the game they are pretty standard for this type of game. The coolest feature is the seamless transitions from Joe to Cristine. The puzzles seem to lack variety as well as difficulty making it far too easy.GraphicsI actually really dig the graphics and art in this game. Some people may disagree but I feel it fits the story, game play and time period perfectly. I do understand some people don't like cartoonish or Artsy graphics but for this game it fits amazingly. It could be polished a bit better and made amazing but that's my biggest problem with the game is that the production values seem a bit sketchy.StorylineThis is the bread and butter of 1954 Alcatraz. The story of Joe and his wife Christine. Joe is in prison for an armored truck heist gone wrong. After an attempted escape he was sent to the rock. Throughout the game you switch between Joe and his wife Christine as both weave their way through the game world to prepare for Joe to make his big escape attempt. The game attempts to give you choices that changes the outcome but isn't very open. In fact, it's more like you take one path or the other really. The story itself is a good one however it never really captivates and feels extremely rushed. Did I enjoy it? Yes. But I wish that they had of taken their time with it more. Instead the entire game feels extremely rushed.ValueThis game has a price tag of $19.99 on steam. It simply isn't worth it. The good news is that this game is on sale for under 5 bucks quite often. If you can get it for under 5 bucks on sale or in a bundle I'd totally suggest the game. It's NOT a bad game. It's just not really a good one either.ConclusionI am conflicted when it comes to how I feel about 1954 Alcatraz. I enjoyed my two runs through the game, while at the same time being let down. The colorful cartoon art style was breathtaking at moments. The music and voice acting were also surprisingly good. With the music being exceptionally flawless. Then you get a story that has a ton of potential but in reality is too short and rushed for you to ever develop feelings for the characters one way or another. This becomes a problem when making scandalous decisions doesn't make you feel the least bit bad. All in all if you can get the game on sale for under 5 bucks I'd suggest picking it up. But if you pick it up for the $19.99 price tag..........you'll probably rage.Rating: 2.5/5"
76561198002986817,Recommended,255280,21749663,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"Yet another Daedalic point and click adventure game. I'd say this one is better then the bad ones like Whispered world and Edna but not as good as the great ones like Chains, Rabbit, or Deponia. I like the style of this game. I liked how there was an inclusion of the history of mob and beat poets. It's not as funny as other games but the story was good with some great visuals and music. Plus this is the only Daedilic game that has alternate solutions for puzzles and alternate endings. Plus this game had puzzles beyond the usual item stuff. The only problem is that the game is much shorter then other Daedilic games and thats unfortunate. A good game, not a great game, but a good game."
,Recommended,255280,28208106,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Delezatro,"The game itself is a pretty good point&click-adventure with a nice story, fitting music and a unique style. Some possibilites of interaction are unexpected and make for a good laugh and the story development is not as predictable as in many other games.My main problem with this game is that its old and somewhat clunky/buggy controls somewhat ruin the atmosphere at a few points but other than that it is really worth playing if you like adventure games."
76561198080833647,Recommended,255280,30044377,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,Not as into this game as some others may be.  I'd recommend watching a let's play on youtube for the story unless you just rrwally enjoy adventure games of this sort.
76561198031032248,Recommended,255280,32005431,Posted: 27 May,all,oana,":( no achievements worked, but I still loved this game. i loved the details and the atmosphere, and the word choices - tons of words i had never heard before. loved the spinning cat :D. and the main female character reminds me of a friend. really nice and tons of fun characters."
,Recommended,255280,20401636,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,supplementscene,"PLEASE Daedalic make a sequel to Alatraz. There's plenty of scope for these characters, timeframe and setting to develop....Anyway on to the review a truely beautiful drawn point and click atmopheric cinematic adventure. The music and voice acting is a perfect match for the style of the charming visuals. Christine is a a sassy pouty lead female brilliantly drawn to portray her expressions and attitude. The expressions on the characters faces are particularly good in close ups/cut scenes.I've seen criticisms of the plot and while it is a little basic and not many twists it keeps you interested and you want to see it progress. I thought the end was maybe a little rushed. There are multiple endings, which adds a little (not much) replay value. I'd like to see extra gameplay and ending for each option. I still only have half of the achievements apparently so maybe there's more replay value.Some question whether the interracial relationship element of the story could have been explored further but if this was gone into in depth you'd have an awful degree of darkness with the racism of the times. It likely becomes a controversial game and difficult to do justice to the issues at hand.Gameplay wise it's not the most challenging P&C game, although I did use a walkthrough at times. Puzzles fans maybe disapointing here I suppose. It does give a few hints too making it maybe too obvious for hardcore puzzlers. Personally I don't like spending days on 1 puzzle or needing to constantly break out the walkthrough so I liked the fact it didn't interrupt the story.It's a solid 8 or 9 out of 10 for me. I was playing this alongside Gabriel Knight and The Secret of Monkey Island. And while I wouldn't say it's better I've played more of it recently and finished it before those too. It's certainly more of a cinematic experience. If you're a hardcore puzzler this maybe not your cup of tea. I'm surprised this has so many negative reviews but maybe that's why. I much prefer this to Deponia although some may prefer the tougher puzzles that game offers. But this is purposely easier, to focus itself as a cinematic atmpospheric story. If you don't buy it now add it to your wishlist as sooner or later it'll be offer and cheap as chips. Not that you'll regret buying it at full price."
,Recommended,255280,33915440,Posted: 30 July,all,kristinani11,"Ok so I absoultly loved this story. I got the game in a bundle and didnt think i would ever play it, but i made my mission this summer to play all my games and this one was one of my favories. Daedalic is one of my favorite gamedevlopers they constiantly have gorgeous desiggn, fun anf funny story telling, and when you play you really feel liek you get something out of it. i enjoyed that this game was a little darker than most of daedalic's I have played, i also feel like evn though its a point and click adventure, i still think it has replay value, there are many options that make a difference as you play the game and or course achievements and stickers are a plus. overall really enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,255280,12091745,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"1954 Alcatraz is a short and sweet adventure game that has a different narrative unlike your typical adventure game. I really enjoyed it from minute one and it was a heartfelt experience. Choices matter in the presentation of the story as well as it having multiple endings so I'm always a sucker for that. I guarantee you if you want a noir kind of game, you won't regret this one."
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,255280,28995830,Posted: 3 January,all,kyzka,"In a nutshell it's a very mediocre point and click adventure (jazzed up in a clever preview video to look so much more). It does have some good visuals and sound, but the story is rather uninspiring, slow and cumbersome. Trying to get some of the achievements will really do your head in as there will be many replays of the same thing over and over. The main story is that Christine has had her life threatened by the mob demanding to know where the hidden loot is from the recent bank heist which Joe had orchestrated and hid before being caught and sent to Alcatraz.As a gamer you have to follow and help two different stories until they converge at the end. You have to help Joe escape and at the same time help Christine his wife follow the trail of bread crumbs and find the hidden stash of cash all the while being chased by horny police and germ o-phobic mafia.Cant say it's suitable for children since it does reference blow jobs, drugs and homosexuality in several places, which doesn't really enhance the story or game-play in any way. At the same time adding these things and glamorizing them merely subtracts this from being any type of historic piece as these things were largely refrained from during that period and would have ended up with people being lynched.The puzzles are merely grab objects and give them to the right people or set them down at the right place. So the game is hardly versatile or challenging, having said that you will still probably need a walk through as the game is rather pedantic when it comes to speaking to people first before you set down the object your 100 percent confident they need.The big crescendo is child's play. Seriously a cat could work it out just walking up and down the keyboard. Which kind of robs you from experiencing that satisfying sensation you get when you hurdle a suitable challenge.There's enough good points with the sound and visuals for it to get a thumbs up, but there is also enough bad points here with its lackluster, tedious game play and its groan out load cheap and cheesy Benny Hill rump a long humor. Unfortunately for me, it was more thumbs down because of achievement glitches than thumbs up. Still for $2.00 when it is on sale at least it might be worth the look, but when it is at the normal price of $20. are you kidding me? Or is that just clever marketing? They keep it expensive knowing that people would be more likely to buy it when they see that it is 75% off. Very clever marketers!!!http://www.daedalic.de/en/games/"
76561198016733996,Recommended,255280,13439179,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ToMeK,"I would give this game a 5 out of 10.The game is short for an adventure game. Alot of it is very basic and it is hard to get stuck seeing when you look at things they usually give you a clue or hint on what goes with them.It's not too much of an adult content game but wouldn't recommend it for children that aren't teenagers. It has brought nothing new to adventure games but the story isn't half bad. If your an adventure game fan pick it up on special, wouldn't pay full price for it..."
76561198136732748,Not Recommended,255280,17371562,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Never3ndr,"1954 Alcatraz, Sentenced to Life in MediocrityA point-and-click adventure game that has potential, but falls short in the two areas that are the most important, storyline and character development.  That isn't to say that this is a bad game by any means, but it can leave you stuck between a Rock and a dull place many times.  So, even though the game is relatively short and painless to play, I found myself pushing to finish it since I didn't care about the characters and wasn't really interested by the story arc.  Only really worth a play if you are a die-hard adventure game fan and find it on sale."
,Recommended,255280,25802135,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,siNN,"ohboy this was a great game, love the story and atmosphere made me shake my tower of joy quiet alot and dam christine is hot AF lit story was swaggin on the alcatraz vibes, even got surprised by the nice cutscenes and dialogue, had great plottwist especially the one with u know who at the u know which part winkwink but yea i cant believe trump wants to make a wall around mexico the germans fought so hard to get rid of their east and westside wall and now this but who am i to talk politics im just a gamer to be quiet honest with u guysgreat game"
,Recommended,255280,9565794,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Masterclow,"It's seems that they make this game in a rush, not paying attention to details and making a story that a lot of moments is a bit confusing. However there is a lot of scenarios to play, some good puzzles and the creators tried to preserve the feeling of a classic adventure game. It may have a lot of issues but for the original price and everything else, the game overall is OK."
,Recommended,255280,19149422,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,シセル Shiseru,"[Buy on sale] A nice adventure game set in an interresting context, some of the ""puzzles"" have multiple ways to be solved and the game uses of a few choices that create changes on the game's last minutes."
,Recommended,255280,17134592,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ItsOrca,A really good game with an amazing storyline. The puzzles are well designed and easy to do.
,Recommended,255280,17922243,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Teweesa,"Great soundtrack, beautiful artwork and a decent story. Worth a playthrough."
,Not Recommended,255280,30997141,Posted: 7 April,all,popeye,One of the weaker Dadealic games.Only buy it on sale if you want to kill a few hours...
,Not Recommended,255280,24771026,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Shawnᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ,"The game surrounds a guy named Joe who gets arrested and sent to Alcatraz for a robbery. It revolves around a point and click style of gameplay that has you clicking everywhere to look for clues. The story is pretty o-k, but nothing too amazing. You get a lot of options with most characters, and a lot of the options you choose can effect other characters in the game.The voices and settings of the game are pretty decent, and I enjoyed them while playing. Sometimes the dialogue can be a bit extended but good thing they have a skip function when you click.However, the reason I'm giving it a negative review is because there is a good possibility that when you're playing, the game bugs out and you're not able to complete an objective. This personally happened to me (and a few others), where in a scene when you're supposed to use an object on a character, the character instead doesn't react to the object and no matter what you do you can't progress.In addiition to that specific bug, numerous people have also experienced bugs with achievements and other aspects of gameplay.This may not be the case for everyone, but it was for me and a few others I have saw around. It's possible you may have a different outcome so pick this game up at a heavy discount. It could be entertaining if you don't encounter a game breaking bug.4/10"
,Recommended,255280,20902190,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Ariandel,"While the characters are a little wonky, and the story is overall barely memorable, the game itself is fairly good. 1954 Alcatraz is a point and click adventure that manages to keep both the story and puzzle solutions believable. Mostly, it just takes a little exploration and common sense.However, what I liked most about this game was how inclusive the cast of characters was, even if some of them were somewhat stereotypical: the main characters are an interracial couple whose friends include a homosexual couple, an asian land-lady, and a transgender inmate.While these characters could have been handled with a little more care, the fact that they were shown in a (mostly) positive manner is amazing."
,Recommended,255280,12934192,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Silent Shade,"This game has an interesting story about the prison of Alcatraz, but has quite an emtional ending depending on some of the choices you make. I got this when it was on special for $4.99 as I recommend buyers to wait for a special  as the price doesnt really compare with how long the story is.Overall Rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,255280,24500085,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Hunter X Hunter,"What makes a great point-and-click game:* Story (Check)* Characters (Check)* Visuals (Check)* Will keep you busy for awhile (check)This was in my opinion a great POC, :)"
,Not Recommended,255280,31285792,Posted: 21 April,all,ArcaneM37,I didn't finish this game. Couldn't stay interested. The story just wasn't compelling.
76561198030531177,Recommended,255280,13192979,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hippityd,Harder then expected. For 1.99 it was great. I got stuck twice where I had to look at a guide.
,Recommended,255280,22887854,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,EdCapistrano,Great story and ambience.
,Recommended,255280,16973763,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Mathkitasiibala,"I enjoyed this game, interesting. The low quality of graphic is ok for me. But combining with the low loading speed, this game is not worth for nearly 17 quids."
,Recommended,255280,12113202,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,kazereal,"Cool and stylish adventure game. Great writing, story and dialogue.Sometimes minor glitches but could be due to drivers etc.Recommended for all adventure game fans."
,Recommended,255280,9875274,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,I refuse to improve.,"I wrote a review of 1954 Alcatraz almost one year ago today, ultimately not recommending it.  There were so many things to praise, but a few key shortcomings begrudgingly kept me from recommending it.  After about a year's reflection and a second playthrough, I would like to reverse my opinion and recommend this game to the community.I still take issue with several things, but they're minor in retrospective.  The biggest issue is that like most point-and-click titles, a guide is almost necessary at a few key points.  Some puzzles are very clear, and the addition of a hint system that pops up when you press spacebar helps a lot of the time, but it becomes a crutch and you're still left trying to figure out a few, key, but nonsensical puzzles.Still, these issues I consider minor.This game has a fantastic atmosphere.  The backgrounds are very well-detailed and are just superb.  It has a film noir feel through and through, even if you don’t use the special filter to replicate this effect.  The sound and music, as well as the quality of the voice acting is better than most other titles I’ve played.There are issues with the writing that I take, in that some of the dialogue seems cut and skipped.  It’s easy to imagine that a character originally had 5 lines but only 1 or 2 made it to a particular section.  The part of the writing that shines through is the world building.  Characters, though extremely stereotypical, aren’t two-dimensional.  They may be static from the onset, showing a hint of growth here and there, but there are many things that make the game work.  It’s a very progressive game that stays true to the era it takes place in.  It doesn’t indulge too much on certain aspects (for instance, there is racism, but it’s written well and not lazily, and only happens with appropriate characters).  Every line of dialogue matters.  I just wish they included more.All this comes with the expectation that you’ll play through twice.  It is worth it, but it might not seem so before you start your second playthrough.  And give it a month or so.  Maybe longer.  Maybe a year like me.  But either way, this title is a remarkable one and it absolutely should be emulated by other companies."
,Recommended,255280,30939760,Posted: 4 April,all,Robert Megone,Great game from Daedalic and Gene Mocsy.
76561198100828613,Recommended,255280,18429343,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,AttackoftheGout,to cheat on my husband or not?
76561198045676923,Not Recommended,255280,28270291,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,lemon,"ok, i bought the game via steam. i can't play this game, because when the people are moving, then they are laggin every second. it's unnerving and i don't feel to finish this game. since the people don't support their game anymore, i can't do anything now.even though my specs of my pc are more than sufficient for this game.my game version: 4.0.1.62181my specs (from dxdiag):-Processor: AMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core Processor              (6 CPUs), ~3.5GHz-Memory: 8192MB RAM-Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670-IOS: win10__________"
76561198146025761,Not Recommended,255280,32197558,Posted: 5 June,all,ladywonderer.cl,"interesting plotnice graphicsnice musicnice voice actingbut there is a bug which doesnt allow christine to feel ill and make the gangsta run away from his room , thus i cant access the safe. im looking for gamesaves online now.overall the game isnt bad but it isnt worth its price  , i bought it on sales."
76561197965274807,Recommended,255280,17362225,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,sonic16,A well made game.
,Recommended,255280,17189695,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,PsychoSausage,Very good storyline and excellent animation.If you are a fan of point and click games i would highly recommend it.Just bloody buy it !!!
76561198042225625,Recommended,255280,16333453,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,"That's a solid poit'n'click adult quest, reminds me of 'Grim Fandango' with mouse controls."
,Recommended,255280,13169939,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Barbus loves the ( . Y . ),"Have not finished the game yet but disapointed its a point and click game, It has good story and art-work tough,Its a good game for beeing a point and click game, but still disapointed.Over all game 5/10"
,Not Recommended,255280,30270860,Posted: 1 March,all,Syrain,"I really wanted to like this game, besides the horrible voice acting the game wasn't all that bad. I was getting into the love bird story and then the ending ruined the whole thing for me.SPOILERSJoe and Christine spend the whole game doing things for and trying to get back together, then all the sudden at the end you have to choose whether or not to stay together? That is ridiculous! You just negated the whole story with a stupid choice.+++"
76561197987838464,Recommended,255280,34788001,Posted: 6 September,all,madrigal,"Cute game and story.  Good voice-over acting as always with Daedalic games.  Puzzles are relatively easy.  It only takes about 5-7 hours to play through so not really worth $10, but ok for sale price.  Not interesting enough to play through more than once.  Achievements don't unlock, but there were no bugs or game crashes."
,Not Recommended,255280,34897909,Posted: 12 September,all,NeroEM9,"Story? As a story, it was really really really bad. I couldn't play until the ending, yet I watched, the only thing I can say is that I am glad I didn't waste my time until the end. Since it looks like it has, I presume you are looking for story, well don't look here..Gameplay? Full of unnecessary, artificial, sloppy puzzles.Setting? Setting was the best side of it. Nice soundtracks, better backdrops. Pretty good 'beatnik', exaggerated version of Allen Ginsberg's odor. Yet, there is no nudity or sex or masturbation as you would expect from a beatnik narrative."
76561198164113266,Recommended,255280,15425951,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,xjason123x,"best game in the world, fun and replay value"
,Not Recommended,255280,17699680,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,b0bair,"I cant finish this game beacuse of bugs :/The story is fantastic and very intresting but its doesent metter , i spend over 8h on playing , but still cant finish the game (cant finish last 30 min of game , its terrible)"
,Recommended,255280,24324717,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TheClockworkKat,"Really cute, short game!Would recommend~"
76561197968106249,Not Recommended,255280,20338549,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Halfwit,no fun for me really did not enjoy a single part of this game
,Recommended,255280,21687424,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,namqap,Its very intriguingly game. Buy it 100% if u 1 of those who loves Alcatraz and gansters theme. Good atmosphere of 50s.10/10 prison escapes
,Recommended,255280,25336411,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dev Kev,oh it was point and click :(
,Not Recommended,255280,28334296,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,RosePlayedThis,"It's an alright game, I just wouldn't *recommend* it.The worst aspects are it can be a bit dull and it's quite glitchy. Make sure you save often, because quite a few times I've had it clash on alt-tabbing or glitch in some way, then I've given up on it.The voice acting is okay, not wonderful, okay. The graphics are an interesting style, and the story is quite good, but there are weaknesses in terms of the logic of what you have to do. It can get a bit dull, as others have said, and confusing switching between characters.All in all, I'm not complaining, I'm just not recommending."
76561197978273353,Not Recommended,255280,14040632,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Marhados,I cant recommend too short and characters are annoying. I had a great time playing it but it leaves me with a bad taste. If you are a big fan of point and click you shall give it a try on sale. 75% off is good but not for full price you gonna regret.
,Not Recommended,255280,16761002,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,gryffinstark,"Picked this game up in the Armageddon Bundle, and heard decent things about it. The game plays okay, the story is okay, the puzzles are okay, but for me, soon after solving the first few puzzles, I was just bored. I know it is a short game, so I did it to pass the time, but by the end I couldn't even be that bothered with the puzzles, or honestly care about the two main protagonists and thier wellbeing at the end.I think the game would've proven more slightly entertaining if I didn't play by my own morals...A very mediorce, lacklustre PnC."
76561197989908752,Recommended,255280,13071252,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,IRazor,"Nice game, funny story. Bought it on sale."
,Not Recommended,255280,31945687,Posted: 24 May,all,Lira,"Немилосердно долгие экраны загрузки между любыми сценами, вплоть до соседних комнатушек.Бездарное нагромождение препятствий, не имеющих отношения к сюжету. Нельзя просто так взять и обсудить с персонажем существенную тему или получить квестовый предмет. Сначала пойди туда, не знаю куда, принеси мне то, не знаю что, свари мне суп, раздобудь мне редкую книгу, и тд и тп.Диалоги и реплики нельзя пропустить. Субтитры можно прокликать, но персонажи продолжают проговаривать вслух и заняты, пока не договорят.Бездна интерактивных объектов, но наибольшая их часть нам ничего не дает. Вот какие-то книжки, вот какие-то кружки. Персонажи не раскрываются через интерьер, который их окружает.Полторы мотивации на каждого. Картонные поголовно. Диалоги качества такого, что зачастую попадаются фразы не к месту, и вы гадаете, что это было и о чем.Концовок несколько, коротеньких и тщедушных, различаются минимально.Очень скучная игра, не стоит ваших времени и усилий."
76561198094270424,Not Recommended,255280,16380014,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,МихаилZ,its the worst game of daedalic- lots of perverts in game- bugs- doesnt support linux (even in wine)
,Not Recommended,255280,11951750,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,moss_icon,"Relatively short, decent story, good voice acting, weird graphics, obscure puzzles. I used a walkthrough plenty here as there was a lot of things that made no sense to me but I am not generally tuned up for adventures, my brain don't work the way that the devs wanted it to. Perhaps the most impressive aspect of the game is how it lets you roleplay the two main characters, you have a few options with the way they behave that will lead to different endings.1954 is a long way from awful, the binary ""good / no good"" thing here isn't always ideal, but you've likely got better things to do with your time than play this."
,Not Recommended,255280,16547181,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kaley Cho,it gets quite boring and i just can't get into this game
,Not Recommended,255280,33411425,Posted: 9 July,all,♰ Noxah✨Nukem♰,I honestly couldn't stand to finish this game because the story wasn't compelling enough.
76561198001584035,Not Recommended,255280,15630788,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BobMammoth,Meh.
,Recommended,255280,32821481,Posted: 26 June,all,pgphil86,Interesting story in interesting game.
76561198118959084,Not Recommended,255280,34415355,Posted: 22 August,all,Zarniwoop,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,255280,17310442,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DailyGaming,This game gets thumbs Down its not even workings its such a peice of sh*t doesent do anything fun
76561198035699283,Not Recommended,255280,13800649,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RanJoe,5/10-Lack of story-Short story-Strange logic quests and persons
76561198205358985,Not Recommended,255280,33355614,Posted: 7 July,all,Redlilycat,"So, I bought this game as part of a bundle, and let me say how much I hate this company. Their games are buggy, and this particular one had a game-breaking bug that would not let me progress late-game, but posed as something I could fix. No, it's not worth 10 dollars. It's frustrating and nearly every game in this company has made has had game-breaking bugs.Have fun."
,Not Recommended,255280,29574282,Posted: 29 January,all,gachiBASS Clap gachiBASS Clap,"Achievements are glitched, you can only get some of them and the other ones are just bugged, definitely will not buy anything these developers made until it's fixed"
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,255280,13402301,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"I liked this when it began, i liked the idea of Escaping and Prison etc, but it quickly became all about playing as the Wife walking around town etc."
,Not Recommended,255280,33365407,Posted: 7 July,all,DatArsenalFan,Story is meh! Avoidable. Clunky control. Old graphics.Still feeling itch to play this?Buy only if it price is less than $2.5
76561197968116408,Not Recommended,255280,14970741,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,"As a point and click fan, I was dissapointed in the Deadalic effort, the setting and characters were ok, and the dialog suited the period.But the puzzles were so-so and the game felt rushed. So unless you a big fan of the genre I would stay away from this game,"
,Not Recommended,255280,20935946,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,HARD csgoroll.com,Wow... i can't get through the first conversation.At least i can refund it.
,Recommended,255280,9671747,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,peachieday,"It was a pretty good game with references from the beat generation, pretty art, and a decent mystery story-line, but it was really short. I finished in ~5-6 hours. If you can, try to get it when it goes on sale. I wouldn't say it's worth $20, which is what I  paid for it (I'm a sucker for anything 1950's beat related)."
,Not Recommended,255280,34853273,Posted: 9 September,all,The Guest,4/10
,Not Recommended,255280,13090271,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,OCloud,"I thought the storyline behind the game was a cool concept, but its execution was seriously lacking. What I was hopeing for was a mutiply choice excape plan game, which every choice effected the outcome. What I got was a monalog storyline, with cheating couples, murderer's, and gay men.I would NOT recommend this game at all."
76561198164777641,Not Recommended,255280,22795058,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,OOOliva,"I did not get this game. I wachted the walkthough, although I was stucked there."
,Recommended,255280,16715091,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,benjamine_89,"1954 Alcatraz is fun and entertaining game, that I can clearly recommend others to play and buy. The game can be completed quickly, but still worth the money because the story is pretty well made up."
,Recommended,255280,16722246,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Larikan,Good old point & click adventure!
,Recommended,255280,18797792,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sophia,This game is definately worth a try. Though a little short the acting is great and there's never a dull moment.
76561197992802624,Recommended,255280,18446848,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mirage,"Lovely game, especially for the P&C players"
76561198014704153,Recommended,255280,18287913,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,WolfauraRose,"I usually find point and click games rather boring.But couldn't resist when there was a sale. Even if I think I wont like a game I will give it a try.This game is ok, since it's not really my thing, but it's not a bad game.It has a good user interface and is a basic game without anything difficult or confusing.I like that you can save any time you want, to me that is important in a game as I want to be able to save and stop playing to do other things when I want to.And it has a quite a good story and characters as well as graphics. Even though I don't like point and click games much, this game is done well, so I reccomend it and rate it 6/10."
,Recommended,255280,18302966,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,smallwombat,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish. The art style, the story, the characters - all very well done. I ended up binge-playing because I was so immersed, and it's one of those games that I've reflected on from time to time, so it obviously made an impression.Slightly disappointed that the ending didn't seem to match up with the choices I made... after all, why put the choices there if they aren't going to mean anything? But ultimately, I'm glad I played it through, and I probably will again someday."
76561198151697084,Recommended,255280,17525759,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,xXJustARideXx,"Nice short point & click adventure with fair graphics and story. Nothing too fancy or thrilling, but worth playing through."
,Recommended,255280,16591736,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LexA,"I simply fell in love with many of the elements in this game early on, and played it through almost at one sitting.Sadly, it only took me about 6 hours, I could have kept playing much longer.Liked the graphics, the general grim atmosphere of the game, the voice acting, and the fact that you must control more than one character over the course of the game, to reach a common goal. The plot works well, the characters and locations are well though out, and I just wish there were more games like this.I've always been a fan of Sierra and LucasArts type adventures, and this game is very much on the same track with it's subtle humor and it's puzzles that at times have you walking in circles collecting items to combine in order to create new items and so on.But - This game is not perfect by any means. I already mentioned I felt like the game ended too soon.Also, some of the puzzles I thought were well thought out and challenging without being impossible -while some felt like they were just thrown in there as filling.And while the somewhat non-linear gameplay is a nice touch, I thought the storyline was a bit restrictive for this, and so this was a bit ""half cooked"".All in all - a good yet short game, that really has lots of potential that still could have been so much more.P.S. I am definitely going to play through this again, just to see what could be done differently. ;)"
76561198076044413,Recommended,255280,16556698,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Noob,good story but not worth full price
76561197995086333,Recommended,255280,16861085,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Destiny883,"A decent point-and-click game from the creators of Deponia, short but good enough."
76561198063193728,Recommended,255280,15843858,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sayanne,"You play both an Alcatraz prisoner and his wife, planning his escape from inside and outside Alcatraz.Good story, love the plots and the different paths you can take to achieve your goal.The fun part is to redo the end to find out alternate endings, you can also replay the game while making different choices.Very fun."
76561198173108093,Recommended,255280,16822013,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,nickpeyon,"Apart from some lag and low fps, for unkown reasons, I very much enjoyed this game. So much so, that I'm gonna play again to get 100% achievement done :)I give this 8/10"
76561197971630754,Recommended,255280,15749324,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ironklad,"A flawwed, but enjoyable game, recommended for adventure game lovers.  Above average for most adventure games, but I would recommend any of the other Daedalic adventure games over it.  Stronger on the puzzles than with the story and characters.This game follows two protagonists that you can switch between at most points during the game.  This creates a very enjoyable pacing that allows you to take a break from one set of puzzles so that you never feel stressed out.  The issue with this is that while I found Christine's half of the game to be a very free and enjoyable adventuring experience, Joe's was far too straightforward and forced.  His puzzles mainly consisted of being forced into a room, and doing exactly what you were told to do.The story is also a bit on the flat side.  There is no realy plot progression or developement.  Joe and most everybody on alcatraz have no personality, with Christine's side once again being much better.All and all it feels like there is a good game and a mediocre game here and together they make an okay game that is worth playing for lovers of puzzle solving."
76561198060609765,Recommended,255280,15463516,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,NapZ,I never really played many Point and Click games but I must say this is a great introduction to them was very fun and simple at the same time. 8/10
76561198046781319,Recommended,255280,14308251,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,AnzyVee,"A rather short point and click, fairly easy but still enjoyable.I would recommend this game but as a fan of the genre I have played much better ones, may be good for someone starting out in the genre of gameplay."
76561198043478696,Recommended,255280,15911249,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,bazzboozz,"Nice adventure game, I love that in the game you can backtracking and that you wont get stuck when you missed something.. I bought this game with discount. Nice game but shouldnt be worth more then 5 euros .."
76561198003515185,Recommended,255280,13177723,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,James,"Although it's buggy, it has an undeniable charm. I enjoyed playing Alcatraz. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,255280,15101502,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,alison,"What a blast! This is your typical new skool adventure - the puzzles are logical, you never get stuck and the pacing is perfect. Beat-era San Francisco is fabulous. I played it in German, so can't comment on the English acting, but the German was surprisingly good given the setting in such a classic chapter of American history. Definitely worth a playthrough for serious adventure fans."
,Recommended,255280,13309804,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lukeseppe,I have played a few point and click advernture games in the past that made me feel like this wasn't a type of game for me. Almost puts me to sleep since it is so repetitive but 1954 Alcatraz has a unique story line that keeps me interested. I also am a fan of the way the game is drawn. I have been reintroduced to the point/click genre with this game. So long as there are games out there like this one I will continue to play more of them.
76561198173041926,Recommended,255280,21215274,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,crawfordwheeler93,"I really enjoyed 1954 Alcatraz the artsitc style is gorgeous and the characters  are quite fleshed , but I wish I could have spent more time getting to know them. I'm not a contemptuous fanbuy, but I am a true gamer who appreciates a splendid  game. If you're curious about click and point games or a seasoned veteran you will like this game immensely"
76561198101527810,Recommended,255280,20887009,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Kinleyps,"Do not play this game if you are looking for fast easy gameplay. This is a rather slow-paced game that took me a good 17 hours to complete. This is a story-driven point and click game. I love it so much. You click and solve very tough and sometimes confusing puzzles to get your husband out of Alcatraz, this game adds a nice twist where you switch between characters, the husband and wife. They never make contact with eachother but for times. This game is worth the money, and your decisions actually have an impact on your ending. I would wholly recommend."
76561198162227458,Recommended,255280,20872535,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BenHaus,"really good game ! enjoyed playin' it, BUT it kinda freezes way to often so that i cant use anymore items in the current room and i have to force quit and restart the game."
,Recommended,255280,21249287,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ichorknight,"I had fun playing it, was easy enough to 100% the game, it had a solid and fun story with interesting characters each with unique personalities which is nice. Not much else to say...>.<"
76561198274566778,Recommended,255280,21707722,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,honeycat555,"very enjoyable game, not too difficult. no tech issues. Enjoy"
,Recommended,255280,21865966,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zwergenbart,"Not that bad but also not that extraordinary good. A bit too easy over all. Story, multiple endings, changing course of events depening on players decisions and gameplay are okay though. Achievements sometimes don't trigger properly. Would only recommend it if you get it in a bundle or with discount."
76561198026457506,Not Recommended,255280,21929694,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Frost12,"It's ok, if you like story-based games. Nothing special though. Worth maybe $5, but not $20."
,Recommended,255280,25597730,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,AV Archivist,"I had a bit of trouble getting immersed into this title but ultimately found myself enjoying it a great deal. There's some interesting variation on the play: while the core elements of the plot remain relatively unchanged, the player gets to decide who the characters really are. I found that refreshing.The story doesn't really feel at any point like it's about Joe, and I got the impression the voice actor was forced to read his lines out of context. That said, the story surrounding his wife is wonderful, progressive, and insightful with some strong voice acting and mature themes.Pleasant music throughout, a pleasing artst, and some novel design/writing choices make this a worthwhile title to experience."
,Recommended,255280,21182871,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,alexa_l._rufus,"I never wanted this game, but it was bundled with some games I wanted, and so it ended up in my library. There it laid hidden for a long time... Until I decided to give it a shot. My conclusion? It's probably the best game in that bundle (The Daedalic Armageddon Bundle) and is now one of my favourite games."
76561198045630846,Recommended,255280,30741252,Posted: 25 March,all,x4mer,"Really enjoyed this one.It's broken for Windows 10 despite the fact that it's only a few years old. Launching the game results in a blank display for about a half an hour till the game shows up. Looking at the discussion forum, I found posts saying to run it in Windows compatiblilty mode, with Steam overlay disabled. This worked fine, so I didn't bother trying to find settings that worked for me on my own. You just don't know if you got an achivement till after you close the game, since overlay is disabled.Atmosphere and language are well done for a game set in the '50s. Music is also well done. I would give it a ""Rated M for mature"" rating due to the content at numerous points. This lends to the realism of a prison based period piece. I really liked the mechanic of there being 2 stories going on at the same time, one inside and one outside.For achievemant hunters, there are 3 that are VERY unlikely to be obtained in the initial playthrough. Most missed ones are easily obtained by working from various save points, but three of them require specific action or you'll have to replay from the beginning,"
,Recommended,255280,22887705,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KingRStone,Great story and great music. But it's too short. 3 hrs for game with plot like this deserve for much longer history.8/10 just because of length.
76561197994971393,Recommended,255280,24605194,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Occupant,"This was quite a surprisingly good P&C adventure game. At first, with such cartooned art style, I was expecting something lighter. But it was surprisingly mature in its content. Not just gratuitously, either. It dealt with realistic and progressive ideas of relationships, sexuality, and lifestyle without being sensationalized.The plot was very good, and having two separate actors to advance in tandem toward the goals offered some interesting puzzles to solve. The acting was great, the music was great, and the art style was great.Hard not to recommend this game."
76561197975095058,Recommended,255280,24598764,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,_void_,Mildly interesting point and click for adults with a couple funny parts. Only found one major glitch that I found was impassable  that luckily I had an earlier save that I went to and was able to correct the sequence of events.
76561198094156376,Recommended,255280,26441613,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mantha,"Daedalic continues to deliver excellent adventure games. This is easily one of the best I've played. The story is compelling and flows very well, with straightforward puzzles and interesting dialogue. The characters actually make sense compared to some other Daedalic games. Compared to other Daedalic titles, it is much more serious and sombre, but that makes for an excellent, 5-ish hour experience. 8/10"
76561198092185746,Recommended,255280,26279521,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sobored13440,"Worth getting on sale, if your an achievement hunter will need to set some stuff up. The achievements wont pop without messing with files."
76561198082506595,Recommended,255280,30925336,Posted: 3 April,all,athorivoi,"Wow, what a great game. Deadalic has done it once more.First of all, the game looks and sounds beautiful.The music, the atmosphere, the design, the story and the characters are all top notch.The game trasports you to 1954 where you play an altartaz prisoner as well as his wife.The plot: plan the escape, from inside the prison as well as from the outside.If you like good point and click games, you must not pass this by.If I had to say a bad thing about the game, would be that it was a bit short.I finished it in around 6 hours.While the story finished without feeling rushed, I enjoyed the game so much that I wanted more."
,Recommended,255280,28877227,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,phillaco,"Not a bad game.  As far as adventure games go, it is pretty easy, but the story is decent and the art very good.  Also, it is pretty short.  I finished the game in about five hours."
76561198093739367,Recommended,255280,28837187,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alex B,"Hi, everyone! Really hope this review will actually be read and that it will help someoneSo, Alcatraz 1954, Daedalic entertainmentPoint and click adventures are my favourite ones actually, and I have quite a big experience in them. So. There are a few criteria, some main aspects that make these games good: plot, atmosphere, puzzles, soundtrackPLOTWe are... Surprise surorise... Escaping Alcatraz. That's all. 2 main characters, mafia, guns, prison. Not very excitng here, to be honest. 4/10AtmosphereLoved it. Every dialogue, every location is stylish. All characters are ""alive"" and seem real. The atmosphere of wesy cost, jazz, people of art... Very classy. So respect to developers, you never disappoint me 9/10PuzzlesLogical, straight-forward. So it was quite easy but not really impressive 4/10SoundtrackJazz, Real, beutiful jazz. The main song is quite good, and it actually builds up the atmosphere from the very beginning.9/10To sum up:it was enjoyable. A game for 2 days max6/10"
76561198083278573,Recommended,255280,30208453,Posted: 26 February,all,Nomicoe,"Feels like a telltale type game with a little more point and click. I havent gotten into it much, and am going to save it for a rainy day, but I recommend picking it up on sale if youre interested in this genre. No glitches or bugs so far, good voice acting, and well drawn/crafted backdrops. 8.0/10.(As always sorry for grammar)"
,Not Recommended,255280,30213311,Posted: 26 February,all,Bottlecaps,"AHHHH the good old point and click adventure game , 1954 alcatraz is a fairly new addition to the genre with a decent store and charcters but fails in alot of the aspects of exacution witch is ushaly oppasite in games , where they are fun to play but story and charcters ushaly take a step backGraphics: i didnt know this game came out in 2014 , id swear is came out early 2000s because it looks pretty bad , the backgrounds are pretty good but the charcter models are gawd awful and there are  afew graphical glitches with the background as well. the animations are just ugly and clunky , not pleasing to watchsound: the music is pretty good its got a good feel of epic and the time period. The voice acting how ever is pretty bad especialy Joe who is the MAIN CHARCTER every word he utters is so monotoned its awful , but none of the voice acting is particularly good NOT all of it was gawd awful like joes mind you more just OKstory: the story was pretty good you get to make  afew key choices near the end that shape the ending and it was pretty well writen even if some of the dialoge was crap the story never disspointed me , it was what i expected it to be witch predictability isnt really what you wanna go for with a story driven game but it dosent mean its bad,charcters : like the story i felt the charcters were well writen but diloge and performances were crap , each charcter was deeply flawed but also likeabale in their own way , alot had struggles of thier own to deal with and didnt just feel like throw awaysGameplay: its a point and click game , classic of classics genres , at least this games puzzles were practical for the most part makeing you feel smart when you complete somethingin conclusion: its an ok game slightly below average and im in the middle on it really rather than a no , its a game id recomend watching on youtube rather than buying because of its steep price , unless you like these kinds of games then by all means go ahead , but fr teh quality of the game and the price i cannot recomend this game , OH and achivments dont work so shame on that."
,Recommended,255280,31115836,Posted: 13 April,all,Bolivλr,"This is a good point and click game, very nice artwork,  good voice acting and a nice noir atmosphere. It´s a simple old school point and click, i mean, you click on things, find things and use the things in the right place.  I´ve playing point & click games since 90´s and i had a good time playing this game, it is worth it. The price tag imo is a bit high, you better get it if on sale."
76561197999759842,Not Recommended,255280,30350129,Posted: 5 March,all,Terry Bogard,"1954 Alcatraz is a pretty alright adventure game, as far as adventure games made past the 90's and early 00's go. The story is that you control either Joe or Christine and try to find a way for Joe to get off the island and Christine to not end up at the bottom of the bay as a result of her criminal connections.The era, dialogue, and characters are all interesting and well worth the price of admission for the game, but that's about all there is. The gameplay is very limited, much like the simplicity of Telltale titles but without anything being totally obvious. Aside from a few select choices, there's very little variation in the story. None of the puzzles are too perplexing, and work within realistic physics so no worry of chicken-pulleys here.Though, buyer beware, this game is not unlike Telltale titles in that it's buggy. I had one progress blocker where my character was stuck in a position unable to take any actions, and because it was a pseudo cutscene I couldn't pause to restart. Mind, this wasn't a crash, my character was still doing his breathing animation and the sounds were as though nothing had changed. In addition, there's a pretty widespread problem where the Steam achievements don't work, and the developer is delightfully ignoring this glaring, consistent, issue. There also doesn't seem like there'll be any patch to fix it, as I've had this title for about a year and so far nothing.In summary: The game would be good, worth about 5 bucks at the most, but only if a patch comes out that fixes most of the foreseeable bugs. Until then, this is a story you can ignore."
,Not Recommended,255280,30276673,Posted: 2 March,all,Matthew Carr,"I have to say the only reason to buy this title is if it is at least 75% off and you want to kill 5-6 hours.At full price I would have been very unhappy - Luckily my situation is as I mentioned above.It was cheap and I was bored.Personally I'm not really a fan of the '50s setting so thematically it wasn't off to a great start.If you like the 50's then it'll be fine for you, but the visuals and music were not something I particularly enjoyed.The gameplay itself is typical point and click, there's nothing groundbreaking here.mechanically I found it a bit annoying having to constantly press spacebar to bring up the interacable items - I feel that some sort of small highlight would have been both unintrusive and more intuitive.The ending... Well, that decision that comes up really shouldn't be there. It kind of robs the game of all the build up just to be presented with the question that essentially said ""Why'd you bother playing?""If you like point and click, and it's on sale - feel free to grab it.Otherwise I wouldn't bother."
,Recommended,255280,26037446,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zerknis,"What to expect:- unique setting/world- solid story and characters- well thought out puzzles- two switchable main characters- its own art styleWhat not to expect:- puzzles which brings you down to your knees- an incredible/breathtaking story- amazing graphicsWho it's aimed for:- fans of point and click adventure games, but also beginners- fans of retro kind of gamesDid I enoy it?Yes, definitely!"
,Recommended,255280,31092905,Posted: 12 April,all,Igor the Viking,"Getting past the technical issues, this is a point-and-click gemI'll start with the cons: Several people complained about achievements not popping up in windows 10, so before I started playing at my own risk, I decided to follow a community guide to a ""safe"" mode to avoid complications. These fixes include running the game in compatibility mode, running it as administrator and using windowed mode. It isn't complex, but worth mentioning in my review. Specially the ""windowed mode"" part, which I know can be a deal breaker for some.Getting past that, the game itself is great, the puzzles are usually fluid and very logical (when compared to many other games), the story is engaging and never felt boring (at least for me). I still got stuck a couple times, but during most of the gameplay, finding your next action is straight-forward and yet it still feels rewarding when you ""make the story go forward"". Being able to go back and forth between the 2 characters is a nice feature and the change of atmosphere contributes to keeping things fresh. There is even a (not very deep) ""decisions matter"" system and a small branch of choices at the end. Recommended."
76561198089917959,Recommended,255280,31268120,Posted: 20 April,all,Catastrophe553,Would break out of alcatraz again.
,Recommended,255280,31312415,Posted: 22 April,all,shamptoncole,A classic point & click adventure. Some adult themes.
,Recommended,255280,31313503,Posted: 22 April,all,Awesome Possum,"Not an overly complex point-and-click. Most of my ""play time"" was actually AFK making dinner, cleaning, forgetting I even had the game open time. There are no real puzzles. The story was kinda cute. The characters are certainly characters. The open-mindedness of the beatniks despite their era is refreshing. At times, the graphics are a little wonky, though not terrible. The music is pleasant, the voice acting is very natural.I like that there are some choices to make, though there are seemingly no real consequences for those different choices -- unless you're an achievement hunter (which I am, and I'm surprised at how few I obtained in one playthrough). In the end, there are two endings, one of which makes little sense. I mean, the idea of it makes sense; the execution doesn't.If you are an achievement hunter, I suggest using a guide or walkthrough.Comparing this to all the other Daedalic titles I've played, I'd say this was probably the lowest budget one. Still not too shabby, given that fact. Buy it on sale. It'll be a nice relaxing game for a couple nights of entertainment."
76561198135380543,Recommended,255280,31579094,Posted: 6 May,all,lyonsja,I liked this.
76561198081804585,Recommended,255280,32758076,Posted: 24 June,all,Apfelbox,"Only recommended on saleI had a very hard time to decide if I should recommend this game or not. There are a lot of positive properties but also a couple of bad.positiveThe Story (it may not be something new but it's still suspenseful)Voice ActingChoices matter - This is the biggest plus for me as there are diffferent endings depending on your choicesMultiple Solutions possibilities - also a very neat feature for a point & clicknegativegraphics & animation - I know a lot of people praise the graphics but there are a lot of times where the atmosphere just gets killed because of the lack of details. Maybe as a 2D game it would have been easier for the developers to create a more beautiful ambiance.Characters - Although I liked the story, most of the characters weren't likeable (this may be connected to the graphics/animation and the simple story)bugged achievements - if you are an achievement hunter you are going to have a bad timebugs overallcan't skip some dialogues"
76561198077719495,Recommended,255280,33441523,Posted: 10 July,all,babydollpinup,Loved this game for it's subtle adult humor and iconic Deadalic cartoon style graphics. I also loved the 1940's slang and dialogue which help build atmosphere.
,Recommended,255280,35043122,Posted: 18 September,all,Craylicia,I love this game! I finished it in a couple of hours. The voice acting is absolutely perfect. It really fits in with the mood. I hope that there's no sequel though haha. I think the game ended perfectly (13 endings). I hope that an artbook will be released though.Best wishes to the team!
,Recommended,255280,34240926,Posted: 14 August,all,Kenan The Lemon™,Guard's wife hit on me.10/10.
76561198122646282,Recommended,255280,34678211,Posted: 2 September,all,Sampson.Simpson,"It looks cheesy and low budget, but it's really not bad. I kinda dig the whole 1950's city culture thing. Plus, you get actual choices in the outcome of the story. Would reccomend as part of the daedalic bundle."
,Recommended,255280,34809933,Posted: 8 September,all,Reester,"Really like this game, the film noir setting adds to it's atmosphere.Will be playing this over again to see the ulternate endings !"
