user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011107573,Not Recommended,255370,8790023,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,cecilandblues,"It's an interesting idea that feels incomplete. This is a standard push the buttons with the music rhythm game. instead of the note highway or scrolling indicators this title uses a radial format combined with a fighting game aesthetic. Fighters enter the combat zone and rotate around you until moving to strike from one of the four cardinal directions and you press the corisponding button to stop them. There are 3 enemy types, denoted by color, which indicate on or off beat and multi button attacks. That's all there is though, just press buttons with the beat. It can get quite challenging at the higher settings, but not in a enjoyable way, the complexity never evolves. You are able to import your own music into the game allowing for some customizable fun. The core soundtrack is a bit 10 years ago, and the story is a bit of goofy fun. For the asking price of $10 I feel like it's not a bad deal if you are looking for a simple rhythm game with a fun aesthetic. It does not stack up to the greats in this genre, so buyer beware."
,Recommended,255370,8804313,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,RadKit,"If you're reading this you might be wondering: ""What the hell is a Kickbeat?""Kickbeat is a rythym game where you press keys, timed with the music, so your character kicks people in the face.I like to call these games (FFR, Stepmania 1,2, Beatmanina) tap rythym games. Because there's no instrument or dance pad. It's meant to be played with a controller or keyboard.I personally had been waiting for a game like this to come around for a long time, that is to say, a tap rythym game where there's something more interesting to look at than just arrows flying by the screen.The production value feels very high to me for a $9.99 out of the gate priced game, it's really a big treat. It looks great, it sounds great, it plays tight and its got an interesting well written and well voiced storyline that plays out twice through the songs. It's got difficulty settings and customization options that allow you to jump right in but still eventually take off your training wheels as you go for huge scores on mind bendingly tough difficulties for rankings on the leaderboards, and achivements that actually mean something.The playlist is 24 ""get-your-blood-pumping"" high b.p.m. songs ranging from Rap to Eletro to Nu Metal. Every single song is enjoyable and fun to play, there isn't a single one that I want to skip over and many that I want to play again and again.While this isn't nessicarily a game for every rythym gamer out there, with its low cost and realitively easy learning curve, I recommend picking it up if your interest is sparkked at all. Is it hardcore? Yes. Will it probably make you frustrated? Yes. Will you continue to come back to play more and more eventually mastering each song and having a huge feeling of accomplishment? Most certainly yes."
,Recommended,255370,12865862,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Keira Lunar,this game reminds me of the Keep the beat like games like Parapa the rappa back on the PS1  ah good times  any way this game ROCKS  the story is decent with nice art work the gameplay is solid with flashy graphics  and  simple and easy to understand controls and the Music just so AwesomeHOWEVER this game has a rather high difficulty curve and the turtoral won't really help out much as this game has very fast pace gameplayand sadly it has some rather nasty Bugs  one being and this is also a Recomendation to players DISABLE the Steam Overlay for this game unless you like the frame rate to drop every time you get an achevmentand i also like to say something about the mode not fetured in other versions of this game the  game mode where you can make your own stages up to me this is what i would call an expiermental  add on  simply due to the fact it would never ever reach the same qauality as the games main playlistbut all in all if you like to kick some minion butt  to the sounds of music this game is SO for youplus it has Massive Replay valueUpsgraphicsstorygameplaysoundtrackreplay value rewardsmehsleader boardexpiremental game modebadssteam overlay bugno multi player game moderather high difficulti curvefinal verdictan awsome keep the beat Kung-Fu gameif you like Gitar Hero or some other kind of keep the beat play style games  this is on i highly recomdend for youi give this game9/10
,Recommended,255370,8810888,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Timmy the Duck Thief,"KickButte Steam Edition is a good rhythm game. It's kicking my butte.Now I know why enV's songs from the ultimate butte gameElectronic Super Joyare in this game. Other songs are cool too, but ESJ's soundtrack is one of my favorites, so it's really nice to see it in KickButte. Oh, you can also play with your own songs.Buy it. Play it on normal difficulty. Then get your butte kicked on higher difficulties which aresometimesalways pretty insane."
,Not Recommended,255370,10248250,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Danzflor,"This game had so much potential. The concept is good, the art is trippy, the music selection is cool, but is unplayable, and in multiple ways.Just minutes after purchasing was suffering of random crashes in the middle of a cutscene or song while playing and had to do multiple restarts of the app. Not to mention, the game has a really off timing. Yeah, sure, you can get ""used to it"" but it doesn't feel fair and no other quality rhythm game out there forces you to play like that, hell, I'd be better playing without any audio!As a seasoned veteran in all things DDR, PIU, beatmania, Guitar Hero and stuff, this was really a dissapointment, most of all coming from cool guys like Zen Studios, who I love for they pinball games. Next time, better put a sync button on the options or something, don't force people to play your way, make the game fluid, like it should. For now, it's an unplayable disaster and you would have much more fun playing Stepmania for free on your PC.Enjoy the money Zen, you don't deserve it."
,Not Recommended,255370,8788131,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,HaikenEdge,"Despite being a music/rhythm game, the key inputs often don't actually sync up with the beat or the melody, making timing inputs sometimes ridiculously difficult. While conceptually interesting, the game ultimately fails in execution, becoming an exercise in frustration.Furthermore, the advertised ""Beat Your Music"" mode advertised by the game requires players to manually find the beat to a song, even if the game does provide a rudimentary method of finding it via a system where the player must press a key in time to what they feel is the beat, as opposed to using software to automatically detect a track's BPM.Ultimately, KickBeat is a game with an interesting concept plagued by a failure of execution. Those interested in a proper rhythm game should consider something like the freeware Dance With Intensity, which is generally better than KickBeat, even it does not present itself as a rhythm-based fighting game.4/10"
,Not Recommended,255370,9164587,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Polly,"Good idea: Making a rhythm game where the beatmaps make sense and, if they're needed, visual cues are unobstructed.Bad idea: Making a rhythm game where the beatmaps seem to follow random elements and instruments of each song, sometimes changing multiple times throughout any one verse or chorus. A verse, for instance, could start following the drums on the downbeat, then suddenly switch to following the guitar riff, or the vocalists' phrasings, then switch for the bassline for some reason. Also, mae sure that the visual cues are obstructed and entirely difficult to follow with bad camera angles and full character models blocking the playfield.KickBeat is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I didn't need to play it more than 15 minutes to realize that was $7 wasted."
,Recommended,255370,15729507,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ArikaStack,"There are alot of gripes about this game, and alot of things that hold it back, but it's important to understand what you're getting into here.First and foremost, I'll start with the bad.The game had alot of features cut. I'm sure the developers would have liked to add advanced track editing, more songs, more characters, more anything, really. It's a game that aspired to be the best, and while it's good, it fell short of staying in the spotlight due to the aforementioned issues.The good:Kickbeat features something that most rhythm games don't have, especially among those that try to bend genres to include a wider audience (I'm looking at you, Audiosurf). At its heart, it's a competitive game. It's a hard game. It's one of the few rhythm games out there that has a scoring system which means something. If you can six-star a song on master, you can post a video on Youtube, and and proceed to feel good about it. This isn't a game that you zone out and play. At least not if you want to do well. At the same time, the game's not impossible, nor is it inaccessible. It incorporates a few ideas, but it doesn't make the gameplay awkward. It's simple, but different, and in this case, it works. The developers made sure that this game ran well, and of course felt good to play. What it skimmed on with features, it more than made up for with a good core.Getting good at the game is hard, and for some people, just being able to play it is hard. Kickbeat's story mode does a great job of at least making you able to. It's cute. It's funny. It'll make you stop and ask yourself why most games try so hard with their stories.Rating the value of a competitive rhythm game is hard, especially one that's well aged. I won't. If you play Kickbeat, from start to finish, you'll at least get 10 hours out of it, which isn't bad for the price. If you put it down because it's too hard after two, I guess I failed to warn you enough. The music selection is also one of the best I've heard in any rhythm game out there. They used good artists, and the tracks fit the gameplay well.Lastly, I feel like I should touch on this, as it's the most important point of all. Do you like the concept of rhythm games, but feel like they're too pointless, are just for ♥♥♥♥♥♥y, and also like watching martial arts combat too intense for modern kung-fu movies? If you answered yes, I'm afraid you need to buy Kickbeat, because even with all of its flaws, this is the best rhythm game on the market for someone who doesn't want to either zone out and fall asleep, or play Osu! all the time."
,Recommended,255370,11145571,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,MissBunny,"Kickbeat is a really fun game, if you have the patience to get over a learning curve. It’s a bit hard at first, but if you stick with it, it’s a fun play. Imagine something like Sequence or DDR on a keyboard. The story is cheesy, the graphics are beautiful. You play as a ninja whose moves are determined by your pecking at the keyboard in a colored correspondence to music. The music is mostly rock from bands you’ve probably never heard of sprinkled with a little Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson as well. It’s a refreshing take on the whole DDR for lazy people genre. Worth a play if you’re into these types of games. If you’re looking for humor, go with Sequence, if you’re looking for variety of music, go for Kickbeat. 7/10"
,Recommended,255370,9650900,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Kickbeat is a simple rhythm game enriched with martial arts. The result is an intuitive, maybe too simple and poor but very challenging game.I got hooked on it, mainly because of a great soundtrack. While the intriguing fighting game veneer manages to frame the gameplay in a clever way, the mechanics never actually evolve beyond the standard ""hit this button at this time"" formula.KickBeat isn't going to revolutionise the rhythm-action genre, but it nonetheless provides another perfectly solid, perfectly enjoyable opportunity to get into the flow of your music and have some rhythmic fun."
,Recommended,255370,17991561,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Vatt'ghern,"Just played Lee's Story at Normal - Mei's story at HardIf only would there be more story, maybe get that grandpa make some kung fu moves.I would recommend everyone who likes atleast little bit guitar hero kinda games.or who likes to tap arrow keys ( or keys which you ever decide to bind them ) in rhytm"
,Recommended,255370,8899085,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Zachman270,"Kickbeat is a lot of fun, with decent replayability. A nice tracklist too. A good amount of techno, industrial, and metal.Using a keyboard, I've 5 starred all songs on normal and most on hard, but once you get into expert mode this game becomes hard as hell. I also played with a keyboard that did not like when I hit three buttons (arrow keys, specifically. It accepted 3 button input with WASD keys.)It would have been nice to have a new tracklist for the second character, Mei, rather than just replaying the same exact songs again.It's cool, however, to be able to see everything that's actually happening on the screen, unlike rhythm games such as Guitar Hero or Rock Band, where you are too focused on the song most of the time to be able to pay attention to what's going on in the background. I found myself getting really into some of the songs because it was fun to watch your character to do kung-fu to industrial metal.I have not tried the beatmaker. Didn't really want to make the time. It'd be awesome if Kickbeat went the Audiosurf route and generated a match by pre-analyzing the selected track for beat, pace, etc.My only major gripe with the game is when there are a lot of enemies on screen, it is EXTREMELY hard to tell where the they (mainly the blue dudes) are going to hit you next. The 4 colored buttons became blocked on occasion, and even if for a split second, it killed my huge combos. They can be turned off under settings, but I don't recommend this on higher difficulties unless you're confident enough to be able to follow the beat perfectly and you have the reflexes of a cat on meth.Overall, Kickbeat is a ton of fun, it's eye candy, and it's well worth the $10."
,Recommended,255370,8794291,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Greav,"This game is somewhat interesting. It combines martial arts with music. It's a combat game with events based on the beat rhytm. Similar to Audiosurf and Beat Hazard. Except that here you are in the arena, surrounded by mobs that are gonna try to kick your♥♥♥♥♥ Game feels rather challenging to me. With multiple difficulties for each beat. Enriched with power-ups, score multipliers... The game also allows you to use your own language, where you can predefine the general idea of the beat pattern. I am looking forward to play tens to hundreds of hours while listening to my favourite music. It is not game for everyone, but if you are the one, it sure does entertain you, and challenge you."
,Not Recommended,255370,10433854,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,NIGHTWOLF199,"I wouldn't recommend this game to people who like to play rhythm games. Firstly the soundtrack that the game comes with is ok, it's not bad but it certainly isn't that great either, but this will most likely depend on your music tastes. The tracks tend to be a mix of techno, electronic with some rock/metal elements to them. It would seem that the ability to play your own music is a great asset of this game however this particular feature falls very short. This is due to the fact that when selecting a song to add to the game you have to go through a beat calulator process by which you manually tap spacebar to the rhythm of 3 different sections of the song. The beats per minute are capped at a certain level so you can't just go crazy with the system. Equally probably the most annoying thing is that you can add any track you like however if the track is longer than 6 minutes anything past the 6 minute mark will be cut off entirely. These 2 flaws don't really make the add your own music feature appealing and the system for calculating beats doesn't work all that well in fitting enemy timing with the song rhythm and comes of rather clunky.If you are looking for a good rhythm game I would recommend avoiding this title particularly if you wish to play your own music."
,Not Recommended,255370,10016618,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mork,"if you've ever played with a hand-held game of Simon by milton bradley (and didn't rage afterwards), this game's for you.i like the concept of adding rhythm to the old MB idea but its required REACTION time to press buttons is TOO rigid.the slider on that built-in metronome doesn't allow you slack for syncopation either.remember, we're human beings, not machines... our timing is NOT digital --- this game should allow for a bit of syncopation like most modern karaoke console does for singers.i like it but I'm a bit torn.for now, as it is --- it's not worth $9... maybe $5."
,Recommended,255370,8885717,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Otter Chaos,"A mindlessly fun game for when you don't want to think too much.  If you're old enough to remember the game Simon, well, there you have it."
,Recommended,255370,8797255,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Xersues,"Really enjoyable and great selection of music. Animations can get repetitive and the story is ""there"", but really the appeal is the gameplay/unlockables for me. Great for the price, even better when on sale. WARNING: GAME TAKES A WHILE TO GET USED TO! It doesn't act like a music simulator or guitar hero, its a fighting game set to music and the timings are unique to this game. Don't get easily frutrated! Keep practicing!I would say it is definitely difficult, play on normal, get used to it, amp it up along the way.Kind of seems like a game that should have been released 8 years ago with the rest of the music game craze... Glad it is finally here :) This was the only music game I am actually good at."
76561198035786120,Recommended,255370,8793127,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,SleepyKirin,Hahah this game is hard as hell and i love it the rythem the music the fighting A++ i love this game
,Recommended,255370,10499722,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,yourfemfatal,3 hours later. . .Beat the game. and wishing there was more...OH WAIT THERE IS!!!!besides having an orginal storyline thats about 3 hours long...  you can add your own music and have continious fun XD I DIG IT. screw guitar hero XDAND THIS GAME IS NOT EASY.. lol which also makes it funnnn :D
76561198051317669,Recommended,255370,10435252,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Nice Puppies,"This is a good addition to the genre of good music driven video games such as Audiosurf 2, Audiosurf 1, and Beat Hazard. It is also quite similar to another great game called One Finger Death Punch. KickBeat combines martial arts fighting and music to create a solid game. The game has a single player campaign Story Mode where you play through all of the songs that come with the game. First as a male character. And then as a female character. As you keep playing and get better scores on the songs that come with the game, you unlock more characters that you can play as. And you also unlock more outfits for the existing characters. You can of course also play this game with your own music files as well. Although in this game, you need to manually set the beats per minute for each custom song that you want to use. Although the game makes it fairly easy for you to do that. The game plays a 15 second section from the start, middle, and end of the song. And all you have to do is just tap the Space bar to the beat of the song. Then you can listen to the final result to make sure that the beats are set properly with the song. Then the song is ready to be played in the game. The game has selectable difficulty levels so you can choose how difficult you want any song to be. It may take some time to get used to playing KickBeat at first because the in game tutorial doesn't really prepare you very well. But keep practicing and you'll learn how to play the game. If you like music driven games like Audiosurf 2, Audiosurf 1, and Beat Hazard, then I recommend KickBeat"
,Recommended,255370,8799810,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TheShogun,"KickBeat is a smart way of putting rythm games and action toghether to make a game both fun and attractive to the not so well-known rythm game genre.While the game mechanics are simple (use your arrows to hit enemies and use your powerups every so often) it is still a rythm game, which translates into practice makes perfect and it will constantly find ways to challange you.Not everything is cool though, the selection of songs is a bit lacking and even though I personaly like the repertoire of songs I believe not everyone would and the Beat Your Music mode doesnt let you fully edit your tracks which most likely result in unsynced gameplay that one cant fully enjoy.All in all the game is great, if you find yourself liking the songs and feel like trying something different then by all means this game will be of your like!"
,Recommended,255370,8796888,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Radact,"Hectic awesome Kung-Fu-ness, with a simple but great (and somewhat humourous) story, fairly pretty graphics and phenomenal rythmn-game gameplay.Very impressive soundtrack too!Extremely Awesome - DO BUY!And for 10-12 AUSD$ it is freaking unbelievable.P.S. There is a level where you Kung-Fu against a helicopter to a Rob Zombie song... WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED TO HEAR???"
,Recommended,255370,8797762,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Silly,"For less than 10€, this game gives you what you pay for. There are some known artists in the tracklist which is great for the price and the gameplay is decent. Not fantastic, but it'll keep you busy for a while. The storyline seems terribly goofy, but hey, you don't buy these kinds of game for a story anyway."
,Recommended,255370,8957624,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,mark | dj.,"KickBeat is the Guitar Hero version of fighting games. And it's a hectic one, let me tell you. There are 2 storylines to tell, but if you played through one of these stories you've heard all of the music so the second one isn't as much fun. But the story is genuinely funny and the music is pretty good, even if it's not what I normally listen to.So you'll be fighting off enemies while music is playing, and with every produced beat you have to press a button, or multiple buttons, Do it right, and you'll create a nice combo resulting in more points, but fail and you'll get the mininum amount of points.The music is up tempo so if you mess up once it will occasionally take several seconds to focus and recover, even if you're completely focused. Thankfully, there are power-ups to be earned and you'll need them to survive. If your health drops to 0, you have to start all over. Use power-ups to regain health, score more points or create a shield.Playing on 'normal' anyone can complete the game, and it will take a lot of skill to complete these on higher difficulties. Especially the last boss fight had a big difficulty spike. Good luck with that ! So if you're the competitive type, this might just be for you.Kickbeat is an enjoyable game that's absolutely worth it. But play it with a controller and save yourself some frustration. Just a friendly word of advice.[Rating: 72/100]"
,Recommended,255370,8794888,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Hellz-VIP,"Brilliant indie game, i can see alot of time being spent trying to get 5 stars on each track, the songs are a good mix from Dance/DnB/Techno to Rock/Metal and some in between! You can even put your own MP3's in and try playing to your own tunes (Once you have completed the first area). The way you play is simple but ingenius, you press the buttons at the right time as you would if you were playing Guitar Hero or a game of that genre, i do recommend playing with an Xbox controller though as although playing with keyboard is not impossible the controller does make it much easier!"
,Recommended,255370,8792007,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jessica's Panties,"Pretty much as addicting as Guitar Hero was during it's peak popularity. The music choice is varied, and your bound to find a song you like, plus it allows you to add your own songs! How sweet is that."
,Not Recommended,255370,8805317,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caeser,"A rehash of DDR with fighting animations for flair. In all honesty you are better of playing beatmania if you want to find plenty of tracks and decent matching of the music and the inputs, as the animation get dull after your 3rd song and after that the radial scrolling just becomes obnoxiousNot much work was put into making the custom songs very... customizable.   At the end of the day you may as well be playing any other arrow based ryhtm game out there, as they most certaintly do a better job of making good inputs for the song.    Heck, here is a free one.http://www.flashflashrevolution.com/FFR_the_Game.php"
,Recommended,255370,8872042,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,memes,"To those who are not aware, music based games have moved on from Guitar Hero/Rockband clones, and have taken aspects from loads of different games, adding rhythm based mechanics over these. For PC gamers, this pot is starting to fill nicely, with games such as Audiosurf and Beat Hazard, who take ideas from old games like Asteroids and Wipeout. Kickbeat combines two genres that haven’t really had the same success as the earlier examples; the Music Fighting genre.In its simplest terms, Kickbeat requires you to hit 4 buttons in rhythm to generic ninja soldiers coming towards you, all of which is in time to a piece of music. The variety in enemies is pretty poor, but as a game with 4 buttons, it would be difficult to see how they could improve this without changing mechanics.The story mode of music games is often non-existent; look at the BIT.TRIP games, and tell me that any discernible story is given. Kickbeat tries to remedy this with a set of licensed tracks that come with the game, by artists like Pendulum and Marilyn Manson. Even with their best efforts, the story is just a thin film over the “complete these five tracks to unlock some more” system.From the perspective of Kickbeat being a fighting game… you’re gonna be disappointed. The game’s mechanics are the same as you will find in DDR, or any other dance mat game. The true fun you’ll find in Kickbeat comes from the fact that you can “fight” to your own tracks.Yup. In the same vain as many of these music based games, due to not everyone having the same taste in tracks, you can import your own music into the game, and play the same way you can with the included tracks; although it takes a bit of setting up. Unfortunately, there seems to be effectively no detection algorithm used in Kickbeat to find BPM, or track intensity, instead relying on the “tap a button to the beat of the track” before you can play. Due to the game requiring lots of accuracy, it is incredibly annoying when the game is offsetting every beat by a fraction of a second compared to the music you’re hearing. The scale used to change when each beat happens is arbitrary, meaning you’re really using trial and error to see if the two tracks line up.Kickbeat Promo 3So far it seems that all I’ve said has been pessimistic, but this game’s real quality comes from how, when you’ve spent your time making sure the game matches up sound and visuals, and you’ve learned all the small annoying traits each mechanic has, and you find yourself in a sort of “zone” the game feels great, the music matches the dynamics of the enemies perfectly, and you can just play and play for hours on end…Until you try playing it on anything other than the lowest difficulty.The way the game shows you which button you should press is confusing as hell for the first few levels. The enemies circle around you for a few beats before attacking you, when you need to counter them. This means that you need to remember which order they entered your “inner circle” and how long ago that was, to counter them perfectly. When you try playing on harder difficulties, this becomes nigh on impossible, especially as you have to sometimes hit three buttons simultaneously, or take 3 hits on your health.I’m not the best at fighting games, or precision rhythm games, but I’d say from the perspective of the average gamer, Kickbeat is a hassle to set up, has no useful story mode, and no multiplayer function.Yet despite all this, I love it. Kickbeat has made me reach into my music library, and find some hidden gems that match the aesthetic perfectly. The game is effectively never ending, as any music you can play on your PC, you can play on your screen.Rating: 7/10 - A huge amount of fun, if you’re happy to have an almost finished rhythm game, and have a LARGE library to play through."
76561197993433030,Recommended,255370,8804390,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,geronimop,"Not many action games have that quality that calm your nerves instead of getting your heart racing, granted only if you are successful in understanding this game's mechanics. After a round of twitch-gaming like first person shooters, I find this game actually brings me back in focus. Almost like a zen garden for gamers. Even with its heavier beats and fast moments, nailing the patterns, half beats, double and triple beats, and hold moves is almost therapeutic. The music is suprisingly nostalgic and I find it superfluously fitting even if some tracks are older. I relish hearing them again. KickBeat accomplishes a unique and welcomed change with it's kung-fu action visualization to higher-bpm-type music. I find myself replaying levels to edge in the better scores, nail every perfect, and maximizng the use of items.An absolutely solid value for the above alone. Add in the beat maker options, leaderboards, unlockables, I would easily have paid twice as much and been satisified with the cost.I use a z-board game-pad as well as arcade buttons which enhance my experience. I plan to play this game for a while and look forward to a sequel. Please Zen Studios. I hope to see more intricate kung-fu, maybe throw in some other Martial Art styles like Capoeira or jiu-Jitsu."
76561198011171681,Recommended,255370,8804208,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Medicius,"I like rhythm games.  I enjoy them even more when they have my kind of music to play to.  But as others have said, some of these songs do not match beats well.  Now, when you get to use your own music and you go through the creation of a track, it breaks up the song into three parts.  I think this is an apt description of what felt like mismatched beats in the regular game.  It isn't that the songs are match well, it's just that the game isn't built dynamically enough.  For instance, the P.O.D. track.  It hit perfrectly in some spot, most actually, but then I'd find myself hitting a button expecting a beat and there was nothing.  Then I'd have a blast of button presses that didn't quite match up to my interpretation of the beat.All that said, I think the game is a blast.  I'd recommend buying it if you enjoy rhythm or beat games.I just hope they increase the functionality of the make your own track area and look at putting in a more dynamic beat system."
,Recommended,255370,8814525,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Cursed Sins,"This game is strangely addictive, there is something so fun about fighting waves of enemies to your music. The only problem I have is trying to figure out the Beats Per Minute but those can be found online easily enough. The game is so fun if you are into rhythm games."
76561198021799817,Recommended,255370,8803908,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Articviv,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this
,Not Recommended,255370,8970419,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MastaTGT,"I LOVE rhythm games and I am extremely interested in the concept of this game. The songs are interesting and fresh. They are not regular songs you would normally hear in most games or anywhere for that matter. The flow of the cgi is great. The characters look nicely developed. The cool moves the character does throughout the game is fricken awesome too. The difficulty levels do grow significantly, at least -  you notice they change as you switch through the difficulties. There are different modes. You can play storymode, survival mode, training, and even play to your own beats.The reason why I do not recommend this game is because of the actual gameplay. I like the concept of the character being in the center and the baddies slowly coming towards him however I find it difficult to time the buttons. Perhaps its just me not grasping the beats from the music, I find myself relying on the indicators of when the baddie is in place for me to hit them. When they step towards you the panel theyre on illuminates with color. If I didn't have that to help me I would probably have more trouble with this game. I have put a bit of time into it so I think I'm getting better. I also notice when you play, theres an animation of the baddie flying towards your screen which can also be troublesome when your trying to get the next beat.It also feels like theres a lot going on, on the screen because the camera angle changes throughout the game, there are bad guys circling around you. It just seems a bit.. messy?... I'm not sure of the word I'm looking for.I do know that if you really want to try out this game because of the genre or its idea, and you have the extra money, I would recommend purchase this game. I do not regret getting it though, it is fun and I personally find it to be a challenge :]"
,Recommended,255370,9132891,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kiht,"A rhythm game where you hit the button when the game dictates you to do so with flashy kung fu visuals to make you feel like you are really kicking butt with a theme song playing. I recommend you check out the soundtrack before purchasing the game to make sure that you receive maximum enjoyment out of the game, as the storymode song list cannot be changed and while there is a way to play your own custom songs, I find the BPM Calculator to be a rather terrible way to try and calculate the beat for your own songs. This is because it only calculates BPM change at the beginning, middle, and end of the song, so if you find a song that changes BPM frequently, you may have trouble playing it; or, in my case, any song because you are slightly rhythmically challenged. Overall, though, I would recommend this game as I enjoyed the soundtrack, the story, and the gameplay, finding only the BPM Calculator to be a major flaw slightly due to design, mostly due to user failure."
,Recommended,255370,8873511,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Dave Tacitus,Difficult to begin with but suddenly everything clicked into place and KickBeat became a mighty rhythm game.
76561197974055758,Recommended,255370,8841749,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Puschel the Squirrel,"A Use-your-own-Music - Rhythm Game done right. Simple Gameplay, but it looks cool and has just the right feeling!"
,Recommended,255370,15406986,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Picks 'n' Kicks (Terrum),"For the game to work, you really need to have beats in your music and know how to set the correct kind of settings for your custom music, if you plan to use it for such that is. The negative reviewers I've seen just seem to give it a low mark simply because of this, and really its their own fault for not being able to set it up properly.As for my review, this game has top marks from me as you would never usually see this type of thing related to rock and dance music - perhaps soundtrack music, but not in most cases. Zen Studios have really outdone themselves with making a game like this and I recommend it to everyone!"
76561198016284576,Recommended,255370,8867154,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,zooro ♛,very good
,Recommended,255370,10196459,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Warthog,"Great rhythm game. Only downside is the ""beat your own music"" gameplay.You might be used to other music games where the level or gameplay is generated depending on which mp3 you use... not this game. You have to manually ""tap to the beat"" to program the gameplay yourself.Life sucks, get a crash helmet you might say? This was a huge let down for me. In addition, you can't beat your own music if the song is too long. I would love to throw in NOFX's ""The Decline"" or even Pink Floyds ""Echoes"" but NOPE.Yes I recommend it for all you rhythm game addicts however don't feel let down about having to manually program your own songs into it.I really wanted to program in ""The Last Dragon"" theme somg but it's too dang long.....7 minutes long."
,Recommended,255370,8799592,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Newt Poorpocket McNewhols,I LOVE IT! *-* It's so awesome that you can use your own music
,Recommended,255370,8803108,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mimic The Shadow,"I've been waiting for this to come out on Steam for quite some time, And I can honestly say it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,255370,8816364,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Saxxy!,The first rhythm game i've actually enjoyed.
,Recommended,255370,8919288,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Raktora,"This game is absolutely AMAZING!!! If you're a very musical person that has a broad and far taste in music then I'll tell you this game is for you! Although, you MUST have rhythm. Me personally I'm a 6-7 year drummer, so I have fairly good rhythm but I still do find this game VERY challenging. This game is filled with a whole lot of different genres of music varying house, trance, rock, hip hop, RnB, Metal, Rap. So there's something for everyone!!!If you do get this game, I do recommend doing the 3 tutorials first. It REALLY helps! Don't be ""THAT GUY"" that thinks ""Oh I'm a hardcore gamer that's also very musical, I can handle anything!"" Don't be him. Actually... Don't be me then.Playing on a standard difficulty can be very entertaining with it being really repetitive, but not only that but also the skill to having to hit the button RIGHT ON TIME to get a perfect score.This isn't the only part of the game that is amazing... There's more!Once you complete certain levels or challenges you can unlock different modes such as the 'Beat Your Music' Mode. You can upload your own music into the game and dance to it on a normal, hard, expert or master difficulty! This can become REALLY entertaining for everybody, so I do suggest trying it out!All in all, this game is pretty amazing if you're musical or even just LOVE music. If not, then I don't think this game is for you.Vote this up if it convinced you in getting this game :)"
,Recommended,255370,8818889,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Blood Jello,"I am not really into rhythm games but this one got my eyes on it for the gameplay change. But well, in the end its just another button smasher music game, not the best but enjoyable.I recommend it if you are new to rhythm game or looking for something fresh to play.+Include some flashy martial art moves which is also the selling point of this game.+The graphic and art style look great.+Customable track which is really nice and offer replaybility.+Has story.+9euro is somewhat reasonable.+Trading card available and has 7 cards.The only point that bugging me is:-The game keeps crashing on me, i couldnt finish a song without crash at least once.-Getting repetitive as you play like other rhythm games.-Lack multiplayers"
,Recommended,255370,8905605,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Alestra,"A unique spin on the game genre that brought you Dance Dance Revolution, Flash Flash Revolution and Boom Boom Rocket; Kickbeat is enjoyable if not just for the music. Originally released on the PS Vita and PS3: Zen Studios has released Kickbeat on Steam.This is not your typical music & rhythm game where you are following arrows across the screen. It is action packed and fast paced, using fighting sequences to illustrate your ability to have good timing while enjoying their music or yours!While the story line is a bit of a weak front for all the action, the soundtrack they picked for this game is phenomenal. With artists such as Env, Blue Stahli and Rob Zombie, Kickbeat quickly immerses you into the rhythm. Now Zen Studios just needs to release a game soundtrack.It is a major plus to add your own music to play along with. However I found it difficult to use the timer to get the beat down to give the game the same flow as the built in music. This is where the community comes in on the Zen Studios forums. Many players are posting the settings for some of the songs they’ve played. While your dusty copy of La Bouche might not find itself here, you can find popular titles such as Gentleman by Psy, Radioactive by Imagine Dragons and hundreds more.One of the gems of Kickbeat are the ‘boss’ fights. They are presented in a unique and entertaining manner as they deviate from the fighting humanoid npc’s. This can really mess up your timing if you are graphically inclined. However, kicking rockets off a helipad while overlooking the city, listening to Rob Zombie, is rather enjoyable.If you enjoy music and rhythm games I highly recommend picking up Kickbeat on Steam."
,Recommended,255370,8930179,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Giancarlo84,Love this game a lot. Mixing music with martial arts is very fun. The only thing I didn’t like much is that Mei story has the same stages and song than Lee. Wish they could have done something different. Still…great game.
76561198131039434,Recommended,255370,10186760,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,SeLFie ¬ Razer 2014,"****BEAWARE ADDICTIVE****""KickBeat Steam Edition is FUN FUN FUN till your fingers bleed!""I used to play Guitar Hero on the PS2 and PS3, and now I have a match for the PC platform that can make you loose track of time!5* for this game!"
,Recommended,255370,8890836,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mianki,"This is a game that is both annoying and pretty fun.I'll try to explain the gameplay mechanics briefly:This is a rhythm game with 4 buttons. The enemies attack from 4 different directions and you have to press the same button where the attacker comes from. For example, enemy comes from up so you'll press up. You can tell which button to press in advance because the next attacker is glowing white. The enemies attacks are in sync with the music and there a total of 3 different enemy types.The button presses feels good and there's no problem there. But what annoys me is that there's sometimes so much light effects in the background so it can disturb your visual feed so much so that it's really hard to see the next attacker. The white glow of the enemy sometimes blends in with the bright background too. That makes it feel unfair because it's really really hard to get a perfect on the first few runs. Sometimes even a enemy flies to the screen for a brief second covering about 30% of the screen. It's a very brief second but still a distraction.Second thing that annoys me is the inconsistency when the glowing white appears on enemies. For example: when a attacker starts coming, the white glow appears 2-3 seconds before the attack. And after his attack, the next attacker comes right after him and the white glow appears right before his attack. This made me press buttons early because I saw a white glow lighting up so I thought a attack comes right then. When the attack comes right after the previous attack, there's sometimes very little time to react to it.The game requires almost your full attention and the learning curve is high, but it can be really enjoyable. You'll start jamming if a familiar song starts playing and you'll get great satisfaction when you finally beat a difficult song.I just feel that if there would have been less effects and the white glow on enemies would have been highlighted more, this game would feel more fair to play and much more fun.The game is worth it's price tag and the gameplay mechanics are great. On a scale of 1-10, I'll give this 6/10.Video example of how the white glow of the enemies can be hard to see:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1hOAaIfpBE"
,Recommended,255370,8793188,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Toshley,Good fighting/rythm hybrid game. Quite fun.
,Recommended,255370,8793547,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Leonoscar DiCaprio,"It's been a while since I've played a rhythm game, but this is just what I needed right now! More Dance Dance Revolution in it's approach to gameplay than say a Guitar Hero type game, but the tracks cover a fair amount of ground. Great production value too, with slick menus and enjoyable storytelling done through comics with charming writing.I would love to see some more sound effects when you land punches and kicks, especially when the action cuts away for those bullet time special moves. So far, everything else makes this game a real winner."
,Recommended,255370,8792185,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Manturkey,THIS GAME IS AWESOME! If you were a fan of guitar hero or rock band you'll love this game! the graphics are pretty good and the music fits the game perfectly! The main story line to the game is fun with a good sense of humor and the song list is sweet! If you want the most out of $10.00 this is where you should spend it! I have come across some issuses (graphical erroes with some attacks and the game crashing) but overall this is game great 8.5/10! This feels like the good ol' days of music gaming :)
,Recommended,255370,8790798,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sicuro,What a Game. This game is harder then it looks. Love the music. Its was worth the price....
76561197976963266,Recommended,255370,8793620,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Krystara43,"after spendina little bit of time with this its safe to say   this is a pretty good entry into the music based  game genre.  the core gameplay  reminds me very much  of pioneers in the genre like Parappa the rapper and  Umjammer Lammy,  with you  pressing  buttons  as prompted in time with the beat  its a simple and effective  gameplay model,  but not overly simple   and unlike  parappa and lammy  its limited to  4 buttons. The game uses the color coding of the xbox 360 controller  which is a layout most gamers are familiar with.  so far i have only found one  minor drawback to the gameplay formula  and that a color conflict between  beat patterns  and button press indicatorsthe game color codes the  ""enemies""  your kung fu  master is trying to beat up  in three color sets  yellow which hits you in time with the beat, blue which hit on the half beat, and red which hit you from two different directions  on the same beat this causes a minor conflict with the 4 button indicators  which are collored yellow (for up or ""Y"" on  a 360 controller) red(for right or ""B"" on  a 360 controller), green (for down or ""A"" on  a 360 controller)and blue(for left or ""X"" on  a 360 controller)yes its an issue but a pretty minor one that doesnt detract from the gameplay muchthe soundtrack from the game is awesome  with some very good tracks although the theme may turn off some players given the music is from rap, metal and techno genres with artists like Marilyn Manson, P.O.D. and Celldweller(this was a huge  attention grabber for me)another interesting thing is the game boasts about being able to use your own music  and this was something that attracted me to the game as well but its not as well implemented feature  as it is in other music games like Audiosurf and turba, this is mainly due to the fact that it requires some user input to  utilize your own tracks  but the potential is there for users much more skilled in this area than i am to make some amazing  levels for the gameover all 8/10 a very solid buy and well worth the current price of entry"
,Recommended,255370,8794183,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Demon,"I've only played 3 hours and its night one, I'll review if this changes much but I dont think it will as long as things move forward on this project.Grade A top tier rythm game. Love it, nearly as much as beat hazard or GH/RB in its prime.  The idea is perfect, the story is creative, and the action is fun to watch and get down to with some sick music.  So far I have spent some time in the use your own song section and for me it could use a lot of work.  Beat hazard is awesome because it's all programmed in, the best GH/RB has is DLC, so it's a win/lose situation.  Its free, but I seem to take invisible hits on custome made songs and the creation process is rather difficult to me because im not as rythmic as bobby mcfarren.  This game though with what it comes prepackaged with is worth it though.All that being said, I try and stear clear of early access games bit some I cannot.  This game was one of them and I am not dissapointed.All of that added I would recommend this game to people that are fan's of the theme (kung fu) or type (music/rythm)"
,Recommended,255370,12468409,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rita the Fox,"It was the frist game i played inside this kind of games, but i can say i loved it. The gameplay i hard at the beggneing, but when you get the hand of it you will actually enjoy this game. A lot.It comes with Story Mod, which is also pretty cool, with two different playable Character (another 2 that later you'll unlock by getting all the stars), but the songs and enviroments on the story of each character are the same, so there isn't much diversity in that.The beat your own music freature is a good concept, but needs to be developed a little bit more. It's confusing and we can't customize our songs to looks as good as the ones that came with the game.The more you progress and win more stars on each track  on different difficultys, you'll unlock rewards, which mainly are skins for the playable character.I'd say this is a game worth to buy"
,Not Recommended,255370,8802156,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Vandragorax,"I had to put the controller down after 10 frustrating minutes.  Disappointing.  I play a LOT of music/rhythm games but this one is badly pulled off.  Playing on anything harder than ""Normal"", it's impossible to tell which direction enemies are coming from because of the way they circle you, it's impossible to tell which colour they are because they are all higlighted with a white aura, and the beats constantly change from being on notes to on lyrics which feels messy and totally destroys the flow.All-in-all I thought this would be a fun interesting rhythm game but I was very wrong.  Don't waste your money here like I did, buy something else.  I've played 10 minutes and will not be going back, now I wish I had spent my money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,255370,8821776,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Veio,I think I could really like this game but at the moment it is unplayable. After about 2 mins of game play it freezes but the music continues. I have to force close the program from task manager.  :(
,Not Recommended,255370,8850326,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,J.P Marshall III,"Buggy. Crashes too much- game is basic but challenging, but feels a bit light, and with contant bugging out it's not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,255370,9074834,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Chipp,"This game has no beat what so ever. They just put random enemies and never follow the song. The game just says F your tempo we will do it are way. Then if you would like to play your songs they make you put in the beat just to say HA thats funny your rong and just do the same thing. The moves are over used the story was just put together at last sec. The enemies are just clones over and over, Mybe have color for them and change the look of them at lest not just same thing over and over. don't waste your money with this there is better games that use your music and still is fun to play over and over."
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,255370,10013621,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,The game does not feel as fluid as a music game should. The button presses don't really match up with the beat and the game never really changes. It is pretty repetitive. I would pass.
,Not Recommended,255370,8826483,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Squire Zed,"At first sight, there's nothing really wrong with this game. The problem lies in the system. It relies upon archaic music gameplay style- it's basicly DDR with punching instead of arrows. While this isn't a bad game, the custom music mechanic frequently falls short, and is underwhelming. You have to play through a first few levels, which is rather annoying if you're not interested in the music that comes with the game. Once you do unlock music customization, the navigation to select songs is clumsy and poorly responsive to mouse input, making scrolling through large libraries or browsing a full drive difficult. The mapping system is limited by player attentiveness; you are expected to either know the BPM of the track, or be capable of timing your own inputs to the beats of the music. It's simply an underwhelming mechanic that is not atoned for by the rest of the game. There are solid principles underlying the game, but questionable stylistic and gameplay decisions limit the effectiveness of the game. It clings to console mechanics, even on a PC version, and is uncomfortable and awkward. The camera also skews slightly, making it at times difficult to follow where enemies are coming from.All in all, it's not a bad game, but if you expect anything unique or interesting, you might want to look somewhere else. As for enjoying your own music, or a specific genre of music, you'll have to tolerate the ecclectic music selection of the campaign for a bit first. It's alright, but so much potential was wasted here."
,Recommended,255370,8821261,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Chewable C++,"If you like rhythm games, Kickbeat is fun and different.If you've never played rhythm games before, you might find the learning curve to be quite steep.Although the ""fighting"" aspect mostly acts as a backdrop, the enemy characters _are_ the beats, so comfort/experience with physical situational awareness may help slightly in terms of enjoyment and performance.I have not tried playing custom tracks, but liked the game's built in playlist and the good ""choreography"" of the beat/enemy sequences. Also the achievements, difficulties, and scoring mechanics provide plenty of replay value incentive for the stock tracks."
,Recommended,255370,9036930,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BrianReddus,"KickBeat is a good rhythm game - not great, but not bad. It has a nice selection of music to play, but the actual gameplay mechanics are very boring and never try anything special. Press a button here. Now press two at the same time. Now you can double tap this one, but that's optional. This feels like a company getting their feet wet in this genre, and it's a very good try. Play it, enjoy the music, and maybe try adding in your own songs (FYI: the custom song ability isn't fully automated. You input BPM and the starting point and let the game generate the rest)"
76561198050234882,Recommended,255370,8900468,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,GuyDudeFriendMan,"A very fun game, for all of you bored of DDR, come here for a great game with great muusic"
,Recommended,255370,9200277,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,MildsHawk,This game is good.
,Recommended,255370,8802422,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Clone303,just a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome music game and yeah it's dam hard but really really fun too so if you like music games than you most get this one + you can use your own music in it :D just do the first missions and you have the thing unlock so you can use your own music + the game looks really really good
,Recommended,255370,13317451,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"This Game Is Awesome!! Cool SP mode. Good story line. Nice SP Songs! Then you can add your own music and play!I recommend to play this game!There is just one bad thig about this game. Sometimes it is hard to see what button u need to hit. All because too many fighters on the field so you cant see what color is behind of them. Or too much shining effect so you can't see what color need to press.p.s.I read previous rewievs there was said: (""It's a rhythm based game that doesn't follow the rhythm very well"")  - if song beat don't follow  game rhythm then there is song options where u can configure beats and rhythm for song."
,Not Recommended,255370,9004012,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"Its fun for a few hours, then you'll probably uninstall it just to free up a GB or two."
,Recommended,255370,12978005,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ogrelord Senpai,Thsi game is seriously fantastic. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of rhytym games
,Not Recommended,255370,11459655,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Warrior,"Good idea, executed horribly. Its Zen Studios first bad game. 5/10"
76561198102827519,Not Recommended,255370,8849324,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Crazador,"Every i do the second training,the game crashed...its have random crash..."
,Not Recommended,255370,11855790,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Toasted Sandvich Maker,"The gameplay is just not gripping.  I don't enjoy the music.  It was an interesting idea to combine fighting and rhythm games, but the result isn't as fun as games like Guitar Hero, Audiosurf or One Finger Death Punch.Another thing that irked me, minor though it is, you don't get to play as the female character until you've beaten the game as the male. :("
76561198046887281,Not Recommended,255370,9306427,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Kurowaza,"This is a very unique music game with somewhat of a fighting game edge. Unfortunately due to my biased taste in music, I found the game to be more teidious than I would have hoped. I can play the game to my own personal stash of music, but I would have to wade through two thirds of the game to unlock that feature.What makes most musical games special is that they have their own original soundtracks; something new and fun to experience.  This game borrows from a library of record labels from several genres to try to please people of different tastes. But the fact that I am forced to play through songs I actualy have a distaste for in order to play songs I would like to play is the one thing that really prevented me from enjoying this game.The story that goes with this game I found to be somewhat amusing and gave proper meaning and motivation to play the game."
,Not Recommended,255370,8853266,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mr_R00K,worst wate of money ever. i wouldnt even recomend this game to anyone i know
,Recommended,255370,9059899,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Katana,"I haven't quite finished the game just yet, but it's been very enjoyable. Like many rhythm games, some of its mechanics feel a little bit clunky as you pick them up, and you'll definitely stumble trying to learn. Things like the powerups seem a little bit shoehorned early on by requiring multiple button presses. However, later on as you complete more of a song in the ""ideal"" way, it becomes apparent that they're more of a way of ""mixing"" the difficulties - so that hitting the half-notes becomes completely optional. (The game does have many different difficulty modes though)Treating it all as a 3D fighting arena certainly adds a lot of visual flare to the action, and gives some considerable impact to each high-beat and multi-button note you're able to land. The game even has a series of boss fights - How does kicking a barrage of incoming missiles from a helicopter sound? I'm looking forward to trying out my own tracks, and trying the harder difficulties!"
,Recommended,255370,9088802,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,tullece,"Kickbeat it's a creative rhythm music themed game, nice graphics and enjoyable experience too, not to mention the funny and nice story. For me, it didn't felt misplaced or bad timed on any song. But the difficult about adding a custom song to the game it is really a letdown. Audiosurf did it, and really well, the same cannot be said about this one. The method it is really complex, and even if you did well all the steps, the song didn't not come up good and/or the graphics glitches. Besides that I still think that it is a cool game cause I'm a music games fan, since Amplitude. If you are a fan too of this kind of game, go fot it, if you are a newcomer, maybe pass it."
,Recommended,255370,13185284,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Claptrap,"This game is pretty interesting, think of Guitar Hero but the notes you match can go to different parts.It's a real nice game with a nice soundtrack, best played with a controller. The difficulty can get real steep, but that doesn't stop me from enjoying this game. Plus you can play to your own songs so there is pretty much unlimited content for it."
,Not Recommended,255370,8804071,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Schiz0id,"I wish I had something good to say about this game. I saw that they had pendulum and it sounded like it was worth my time. But it DOES NOT let you use the songs outside of the game.As far as the game goes, it's mind-numbingly boring. You press either a b x or y when bad guys are above, below, or right next to you. You press the key that pops-up obviously and it's nothing more than a guitar hero clone with punching moves. I also think that the soundtrack is really not that great. I wanted to use the ""use your music"" feature but that feature leaves a lot to be desired. IMHO this game really just has good graphics and is not worth any amount of money. Shame, the premise sounds fun but the fact is is that its just a DDR clone at its best and a waste of time at it's worst."
,Recommended,255370,8907016,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Time to Carry,A wonderful game I have played for a while and let me tell you it is super addicting yet also this game can make you so angry you will stab you best friend watching you play. the replay value is also very high since you can add you own tracks and rock out to your own music while kicking some major minion butts. score 10/10
,Not Recommended,255370,12269826,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Mrloudanimator,"This game is completely falsely advertised! It says its a rythym kung fu game! It is definitely not rythmic in any way I can get into the songs themselves, but the game is a different story."
,Not Recommended,255370,11612315,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Simbiat,"Bought this one 'cause I noticed Celldweller in the description. Soundtrack is good, but it's the only thing I see going for this game. Maybe I'm just not into rhythm games, though. It definitely could use more moves."
,Recommended,255370,28040117,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,coco260[officialprofile],"a great rhythm game that is heavily underated.its story is less than good, however its story is quickly found irrelevant because the gameplay is great and plays really nicely even on higher difficulties. from what i can tell it runs perfectly fine on both of my desktops,it also plays smoothly without errors. however the game does suffer from a poor story, a rather limited song lineup(posted at the bottom), and a static health system that make higher difficulties nigh impossible and makes longer song more difficult.IN SUMMARY: I would reccommend this game on sale and had a great time with it.________________________________________________________________________________SONG LIST24 SONG TOTAL________________________________________________________________________________Blue Stahli – ""Scrape""Blue Stahli – ""Takedown""Blue Stahli – ""ULTRAnumb""Celldweller – ""I Can’t Wait""Celldweller – ""Switchback""enV – ""Bloom""enV – ""Destination""enV – ""OCP""enV – ""RPM""enV – ""Shakestopper""enV – ""Vee""Marilyn Manson – ""The Beautiful People""Papa Roach – ""Last Resort""Pendulum – ""Propane Nightmares (Celldweller Remix)""Pendulum – ""Self vs. Self""P.O.D. – ""Boom""Pre-Fight Hype – ""It’s Goin Down""Pre-Fight Hype & Southpaw Swagger – ""Tug-O-War""Rob Zombie – ""Scum of the Earth""Shen Yi – ""War Dance""Southpaw Swagger – ""It’s Showtime""Styles of Beyond – ""Nine Thou""Voicians – ""The Construct""Voicians – ""Fighters"""
,Recommended,255370,24126136,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KzD3ath,"First Of all this game was aiming for launch title for NGP(Vita)PlotThe story of KickBeat starts off with all of the world's music being stolen. It is up to the player to use the remaining 18 songs (the game's soundtrack) to free the rest of the music.SongThe game features its own soundtrack, but there is an option in the Steam Edition to import music for further game play.The Special Edition includes a total of 11 artists and 24 songs, with some artists contributing multiple songs.ControlIt's bit weird Since the game was ported from vita, but when you get used to it it will be fine or you ever play console or handled rhythm game it will be easythe only minus was lack of content but overall is goodFor Those who want buy search info 1st then buy it, from me i'm recommend it."
,Recommended,255370,17054200,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Artyom Havok,I really dont know exactly what it is that i love about this game so much... perhaps i am just a sucker for music games in general (BeatHazard... Beat Buddy) but i keep firing it up and playing until im better at it. I will say this its a console game first and using a controller is damn impossible i failed and failed and failed could only beat it with two start on the second difficulty then i switched to my Logi Orion Spark made the arrow light up fancy coresponding colors and it was like i was op... well i still kinda suck at it but its alot easier with keyboard.so THE GAME! Its really fun throwaway but kinda funny dual story going on sucks you have to beat it to unlock Mei's story cause she is pretty badass ive never gone back to Lee as the playable character. The game play at least for me anyways is very engaging and i find my self singing alone and headbanging at times lol.Its good and worth a try. Seems every few months i fire it up and find i love it more and more.The PC version you can prorgram you own songs by setting the bpm and hitting the space bar or something? i have not played with it at all in 20 hours but i was reading some hub thread about and it seems that its a little easier than that perhaps. will update whenever i get around to it. Trying to move up and perfect the stock songs for now.THE SONGS ARE ALL REALLY GOOD as a 30 year old they are almost all songs i kinda grew up with in my musical golden age.
76561198262319627,Recommended,255370,28733831,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zachariah,All they need to do is fix the problem with it force losing every 10 minues and this game will be 100% fun
,Recommended,255370,31678850,Posted: 11 May,all,Verdantil,"Casual - Music & RhythmTLDR : A well designed, good looking rhythm button sequence game like guitar hero in which you have a martial artist being bum rushed by a bunch of dudes. Music is pretty good, multiple difficulty levels and some unlockables. Good product overall for the genre"
,Not Recommended,255370,14221400,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"Like a Drake song, the first couple of times you hear it, it sounds great, than after a while you realize he is a terrible lyricist and his producers keep him relevant. This game is the exact samething, it looks fun the first couple of minutes than you realize it's complete redundant♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026516901,Not Recommended,255370,8806720,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,nr3,Gets boring really fast
76561197991503275,Not Recommended,255370,8803620,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Allen,"Having a hard time getting past the songs that I don't like. It'd be nice if I could skip the first couple. I've played through one song that I didn't like just to get another that I didn't like. Any non-rap songs in this game? I don't think I'm going to bother to find out, as I'm forced to play through the songs I don't like just to try and unlock new ones."
,Not Recommended,255370,11943391,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Deltatech,"I don't like this Genre at all.I thought it was a street fighter type game but it'sKind of a guitar hero type game.The graphics are ok ,the sound is o.k. but the gameplay sucks.This type of game is just too repetitive.I'm ready to play a better title in 5 minutes.UNINSTALLED,waste of money and storage space, wouldn't buy again.DISAPPOINTMENT"
76561197989873777,Not Recommended,255370,13197726,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Shindai,"Garbage. Incredibly difficult to see when two are attacking at once, and unless you know the song you'll lose half your health right at the start trying to get into the rhythm. Speaking of rhythm, you have to press the button a half-beat off rhythm to get the best score. And speaking of songs, the soundtrack is terrible. First two levels, quite enough for me, should have torrented it first. Can't believe I just wasted £2 on this."
,Not Recommended,255370,8792999,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Xphere Omega,"내 돈 내놔라, 젠장..."
76561197972216567,Not Recommended,255370,8794000,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,monkeyops,Great looking game great idea just seems a bit messy when it come to playing it.Even after altering the settings in options the beats seem off a lot of the timetraing area reminds me of the dance off with the police chief in stubbs the zombie :)
,Not Recommended,255370,10243004,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Shankszs,"Good idea, bad execution."
,Recommended,255370,9148516,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Akane,"If you enjoy rhythm games you gonna love this, it actually takes some time to getting used to colored thug (beats) but once you get the hang of it, it's a smooth sailing from there and a fun one to add to that, story is short but I got a few laughs from some pieces of dialogue, soundtrack is okay, and you can use your own songs if you feel like kicking butts while listening to your favorite song.As for difficulty I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked a few times on the first song on normal difficulty then I got gud.Sounds pretty simple but there's a lot more to it than my review shows, it's kind of a play to understand rhythm game.If it ever goes on deal and you feel like playing this kind of game, go right ahead, it will be a enjoyable experience.Also ""Even Justin Bieber?""also punching missiles is fun"
,Recommended,255370,8792229,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Rekosin,Does this game work everyone cause i tried to play but i get to the opening scenes perfectly but when im in the stadium it lags like crazy at one point it gets stuck?
,Not Recommended,255370,30199228,Posted: 26 February,all,eyeplante,"After hearing about this game it sounded interesting, but once I started to play it, the game kept crashing. Naturally I took to the internet to see if anyone else has had the same problem, and low and behold everyone has had the same problem.  All in all it;s not worth buying this game at this current time."
76561198029716822,Not Recommended,255370,8793198,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Super Cosmic Space Pootis,"Music taste will always be a factor in any rhythm based game, and this particular one fails to have much of a range. Almost the entire playlist is nerd-rock, some guy with personal issues screaming into a mic as if he is trying to dislodge something from his throat - which is fine if you like that sort of thing I suppose.If you don't like it however then don't be suckered in by the thought that you might be able to play with your own music. You *CAN* do it, but it requires you to mark your own beats manually rather than having software do it for you and do you really want to spend half an hour just to play a rythm game for ONE song? Furthermore you actually have to play through the story missions in order to unlock the mode for using your own music too, so no hope there either.The cutscenes found an aesthetic somewhere but marred it with poorly arranged cinematics, and on top of that I found the humour lacking - probably because the voice actors sounded so utterly bored out of their skulls in dialogue.Oh, and if you were hoping for actual rhythm in a rhythm game then you may be disappointed too, for four or five times on average during a song you will be thrown off your pacing because of a pre-animated takedown occuring (of which there are only about eight varieties).If you like rhythm games on steam then stick to Symphony or Audiosurf. I loved Castlestorm but this game feels like a flop to me. :("
,Not Recommended,255370,13330471,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,M9A1 Gernsback,"Buyer beware!If you thought this was a nice rythm game with killer soundtrack, think again.The soundtrack is horrible, placing rap-like music with rather unpleasant vocals in the very beginning (apparently to scare people off), and burying nice electronic tracks (DRR is famous for those, y'know) somewhere in the later stages of the game, which are - you guess it - unaccessible.Next, the game tries to push on you a story - a story straight out of Nobodycaresville; regardless, you're locked in the story mode until your ears bleed.The game has a lot of problems picking up on the actual rythm of the tracks - and knows it, allowing you to adjust for latency of your input devices. Surprise, surprise, it does not help, and people with a sense of rythm suffer. The only way towin is to rely on visual cues - and that makes life hardly easier, because even on basic difficulty the screen becomes a cluster-F of colors and moving objects, FAST. Add in camera position that actually obscures some of the important areas to look out for, and you're set.To clarify my position: a good beatmania game, like the aforementioned classic DDR, has two ways of telling you when to take action - either ""by look"" or ""by feel"". ""Feel"" comes from rythm, sound and the general pattern of actions (i.e. steps or keypresses). ""Look"" is there for you if you're more into visual cues - they are right on the screen, presented clearly, and unobstructed by anything else. You can use either one, or a combination of both, to achieve the same results.This game fails BOTH.Adding insult to injury, the ""play your own track"" section is locked until you are late into the story mode - and, apparently, there is no ""plug and play"" in that mode (unlike, oh say, Audiosurf), everything has to be adjusted manually.My bottom line is this: do not waste your money, even at bargain prices."
,Not Recommended,255370,8796748,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,SlaveDeMorto,"Meh. Original idea, design, but still boring to play. There are some silly jokes during cinematics and music used in game is nice I guess (Celldweller and such). I don't know about others, but for me gameplay wasn't often synchronized good enough to just follow the music without thinking of pressing buttons and that kinda ruined all idea of rhyme game.You can even try to add your own music to it, but unlike any other rhyme game, it won't be done automatically. You will have to manually click space or Y button (on xbox controller) for 45 seconds to show the game how beats work for this particular song of yours... I gave up on it fast enough. I doubt that anyone will be bothered enough to go through his or her favorite songs and just spend quite some time clicking buttons, following beats. I wouldn't recommend this game since the only strong part of it is it's design."
,Not Recommended,255370,22802403,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Spitfoore®,Hell to the naw
,Not Recommended,255370,18920416,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,DrakoSlay3R47,"I really love this game. I played it extensively on the PS3 version. So a few months back when I got a new computer, I decided to get a copy of it for the PC. It has one fatal flaw in that it had an extreme amount of slowdown even on the lowest settings, and my PC has decent enough specs. After fiddling around with it I got it to work fine. Fast forward to today however, the game crashed and when I boot it back up again, IT WIPED ALL OF MY PROGRESS. For that reason alone I cannot reccomend this version of the game. If you want this game, I'd highly suggest getting any other version of this game. Sure, they may not look as good on the consoles, but atleast you won't have your progress wiped."
,Recommended,255370,19452584,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,420 Absolve It,"If you're looking for a rhythm game like audiosurf that can use your own music library (but also has a pretty decent set track for story mode) but is a little more mentally and physically demanding then KickBeat is for you.To everyone in the reviews saying this game doesn't sync well, they probably didn't calibrate the music lag setting correctly or they're just not very musically talented as the custom track mode allows you to fully customize the enemy generators BPM to your music up to 200.The story mode is decent and the small cutscenes have a few pretty funny jokes. There are a couple of characters and costumes you can unlock as well as stages which also change the enemies outfits. The game also comes with a ""visualizer mode"" where you can just play music and watch the AI fight the enemies for you, kinda cool but not very exciting considering the limited kung-fu animations there are (maybe like 10 different movesish?)."
76561197963509668,Recommended,255370,10285438,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,RidgeRacer,"The game was very hard for me on the playstation 3,on the playstation vita it was playable and I enjoyed it a lot.The Steam version is excellent,I finished it on normal pretty fast and it's also playable on higher levels!Now that all my guitars with dust for years,I found this game as the best music game with excelent playlist."
,Recommended,255370,10364949,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Lord Kaio,"Pretty cool game with responsive controls (once you get used to them) and a nice original take on the rhythm genre.  Easy difficulties tend to feel more ""fun"" since the music is always on the beat but they can also be a bit boring if the songs aren't that exciting.  On the topic of music, there is a good variety of tracks between rock and electronic so it doesn't feel too stale, though some of the unknown songs may take a try or two to really get the vibe of it.  After playing for a while you unlock freeplay mode which lets you play your own music for a nice chunk of replayability.  For $10, it's well worth a buy if you're into rhythm games."
,Not Recommended,255370,8978673,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,ap0strophe,"The gameplay is fun enough, but I don't really care for the tracklist, and that's a definite downfall in what is basically a martial-arts-themed rhythm and timing game.  To be clear, I don't dislike the music by itself (tracks from the likes of Papa Roach, Pendulum, Marilyn Manson, and Celldweller), but as a whole it's not my cup of tea.  I just need more variety in this sort of game."
76561198101834749,Recommended,255370,8980190,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Kabba,"Love the concept and the look of the game. Sadly, it is prone to random crashes :( Still, I would give this game 3/5 stars."
,Recommended,255370,8809391,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,SlyLV,All I have to say is I've yet to see a time where Zen Studios has not deliveried a quality game. Kickbeat is no exception to their already stellar line-up of Pinball and Castlestorm. This is my favorite game studio by far and the games they make are all fantastic. Kickbeat has you tapping to the rythem of the songs and is pure quality. I found myself late for work the other day just beacuase I could not stop playing this game!
,Recommended,255370,8811583,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Inouye,It's Kung Fu Guitar Hero. Pretty good if you like that idea.
,Recommended,255370,8813231,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Luke Nukem,"Great soundtrack, great mechanics - did I meantion great soundtrack? What's not to like about this game?!For the price, a must have for rhythm gamers"
,Recommended,255370,8814280,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,technodragon64,"Do you like music?  Do you like martial arts?  Have you ever dreamed of taking on an attack chopper by yourself, unarmed?  If you have answered ""Yes"" to any of these questions, then KickBeat is for you!  As the chosen one of a dojo in San Fransisco, it is up to you save the world's music (yes, unfortunately that includes Justin Bieber) from an evil corporate executive who desires to profit from said music.  A wonderful soundtrack, and the opportunity to unlock the ability to fight to your own music.  Worth checking out at the very least."
76561197969512103,Recommended,255370,9000154,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Switzerland44,Awesome Game
76561198008270970,Not Recommended,255370,8987767,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SonicNL,"This game is not like any other rythm game. really great on story mode, playing own songs has no rythm. i would recommend audiosurf for this type of games"
76561198091554156,Recommended,255370,9683350,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,GigglyRaven,"I'm not typically into these kinds of games: this was an impulse buy backed by a coupon. However, this game is surprisingly fun and catchy. It has a pretty good soundtrack, coupled with a fun martial arts style theme instead of just random dancing and a feature to allow adding your OWN music as well, so there's a pretty solid fun factor to be had :-)"
,Recommended,255370,9825071,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Kamui Senketsu,"This game is... How do I say it? Oh! This game is like a mini DDR for your fingers with 2 less pads. You use the WASD keys to control where you character will attack next. Since he is a ninja this rhythm game combines martial arts with the power of music. I have always like rhythm games and this one is no exception. While the story leaves something to be desired and is full of clichés like ""You're the choosen one"", it does have some great choices of music. The gamplay itself it is very simple but can get difficult on harder levels creating challenges for those who have mastered the easy level. There is a ""Beat your own music"" option which allows you to use your own songs and and BMP calulator to play the game to your songs. This mode is missing the ability to change tempo through out the song, so the tempo at the start is the same the whole way through which can lead to enemys coming off beat later in songs. This game is great and a fine rhythm game, if the Beat your own music had better options or even an editor then this would be a 10/10 rhythm game in my eyes."
,Not Recommended,255370,8958094,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,harrydragon,"You start off playing like ""Oh yeah I a rythm game that I can use my own music in"" then you start playing and it chrashes and you say ""S#it! Oh well this is the first time its running so its ok"". Then you get into the beat of the music and it lags so bad, the camera angle spasses out and you say ""S#it s#it s#it! I hope that dosn't happen often"" (It does) And then it crashes.0.5 / 10 StarsBad"
,Not Recommended,255370,9276077,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Emery,"Great concept, but the game hangs about 10 seconds into any song, including the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,255370,9509141,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,"Great concept, awesome gameplay, worst-music-selection-ever. the importing your music option was s uch a pain in the !@# that I could never get the beat to match my favorite songs, so i was stuck with terrible screamo metal music throughout the game.If youre going to make a game about bloody music, atleast make the music good or make the player's music work with it."
76561198046378592,Recommended,255370,9402883,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Big Bad Buena,"This game is almost perfect for all music lovers or action game lovers. Though I have only one issue with it. The Beat Your Music is especially tricky and it needs a LOT of time, patience, and tinkering to get it right otherwise you'll end up frustrating yourself in the end. Apart from this, the action scenes are excellent, the soundtrack selection is well thought out, and the artwork and detailing is a feast for the eyes! If you wish for a challenging game that not fuels your fire for action games and hand-eye coordination, then by all mean buy Kick Beat. You will not be sorry."
,Recommended,255370,9441733,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,DarkArtist,"This was a suprizingly fun game. the presmise is a breath of fresh air from most rythmn games and the story wasnt bad considering its both a fighter and a rythmn game.The music is very 90's-2000's so personal music preference may keep you from enjoying the campeign, but i found their choice of songs to for the most be fast paced and well chosen, though i could have done with a little less Rap-y songs.The only downfall is the ""Create Your Own Track"" option was buggy and never really generated fufilling fights, the timing was always a little off. Still, Lots of fun."
76561198067655433,Not Recommended,255370,9201312,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,roxbyman91,"Coudnt get the game to work. Got the game to work. Game not worth playing. player upset he spent 9.99 on game. player sad.No really it took forever to get KickBeat to work. Once I did the gameplay was nothing more than button mashing to techno music and a hand full of decent songs, along with the custom music never matching the video beats. Overall spend the 9.99 else where. they had good intentions but other wise is lacking."
,Recommended,255370,8817032,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Headline™,"This game is so awesome!!! The music is incredible, the storyline is good, and it's like Guitar Hero only Kung-fu action happens! I would still recommend this game to those who love music and kicking butt. However, they still have a few bugs and issues that are being taken care of. So far, a lot of the stuff is working perfectly. Some things are in need of work but, I still suggest getting this game. 8.5/10+ Story+ Build your Music+ Bouns characters and outfits+ Leaderboard- Only mp3 when you use ""Build Your Music"" no mp4- A couple glitches in the game but not too noticeable"
,Recommended,255370,8818297,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Sunzo,"KickBeat is a self proclaimed Rhythm Fighting Game, although, I have to start of first by saying Kickbeat is more of just a Rhythm game rather than it's self proclaimed Rhythm Fighting Game, The game doesn't disappoint.A port from PSVita KickBeat impresses with not only its choice of music but execution of the gameplay.No game is without it's faults though, and KickBeat does have some questionable moments, such as powerups making up a beat that isn't covered normally by the enemies, which feels like a cheap trick.The game is really enjoyable even with it's faults, and with a small download size of 15mb, you can buy it now (and depending on your internet) play it within 20 minutes or 15 seconds.KickBeat doesn't miss its beat with this game.8/10 is my final score."
76561198057940277,Recommended,255370,8821441,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Limaqq,"Absolute ""Must have""! The track list is great, incredible! And the game design is very colorful and up to the  point.Moreover, the button-mashing technique doesn`t work here :) That`s a bit of a challenge ;)The only thing that confuses me is the rhythm order here...I mean, in the first 20 sec of the song the rhyth is stick to the one instrument, and then is switches to an ""additional"" instrument (your beating sound). That might be confusing sometimes.Besides, (maybe I so butter-fingered) I can`t adjust my Own song to the play list. I mean, the rhythm is set up right, but when the actual ""fight"" begings, the enemies are going crazy jumping out not to the rhythm!So, the game is great, but nothing is perfect (maybe Bioshock Infinite only ^_^), this game has it`s own drawbacks.But I definitely reccomend it! :)"
,Recommended,255370,8822165,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,AtomicToast,"If you've got a love of rhythm games, i'd definately recommend this title. The mechanics are simple but the presentation manages to really carry the game into something really fun and addictive. There's not a whole lot of actual music to play, but what is available is all really high quality and fun to play.The campaign will take roughly 6 hours if you just breeze through it, but that's really missing the point of a rhythm game. The content here is more than worth the $10 price tag if you're really willing to master the mechanics up to the most difficult setting.There is a feature to import your own music, but it's not very good. It essentially just generates a track based solely on the BPM of the song which results in every custom track being really boring and samey. It's really the one letdown of the whole game."
,Recommended,255370,8889105,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ginronin,I just play my first session and I love it! Awesome music. Not easy take some time to get used to the timing. and my fingers hurt now lol
76561197972960129,Recommended,255370,8890400,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Shoryukinzel,"NOTE:  I've played this game for about 30 minutes, completing the tutorial and a couple of stages on Normal difficulty.I was mislead into buying this game by the media quotes, which made the game seem like a deeper game than it is.  That said, it isn't a bad rhythm game by any means.  Basic gameplay is pretty typical of games like DDR, where you press buttons representing Up, Down, Left, and Right when enemies move into the appropriate area.  You also have a couple of Guitar Hero style features: an overdrive mode that when charged lets you increase your score multiplier, and a button to activate powerups like a shield that protects you from misses briefly.This game also has a decently neat feature in that some enemies have items floating over their heads - to actually get the item you have to double-tap the button instead of single-tap.  This is how you get the aforementioned powerups, and these items also include bonus points and score multiplier increases.Aesthetically, the game is pretty good - the animations are neat, the enemies look good, and I've enjoyed the included music tracks that I've played (though of course your mileage may vary).  This all can get in the way of the gameplay, however.  Screen shakes, circling enemies, and poor indicators of which enemy is going to hit first make the game more difficult than other traditional rhythm games.Overall, not a bad rhythm game, it just adds some Kung Fu game style to the model we're all pretty familiar with.  I was looking for an action game with strong rhythm elements, and was disappointed.  But if you're looking for a Rhythm game with added flavor, I'd probably recommend this.  It gets a ""Yes."""
,Not Recommended,255370,8957759,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Legendary_Linux,"This game is terrible. Under no circumstances should you buy it. The music doesn't match the sound at all, and the lag adjustment doesn't even begin to compensate. There is far too much to keep track of on screen at once, and it doesn't feel good to play, on controller or keyboard.Normally I like Rhythm games, but this just blows.Do not waste your money."
,Recommended,255370,8822469,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,AngelOfRevelation,"Even though i have only played for about two (2) to three (3) hours of KickBeat, and never played it on the PS3 or the Vita versions, i enjoy it. However, I wouldn't reccomend buying it for $9.99 USD. I would reccomend buying for about half that.The story to the game [so far I have only played about half the game] is actually a bit funny. Hell, I was surprised to hear one voice actor playing as one of the man characters.THe music in this is...not exactly of my taste. And another suprise that one of my favorite NG Artist [at least I think its the same person] has four (4) or five (5) [can't remember] on this game. And that isn't counting the Steam tracks I haven't got to yet.The one edition that I actually have only a problem with is Beat Your Music.... There are three (3) games on my steam list: Audiosurf, Beat Hazard [ultra], and Symphony. Mind you they have actually a inner program within the system that arealdy measures by the music. Why couldn't KickBeat do the same?Other than that, I give this game 4 out of 5 stars. The game is good, it isn't the best music/rhythm game I have played but I have enjoyed it. IF you are into this kind of game I would give it a try [and if they had a demo I would play that first]"
,Recommended,255370,8873124,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,disqord,kickass tunes and martial arts; 'nuff said.
,Recommended,255370,8916906,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,BannSidhe,"Very surprised at the accessiblity of the game. Zen isn't know for their rhythm games, but so far, its been surprisingly fun. The music in the first few levels alone has been great, can't wait to unlock free play and play your own music! Can't beat it for 10 dollars.  I do recommend a controller though!"
76561198042692480,Recommended,255370,9112846,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,hotdogz070,"I've only gone through the first couple of songs, but I have to say that so far I am thoroughly enjoying this game. When I was younger, (currently 16,) I hated rhythm games like Guitar Hero and the like. However, this has a nice soundtrack of more modern rap-esque music with some nice guitars. I love this game due to it's asthetic, in spite of not being a fan of Kung-Fu action flicks.What really makes this game amazing is the desire to play well that in instills in you. I can't describe exactly why, but seeing two stars on my first attempt didn't leave me angry at my failure, a reaction other games have inflicted on me. Instead, I felt the urge to try again, just one more star because I know I can do it.Another attempt, a crack at another song and a breif return netted me five stars, a feeling of joy that I haven't felt in a long time and certainly didn't expect from one of my most hated genres.As mentioned before, I only played for all of 20 minutes before typing this. But it was all I needed to know to tell that the soundtrack and asthetic have hooked me in to something I was supposed to hate.If you like the screenshots and the gameplay trailer, go buy it."
,Recommended,255370,9310407,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,WarWolfXE,"Pretty great game. Lots of fun and decent soundtrack. Creating custom songs isn't automatic, though. Still, had a blast playing it."
,Recommended,255370,9025536,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Vulpsi,"Great-Great-Great game! I highly recomend this game!-=(Pros)=--Multipule areas, each with its own host of enemy charecters. (Mercs to wrestelers to ninjas, it has everything.)-Great music in the campaign. (just epic choice in music.)-Pretty funny campaign charecters. (The master is probly the best.)-Tons of unlockables for the completionist in all of us. (Its just great fun to get everything.)-Abillity to add your own music. (Finnaly i get to crack heads to some NegaRen.)-Challenging yet rewarding. (If at first you fail, try it on a harder difficulty then go back to an easier one. It helps.)-REAL BOSS FIGHTS! (Procidingly more difficult bosses at the end of every area.)-Abillity to set your charecter model to an enemys. (Blue gasmask ninja all dah way!)-=(Cons)=--The second Campaign is the exact same as the first one, just with different movies. (the movies are worth the play thru.)-The system to add your own music is a wee bit odd. (I dont like trying to figure out the BPM to rave music.)-Cap of 200 BPM in custom music. (I know its so you dont die instantly, but how am i suposed to play my Q.B.F. speed kore?)-No cool screen effects for custom music. (I understand why, but it just makes me sad that my drops dont shake the screen.)-Steam popups cause weird frame loss. (Is this just me? becasue its erritating.)-only 3 enemy types. (its good, but I want more, maby guys who have shields that you have to hit 4 times to kill?)This game is great and has tons of fun in-store for anyone who buys it. I really want some more music and story by the creators. I wouldnt mind buying DLC for this game (tho i dont really want to. I HAZ NO MONEY!) Great game im really looking forward to what the creators got in store for us."
76561198117272700,Recommended,255370,9031818,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,davidxiem,"I love song game. I played whole series of DJ Max. And this game is fantastic.For a song game, the story telling is quite poor. But who cares? There are some humors, as you can see in trailer, also some high quality songs. The best thing of the game is the visualizer mode and play your own music."
,Recommended,255370,9020053,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Secludedchic,"Normally I don't like rhythm games because I tend to suck at them, but I have to say that this one is pretty fun!Pros:> I love the music used, and you can use your own.> There's actually a sort of story to it! And the cutscene art is nice.> Kicking people is more engaging than hitting arrows on time.> Chi functions like ""starpower"" in Guitar Hero, and boosts your score.> Has two power-ups that are useful, and add another element for you to keep track of.Cons:> I found the final boss confusing, because the enemies come out of the ground instead of from outside the ring.> The finishing move for each song section is repetitive and a bit interruptive to the song."
76561198000927822,Recommended,255370,8844700,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,私のコックを吸います,"I bought this game for about 7€ and I have to say... it's probably worth ten times the amount! I didn't expect much tbh, I didn't even know what the game was all about. Yet it surprises with astonishing gameplay and a decent story . I think the game is really beautiful, all the cinematics are gorgeous, and the difficulty can be raised to such an extent where you need to literally play out of your mind.I can only recommend that game to anyone!"
,Recommended,255370,8846233,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,F1re St4rter,"I basically bought this game out of no where, not expecting more than a rhythm game to play for a few hours. Many of the tracks i didn't really know and though i wouldn't enjoy the game becasue of it. That wasn't true at all. I played this game using a 360 controller and i feel it provided a better experience than the mouse and keyboard method and would recommended using one if possible. So the game...In the beginning it was actually kind of difficult, but after playing only a few tracks i got the hang of it, and after you do i recommend switching to hard or higher difficulty as the game on lower levels is far to easy and somewhat boring. The tracks themselves are quite good and diverse, and provide a good challenge in-game. But all of the tracks by ""EnV"" are far too easy even on the highest difficulty. But that's ok because they are still very good tracks. i honestly didn't bother with the story until the end cutscene for both Lee and Mei's Stories and honestly for a rhythm game i didn't even need a story line. But all in all the game is very good and i recommend it. It has great playtime for the price and the gameplay is great once you get used to it. You might even find a new song or two you'll love.*At this point i haven't messed around with the using your own songs feature because the songs provided are good for me."
,Recommended,255370,8846347,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mad Scientist,"Very fun and addicting game. The unlockables make you want to keep going and finish a song as good as possible on a higher difficulty than last time, which is a great motivation to keep playing the game. Sometimes it's a little hard to find out what you should do during boss battles, because that isn't explained. But once you find it out, it works fine. Fun little story as well and the diversity in songs and stages is also good. Don't play this game for too long at once, though: it will hurt your eyes!"
,Recommended,255370,8847827,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ashleh,I love this game. Its a lot of fun. It's difficult but i'm enjoying it. I can't wait to add my music to the game.
,Recommended,255370,8965907,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,[HGS]Spindleweed,"This game is deceptively awesome. Graphic style is incredible, and even when you are losing you feel like a ninja.  Buy it"
,Recommended,255370,8806515,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,♫Soul♬,"As a fan of dance and rythm games i can honestly say this is one of the better ones i've played, love the tracks, love the setting, the system takes a little getting used to, but once you get it.. great fun, just like any good dance game."
,Recommended,255370,8808182,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BlatBlatBiscuit,"This is a rhythm game I can back. While I wish it included more artists, the ones they have are good enough and you can't expect much more from such an inexpensive game. While its regular levels' visuals can get repetitive, it's fun to get the illusion of kicking♥♥♥♥♥while being a pretty good rhythm game at its core. I am looking forward to future additions and sequels if they are in the works.The game has controller support but the way the game is designed, it's easy to play on both keyboard and controller. If you like fighting games or action games set to music or just rhythm games, get this. It's fun as hell."
,Not Recommended,255370,8808447,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,uk2008,"i cant decide on a reccomandation or not the single player story by itself may be worth the money - some good songs and bright and good fun even on (easy/meduim)but the whole import your own music into the game is pretty dam poor you have to manually hit space to enter the beats in 3 sections of the song ( bear in mind this has to be exact to work with the premise of the game) it then works out bpm and such... from zen studi forums zen posted = ""- As stated in the manual, songs where the beat changes (ex: ""Stairway To Heaven"", which gets faster and faster) or that have pauses where the beat doesn't sync up on resume won't work well""""but the problem i see is that  i compare this to audiosurf and that when you play a song in audiosurf it reads your song and builds around that ... why cant kick beat do that i went onto the forum and there seems to be issues regarding putting your own music in aswell but some good suggestions on getting a music reader with advance editor but these are only forum idea's so overall i can only  give this title around  4 / 10 :(  after such exitement"
76561198046098715,Recommended,255370,8828824,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Shokuoshu,"The idea of this music game, is probably one of the coolest I have seen in a while, I have gotten most of the music games on steam as well, things like Soundodger, Symphony, and yes even Beat Hazard! Doesn't compare to the mechanics and play of this awesome music game, I watched the video alone and the idea made it sound awesome alone, but being able to import your own tunes later in the game to the already rather impressive soundtrack of songs is indeed a winner here in my opinion, and the difficulty curve is there as well, even on Normal if you don't have quick reflexes and perfect timing, you will find the art of the melodic fist, quite a difficult form to master, it will take training and perservence but you can master it with enough training.....:3 this game is definitely worth it if you like music games a great buy indeed <3"
,Recommended,255370,8829272,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mac Beats,Really fun game all around. It's not really too challenging on normal and hard difficulties. Personally I think it had an awesome soundtrack and I think there is a good chance that the devs could release dlc to extend the story line or just add more songs in freeplay. You can add your own music too but to me it seems like more of a novelty than something I'll really end up enjoying and doing on a regular basis. Overall an awesome game to kill time with with good replayability if you are a perfectionist like me!
,Recommended,255370,8829528,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kaostic,"Really enjoying this game so far. When I was a kid, I really enjoyed the game Bust-a-Groove and, in some respects, this game brought that back. It's not the same, not by a long shot, but it's an interesting take on the Rhythm genre. It's missing some bits, has a fairly short playlist and the ability to put your own track into the game leaves a lot to be desired, but for the asking price, it's well worth the purchase!"
76561198027541238,Recommended,255370,8836985,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PrimeMover,10/10 - Amazing! Soundtrack is perfect and the gameplay is alot of fun. It's got a pretty big learning curve as with most rythm games. But mastering it is very satisfying. The custom song creator works but I had limited success with it. The songs end up being not that complicated. However there is a ton of replay value in the highest difficulty on the campaign due to the fact that the beat maps are totally random at that point.
76561198056904537,Not Recommended,255370,8861255,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nostrahim,"the game at first Looks Really good and fun, awesome music and graphics not to mention sound.. everything looks smooth so what could possibly go wrong right :D?. however after i sat here for 2-3 hours trying i realized at first that the difficulties start at Minimum "" Normal "" and i thought that this isnt rly a problem as many games do this and normal doesent seem THAT hard to pass given enough attempts.. so i stayed and tried over n over.. i read both reviews positive and negative that the game is a Musical Beat game, Hit the buttons accordingly to the beat. iv'e played games like this. Guitar Hero to mention one can actually be followed through listening to the song aswell as having a good reaction and it isnt SO hard anymore.. so i applied my knowledge of that here thinking it would be the same. i managed the story to Stage 2 before i failed Utterly. i made it maybe past 50% then i just failed miserably.. literally miserably. Really demotivational.. and i thought to myself.. this is on Normal Difficulty, wich means the easiest.. so it cant be the game, i have to do something wrong or just be out of sync or SOMETHING.. so i went back to the Tutorial even though i understood all of it, and i got all the info, and it isnt exactly Game Training as much as Relaying Info on whats what. so i figured okay im not getting much Training in Training Mode.. so i might aswell go back and Fail some more and hopefully Climb Ontop of my Excessive Fails until i reach the top :D. so i did.. i found it.. Extremely hard to FOllow the "" beat "" in even the first few songs.. as if the game ACTUALLY didnt Follow the BEAT.. but it followed its OWN beat with the songs Addon regarding a few of the "" mobs "" attacking you.. so MAINLY its own Beat, then added song beat to back it up.. now when i realized this i got kinda sad.. thinking how on earth am i gunna follow this all if i cant follow the song a 100% ???. but i kept trying.. still thinking it was something that i did. after a while of heavy excessive Failing i just was so fed up with this. i love the music, graphics everything except the actual Musical Beat you're SUpposed to follow but in truth cant. its very visible many times and you can both see and hear the beat there.. like in Training mode. but the songs isnt as Simple as the Training mode.. Normal Difficulty doesent let you get more than..2 seconds MAX breathing space between every button click. Literally 2 seconds MAX breathing room. wich gives VERY little time for beginners to see the Color of the attacker.. wich way they will come from regarding button Up,DOWN,LEFT,RIGHT to push.. also listen to the beat.. View the attackers Color but also ALL the other thats near you to see who belongs to who and who will attack you together or solo.. and u have to COmbine ALLLL of these together AT-THE-SAME-TIME. especially when the game isnt following the beat 100%. Extremely Frustrationg for Casual players that doesent want to spend more than necessery energy on playing a game nor practicing one that gives over 50% frustration rather than reward. just isnt worth it plain and simple. not to mention the game itself is VERY restricting.. the only choices u get from start is Story mode - Training Mode - Survival Mode. In survival mode you cant even CHANGE the difficulty, so forget using that to practice for beginners xD no chance.. Training mode isnt Training mode. its Teaching Mode. wich leaves Story mode and its frustration left.. also there is Free play mode too but its been LOCKED from the player until u reach a certain point in the story.. i mean wth.. you're seriously Locking "" FREE "" play mode ?? isnt that the entire point for it to be open to play on any time unconditionally or to setup your own Game at any time "" Freely "" ??.. apparently not. also you see a Male and a Female, they both look awesome. when they Introduced this picture and everything showing off male female, i had the First impression that you could play as either male or female. you cant. you have to Unlock her through Story first and then you can play as her. wich sucks because it requires Decent Skill in this frustration to even go past 1st boss wich is Stage 4 at Marilyn Manson song. Also forget about Refunds. the game has such a foothold that when you buy this its done. Dug your own grave xD. cant get a Refund. However if you like this game or consider buying it, i'd say if you're REally into these sort of games its definitly worth a shot and see if you can make it. if not, then its another Shelf game. Good luck!! ( you'll need it..)"
,Recommended,255370,13114295,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lee Van Cleef,"KickBeat is a new challenge for all those music-game lovers out there. I've played quite a few games of this style, and this one is up there in the ranks for me. While the ""baddies"" always show up in sync, the camera moves in, out, and around the fight scene. Which makes it quite hard, at times, to follow the beat to a T.To sum it up, if you like the ""DDR/ITG"" style of games then for the love of god GET THIS GAME!** sidenote, more tracks fromvarious artistswould be appreciated3.8/5 (would bump it up one for more tracks)"
76561198045116840,Not Recommended,255370,12239132,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mangaka Wolf,"This game from the start has a very interesting consept and one that I have actually been waiting a long time to see in a rythem based video game. The artstyle is very well done, and the selection of music is a mixed bag of genres which can please multiple musical tastes. Even playing the game it functions very well minus a few intances were the game froze for a few seconds. This game has great innovation to it, I would like to recommend this game, but it has a certain flaw that I just can't overlook. I am of course talking about the custom music section, a section that promises to let you play your own music tracks, but unfortunatly you have to manually create the play track for your own music. Now this is not a bad idea for people who understand how to do it, but for people who do not though, this comes off as a BIG problem since those people can't play their own music. In conclution, this came is flawed so I can't really recommend it for what it is currently, hopefully with some updates they could add a section where the game scans the song file and automaticlly creates a track based off the difficulty the player chooses. Until then I cannot get fully invested in this game."
,Recommended,255370,12476887,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,it's miscu,"The tracklist can be spotty in places (Papa Roach? Really?), but outside of that, this is one of the best rhythm games on Steam right now. While it seems simple in only using the four game pad face buttons (and triggers for power-ups), the upper difficulty levels are incredibly tough, even for a rhythm game veteran.There's Pendulum music too. Yeah. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who likes rhythm games."
,Not Recommended,255370,12445135,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,LocalNeko,"I'm unsure as to whether or not this song deserves a thumbs up or a thumbs down.  It's a great concept, and with the songs already in the game, it works well.  The game is extremely fun, with good music preloaded, and lots of customizable costumes.  However, the preloaded content is still limited.  So they added a system to import your own music.  Great.  Except for one small problem:  The game doesn't detect the beat of the music what so ever.  Instead, it depends on you to ""tap"" out the rythm at 3 places within the song, and then it just creates a general layout based on your beats.  So you could just tap a random rythm and see how it looks compared to the song you put in.  Because of this, I have to give this a thumbs down."
76561198034374409,Not Recommended,255370,11014097,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Arcueid,"Warning, if any of your music isn't mp3, either convert it or don't buy this game because I found out the hard way it doesn't even support .wav files.Otherwise its fun, but that really hurts the game for me at least for beating my own music modes (considering every other rythm game i own supports other formats)"
,Not Recommended,255370,10880446,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ScarredHeathen,Although this game is somewhat entertaining it only last for the very few select tracks it comes with. You are able to add your own songs in Mp3 format which gets rid of some sound quality and also does not work very well. I tried it with a couple of songs and it didn't work. I lost interest in the game very quickly.
,Recommended,255370,11456348,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kim,Super fun game!
,Recommended,255370,11602411,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Draylynn,"If you like DDR/Stepmania, this game spins things up a bit. Some of the tracks are a bit.. meh, but a majority are catchy, beat-feeling, key mashing machines.The story's somewhat hillarious though, in a good way.^^"
,Recommended,255370,12088409,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,hickwarrior,"Kickbeat is a rhythm game that follows the usual rhythm game mechanics, with a few twists. It looks good, as long as you turn off the dynamic camera, and plays well but can be quite a chaotic mess to follow sometimes. And it has a story. That you can skip.When you start up this game, for the love of god, play the tutorial. Although it is quite similar to certain rhythm games, like Dance Dance Revolution, there is one mechanic that I haven't in other of these types of games. But let's start with the basics: You are standing in the middle while the enemies start to circle you. You have to hit these enemies on the rhythm of the music. The better you perform the higher the score. However, you can make mistakes and quite a lot of them too. As well, certain can have power ups, and you'd need to double tap the button in order to get the power ups. It's not truly necessary, but to get five stars on all stages it definitely will be. Having done 1 playthrough of both story modes, Mei being played on a harder setting, I managed to get through it and never lost once. Mind you, I played it on the easier settings, with 2 other difficulty settings being harder.You could also create your own music to challenge... but only if you have a good grasp of the rhythm of it, since the game doesn't seem to be able to create the beat on its own. I have to try that myself, but I hope it can do a better job than I can, since I tend to play tracks that are off beat by a lot.Overall, the game plays well and is very responsive. The tracks present in the game are quite good to play this game to... But like I said, the game can also throw you into a bad loop.There's chaos in this game sometimes, depending on the track you play. While it looks pretty good, the graphics can also screw you over. That is why I suggest to turn off dynamic camera, since it can throw off your rhythm if you tend follow it and look at the screen. At one point, I couldn't figure out where I was supposed to push a button or two simultaneously because it was that busy. Maybe I should only look at the buttons on screen though, see if that works. But beware if you actually are going to play this game.The story mode is for unlocking other modes as well as another character. You really don't need to follow that story at all, since it's quite shallow. Most rhythm games don't even have a story, you just go and get your rhythm on. Luckily, the cutscenes can be skipped. I'm not sure if I can unlock tracks from freeplay mode though. I'll have to see that one.I'm not sure how long the game will last for me. But if you like rhythm games, give this one a shot. I definitely did enjoy my time, even if it got frustratingly chaotic at some points."
,Recommended,255370,24461126,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,OmicronEXE,"Probably my favorite rhythm game yet. It's a little buggy when you upload your own music, but the tracks that come with it work wonderfully and have a good variety of musical styles. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198059358921,Not Recommended,255370,28705084,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hightime1011,After giving it a good try!  I fail bad at this game!  They have to update this game to super easy!  Every thing is nice but game play is just too hard!
76561198053606979,Recommended,255370,29460541,Posted: 24 January,all,ThunderT,"It's a decent little rhythm game. Could have used a wider variety of songs, but the big thing that holds it back for me is that the custom track option doesn't support mp4, which is a bit of a shame.Get it if it's on sale and you enjoy rhythm games is my tip."
,Recommended,255370,33259222,Posted: 4 July,all,Circlez2001,"do you like fighting game ?do you like rhythm game ?This is game for you,the movement are so smooth i can even feel the beat on song playin it when fight surrounded by bad people.and the concept are so cool !!i like concept on tokyo,last level.. that was cool AF XDon master diff,3 button was hard to mash...but i manage controller with arrow and WASD. still worth it though.i dunno why pypol give this game bad review ( '-') but nyerr... guess they have sync issues ? who know."
