user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,255390,15547429,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,genkicoll,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood(Platformer-Puzzle)We have some basic options:  Vibration (if you're using a controller), Sound Effects, Music, Subtitles (NOT on unless you turn them on), and Use Arrow keys (if you prefer not to use or don't have a controller), and then there are settings for the grapics, low, medium, and high.  There are also six languages to choose from.  The game automatically adjusted for my widescreen, but it can be played Windowed by hitting Alt-Enter, if you wish.The game begins in a veryLabyrinth-esque way, and it's up to you to save your brother from the trouble you caused for him. ;p  Gameplay starts out as a very basic platformer, but it's not long until you start gaining some powers, and that's where the true charm of the game starts shining through.  The puzzle mechanics are brilliantly realized, ranging anywhere from easy to perplexing, but not to the point of frustration.I was enjoying the puzzle aspect of the game so much that I was actually a bit disappointed when, in latter levels, we started needing to depend on quick decision-making, and at times, good reflexes!  It wasn't until the final sequence of the game that I remembered -- Oh yeah, this is what platformers used to be all about! (ie. Donkey Kong Country, etc.)  The beauty of these sections is that, while they may be difficult, they are still doable!  It may take a dozen tries, but it CAN be done, AND you don't have to keep starting the level over again to achieve it, as the automatic save-points are well-spaced.Something I truly love about the game is the graphics.  Sure, they're pretty, but the devs did an amazing job making a side-scrolling platformer *feel* like a 3D game by periodically changing up the perspective.  Beautifully done, devs, I'm very impressed! :DThe music was nicely-chosen, and I enjoyed the voices, as well -- especially some of Max's ""YEEES!"" moments. lol~Points to remember:- You can attach vines to a myraid of objects, ranging from branches to boulders and more.- Items can be cut at the base OR the tip!- Be creative and don't give up!  The devs give us a lot of freedom with our powers, and sometimes it's going to be trial-and-error figuring things out.There are a couple of things to be on the lookout for whilst you're running around.  They are beholders (plants with eyeballs at the end of a stalk that allow the user to spy on the world) and pieces of an amulet.  These collectibles are not *needed* to complete the game, but they sure do add an extra bit of fun. XD  You can replay a chapter at any time (even after you've completed the game) from via the menu, and looking at the menu during gameplay will show you how many you have left to find on your current level.  In addition, there are 27 Achievements for you to earn, another plus in my books.Overall, I foundMax: The Curse of Brotherhoodto be a delightful game, full of beauty, danger, excitement... and tempered with just a splash of good old fashioned platformer-frustration.  I would say that it's OK to play with older kids, but perhaps not little ones.  There's a big scary monster in there (whom I find to be absolutely fabulous!), but it might upset younger children.Highly recommended!"
76561198028501919,Recommended,255390,10227882,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,yolka,"This game is modern ""Heart of Darkness"" (1998) i'd say! I like it!"
,Recommended,255390,18101139,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,dangerhighdoltage,"Max.  You little pleasing title you.  Sometimes, during a steam sale, I grab something that looks interesting and just hope it pans out.  This game looked nice. Puzzley platformifisizing and all that.  Figured, why not it's only $3.75.  What a fantastic surprise.If you are like me and tend to gravitate to action platforming a la Prince of Persia and Tomb Raider as well some some puzzling going on then this very well might fit in your library quite snuggly.Max's brother is abducted by an evil villain named Mustachio - WARNING:  This title is very anti-mustache and any facial hair aficionados might be offended.  His lil bro is then sucked into a netherworld from which only Max can save him.  I don't know why.  If it was *my* little brother I would be turning his room into a new play room and stealing all his legos.  But I suppose brotherly love must overcome and all that.Off the bat you'll encounter some tutorials on drawing with your mouse or controller.  Yep, I know it sounds bad, right?  But it's actually pretty easy. I even did it entirely with my controller.  You solve puzzles by drawing vines, branches, water spouts, exploding fire, earth columns, and probably some other stuff I have totally forgotten by now.  These things you draw not only to solve puzzles but also to make up the framework for the platforming.  The puzzles are good, some even causing me to say ""what the.."".  While being somewhat casual a few  will actually stump you for awhile.  Now, the  platforming is on the medium level until level 6 where is bumps up to a bit-more-than-medium, the majority of the tougher bits towards levels 5 and 6.  And it's done well, usually with a giant monster chasing you.  Very action oriented and guess what?...you have to solve puzzles on the fly while being chased by an evil monster and timing the platforming.  YES.  It's that type of game.Is it hard?  Before level 5 it is fairly casual gamer friendly.  Level 5 requires more brain activity and Level 6 requires some quick maneuvering.  The final boss is hardish, but once you figure out what to do it's a piece of cake.  Hardness...7/10.  For an extra challenge there are some artifacts and eyeball spy camera plants to uproot.  I got some of those, but frankly my steam library is too damn big to try to 100% a lot of games. Time management yo.Graphics are sorta kinda Pixar looking. They look great and run well.  I would not say it was stunning, but definitely pretty.  Had zero crashes using a few PC's and ran pretty well overall at 60 FPS with a mediorce system.  Sounds are well done and the menus are easy to navigate.  Save spots are set in good places, and I have to say it was a wonderful produced game all in all.If you like action puzzle platformers, then give this a go.  Wonderful title and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,255390,10195140,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Gyrations,"A quick-paced, simple sidescrolling puzzle game. The graphics are great and so is the art style, all the landscapes are beautiful and vibrant and the characters are distinctive and interesting to look at.The puzzles aren't particularly difficult, at least at the beginning, but they're satisfying and fun to do so it preserves replay value and, since you respawn pretty close to where you die, they don't get frustrating.Lots of fun and very cool!"
,Recommended,255390,12739247,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Having grown up with two younger brothers, I can empathize to Max’s annoyance at his younger brother Felix fiddling with his stuff, making a mess of his room, and seeming to exist only to get on his nerves. I might not have gone so far as to enact an occult rite and banish my brothers to an unknown fantasy world (though I might have wanted to at times), but at least Max realizes the gravity of what he unintentionally did pretty fast and sets off to save his brother from a creepy old man who intends to steal his youth, Gruntilda the Witch style.A sequel mostly in name and lead character only to Max and the Magic Marker, The Curse of Brotherhood almost entirely ditches the free form drawing that made up the core of its predecessor, opting instead to streamline its mechanics and add a significant amount of cinematic flair, coming together in a far more focused, inspired, and varied experience.Though it is still referred to as a marker, Max’s tool of choice has been reworked into a powerful instrument with which you can now control various elements in order to help Max traverse through levels. The implementation of this still bares a resemblance to Max’s marker of old, allowing you a small amount of freedom to direct elements into specific shapes and paths, but it’s far more natural and embedded in the experience than before and works well within the constraints of a controllers precision, rarely requiring a great deal of precision and only occasionally imposing any sort of time limit.The Curse of Brotherhood has rather obviously been designed so as to rarely frustrate the player, or tax them with tricky platforming segments or puzzles, and this simplicity and hand holding is in some ways a bit tedious when the answer is almost always immediately apparent, but overall I actually found the breezy pace rather refreshing. It allowed me to appreciate the gorgeous environments and enjoyably cliched story without many threats or pauses as I got stuck. It provides just enough stimulation to remain engaging, but is accessible enough that it’s a game I could feel confident recommending to a younger player or a parent wanting to play with their child (which is a disappointingly low number of games).At around 4-5 hours it’s a fairly brisk adventure, but I never felt as if something was cut or missing, nor did any moment feel like needless filler. Every segment is interesting and important to the game, and this consistency and constant variety makes it easy to wind up playing through the entire thing in but a few sittings. That’s not a slight against the game by any means, but a complement to its excellent pacing and inspired level design.The handful of moments that stand out as poor in my mind are actually those near the end which begin to ask more of the player than before, and the slightly awkward controls have a bit of trouble keeping up. The end boss fight also proved the most disappointing part of the game, with an uninspired encounter that ups the difficulty just enough to be frustrating and would have ended the game on a rather lackluster note had it not been for the charming cutscene immediately following.It’s probably an understatement to say I was rather taken aback by how much I ended up enjoying The Curse of Brotherhood. Its beautiful scenery pulled me in, and the leisurely platforming and puzzle solving kept me there throughout an experience that continued to surprise me the further I got in. Some may scoff at the low difficulty, but in terms of simple fun and creativity I haven’t played something quite as nice for too long.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
76561198124820442,Recommended,255390,10201239,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Nebby,"Max is your basic side-scrolling platformer game with a bunch of great stuff in it. The controls are simple enough to learn, and much of the game is merely setting up your next move: figuring out how to get from point A to point B with as little dying as possible. While much is possible to go slow and steady, there are many points in the game that requrire precise timing and vine-laying and otherwise to ensure that your enemies die or are trapped, and that you don't fall down a sudden hole that opened up underneath you.For those that are story oriented, Max has a nice storyline that progresses kinda predictably (ish), but its a great story that'll be relateable for anyone with siblings who have at times wished they would disappear. . . who weren't aware that they might actually be taken into another world.For those not sure whether the game would be worth it or not, here's the basic premise: You play as a kid named Max trying to save his brother from an old magician named Mostacho, who like his name entails, boasts a moustache. You take him down using a magic marker, in both senses of the word (its a literal magic marker, who doesn't wanna play with that?),  that has been imbibed with the soul of an old woman (the guide of the story, gotta have one of those).So yeah, I'd recommend trying this game out and seeing what you think!"
,Recommended,255390,34148508,Posted: 10 August,all,Lady Zana,"Note: verdict, pro/con list and practical info can be found at the bottom of this review|| Max: The curse of brotherhood - full review ||WithMax: The curse of brotherhood,the developers fromPress Playbring us a new 2d puzzle-platformer, which seems to be an all-around improvement of their previous game namedMax and the magic marker.In this title, we play as Max once again - on a mission to save our annoying little brother Felix, whom we 'accidently' sent away through a portal - to a magical and dangerous place. A place ruled by the fearsome Lord Mustacho; an old, bitter man who wishes to revitalise himself with a young spirit. Armed with a (magical) marker only, the grand adventure to save Felix from Mustacho begins!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1099528235° Forget about guns and swords, a magic marker it isUpon arriving the magical lands that we sent our brother to, we receive strange powers for our - at first - seemingly useless marker. Those powers are granted by the wise old lady, who is portrayed as Mustacho's opponent. This new improved marker allows for the creation and destruction of various objects, such as dirt pillars, branches, vines ... which play an essential role in the game's puzzle-platforming sequences. Want to reach the top of a hill? How about you draw a dirt pillar to raise yourself all the way up. How to reach the other side of the tree? Why, just draw yourself a vine and swing across!Maxstays relatively fresh throughout as new mechanics are regularly introduced and each new chapter grants your marker with new powers, depending on the environment you find yourself in - or so it seemed. It must not have been a coincidence that within the forest, I reveived the power to draw branches and vines, whereas in the wetlands, I was able to create water streams to help me navigate through the levels.° An engaging adventureI found the gameplay to be overall fun and exciting. It starts out pretty simple and basic, but in the later chapters you'll have to actively combine certain objects to complete the various puzzles that the game has in store. There are also certain 'escape' scenes to deal with, as in: run away from different threats against time. Most of the puzzles never get really challenging, but that didn't seem to bother me as they were always fun to do and solve. Some of them are quite creative too, which made for an enjoyable experience. Who says games need to be difficult in order to be fun?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1101412967The real 'difficulty' comes in another form than puzzle solving, and that is dealing with the somewhat ... clunky controls. More often than not - when I entered a new level -, I could figure out what to do pretty quickly. When I actually wanted to execute my solution, I would regularly fail because of how weird the controls can be from time to time. Jumping/climbing is not always as accurate, and let's not even talk about the amount of times I fell to my death whilst swinging on vines - missing my destination by mere millimeters.Onto the game's length and replay ability: The game consists of 7 chapters in total and lasts for about 6 to 7 hours, which I found to be just about right. Some additional hours could be acquired by hunting down all of the game's collectibles, which consist of destroying evil eyes and collecting secrets. The great thing is that you don't have to replay the whole game while looking for all achievements, as seperate chapters can easily be accessed in the main menu. Sadly, collecting all eyes & secrets doesn't really hold any significance within the story - it is merely a reason to catch 'em all. However, what good is a platformer without any sort of secrets to track down, right?° A family friendly experienceIf one thing became clear whilst playingMax,it is how child friendly this game truly is. From the story to the gameplay to the cutscenes, this game strikes me as something that could easily be enjoyed by the whole family. Right from the start - when I loaded up the game for the first time - until the end, I was filled with a somewhat nostalgic feeling, probably because of the charming music, the entertaining cinematics and the loveable cartoony look of the game. In a certain way, it kind of resembles games and cartoons I used to play/watch as a kid. If you're still not convinced, well, the game's antagonist is called Lord Mustacho ... LORD MUSTACHO!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1099527974I do recommend this game, but please keep in mind that it is not a perfect game by any means. While the music is very charming and cute, it is rather simplistic and not all that memorable. Secondly, the game's got a sweet look, but don't expect AAA visuals. And lastly (and I mentioned this in the section above), the controls can be a bit odd/stubborn sometimes and can therefore make the game a little bit tedious/irritating at times. In the end, the game feels like an avarage title. Not amazingly good, but not bad either. Just good, but still definitely worth playing in my book.|| Game overview ||Verdict: - yes, if: you can look past its flaws | Definitely recommended on sale (=$2.50)ProsConsFamily friendlyClunky controlsexciting & engaging adventureSometimes tedious/irritatingCreative and fun puzzlesCharming tunes & cartoony looksGenre (tags): 2d puzzle-platformerAverage length: 6 hrsDeveloper: Press PlayPublisher: Microsoft Game StudiosRelease date: 21st May 2014Platform: pc, Xbox 360, Xbox One"
,Recommended,255390,28320239,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood has been a pleasing experience on the eyes. I got sick over the weekend and wanted something childish to entertain myself. And this game has ""children game"" screaming all over it.That being said, it reminded me of the days when I was young, and we were stuck infront of the TV trying to solve donkey kong levels and crash bandicoots. This game is like a mixture of those old games and Trine where you need to ""draw"" things to help solve the different levels.I was a little intimidated by having to jump around and draw at the same time, however any moment where you're in action. (Like running from a giant child-eating monster) and have to draw a rope, or a bridge, or something the time slows down. It's still challenging enough that I mess up and die a few times, but easy enough that I could easily see this being one of the first games a child tries to play.I had quite a few good laughs on Max's behalf, his animations were lovely. You could crawl through narrow spaces, but if you didn't do it soon enough you'd hit Max's big head. I giggled. Several times. As Max hit his head, fell down, got stuff thrown ontop of him as he moaned, complained and cried.Pick this up on the next sale! It's worth the few hours :) Only a pity the developing company got bought by another company that isn't focusing on PC games. I'd love to see more stuff from these guys!"
76561197969786508,Not Recommended,255390,12012500,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,apophispro,"As a fan of the puzzle platformer genre, I couldn't figure out what rubbed me the wrong way about this game. Many major design elements are well done. There are optional puzzles requiring more innovative solutions that result in their own achievements. There's also a steady build in your abilities as you advance. Yet I stopped playing about a third of the way through, and I didn't have much of a desire to continue.The missing element is player ingenuity. I'm not personally a fan of entirely linear puzzles. I like games where I can develop a strategy on the fly. Some of my favorites in this genre are Mark of the Ninja, Trine 1/2 and Gunpoint. Those games are characterized by an ability of the player character which the game does not guide you in how to use. It only makes opportunities to use it available. I like the lego set mentality of game design. ""Here's a really cool thing with something you could build, but do whatever you want with it.""To me, a magic marker that changes the play environment promises a whole lot of player experimentation, but there isn't any. Every puzzle, every movement you make, is completely linear. It's pre-determined, and there's no alternate way to solve it. The abilities can only be used on pre-marked 'ability areas' that provide the solution to the puzzle. The puzzles are not difficult. I found myself fighting the controls more often than an intellectual challenge. In the end, it's like playing an FPS where every really cool kill you get automatically switched your weapon, highlighted your target, and all you had to do was click. The rest of the time you just proceed where the directional arrow tells you to.I think the game doesn't deliver on its promise of a magic marker in that respect. There's still quite a bit to be enjoyed here if the completely linear aspect doesn't bother you. The animation is great. I found the controls a little clunky but hardly unusable. Some of the puzzles are entertaining even if not hard, and the story is almost worth playing through in itself. Gameplay is king though, and I wanted something that would beg for a second playthrough just so I could change things a different way the next time."
76561198274269784,Recommended,255390,32305486,Posted: 9 June,all,lpdealz,"the first video game i have every completed in my life. loved the physics and problem solving. not like any other game i've ever played. great graphics, like a pixar movie. fun sound/music. the drawing feature is really unique. definitely a couple tricky parts, but it never felt boring or redundant."
76561198134509614,Recommended,255390,25652689,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,lil aeryn,"Unless you were a younger sibling you are going to deny it. Those pesky younger siblings just get in the way of your fun time always wanting to be in your way. So some of us can relate to poor Max when he types into Giggle …” how to make my brother go away”! Since this is a videogame and not real life it ACTUALLY happens and Felix gets sucked into another world. It up to Max to save him. It is his fault after all…..Artwork and Voice ActingThis game look gorgeous even on my laptop which has poor specifications. On a better powered system this game would look amazing. The voice work was a treat to the ears and had a lot of personality to it. Max sounds like a cocky young kid and some of his lines are funny. Felix sounds…. whiny, our villain sounds campy and old lady sounds… old and wise.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=764785732GameplayThe game mechanic is the use of a marker to solve many puzzles over several chapters to save Felix. I didn’t have this issue but I feel I should mention it. Some players may prefer keyboard and mouse controls as the puzzles get complex to draw for better accuracy. The checkpoints in this game are generous. For the longer time based sections, the slow motion transitions give the player more than enough time to get drawing.For the most part, especially in earlier stages, the solution seems easy. However, your success at progressing is going to depend on several things: getting your drawings right, angles, precision and speed which becomes more obvious with game progression. What this puzzle platformer gets right, which some games fail at, is getting the difficulty spike just right. It introduces more elements and intricate puzzles at an even pace so you don’t feel frustrated and overwhelmed at any point.After a long journey to get to the big boss the final fight left me feeling “is that it?”. However, on reflection I remembered that this is a family friendly puzzle platformer and if it was too hard it might be a problem. And I also realised he’s called mustacho….MUSTACHO!! Ultimately I decided this is all about the journey so I decided to let this one go in the end.ConclusionFor the gamers who like to collect or gain achievements there is some extended play in this. I consider this anessentialpurchase if you like cute family puzzle platformer This game is onfrequent saleat the 75% mark which having played this is criminal. After playing this I would of payed a lot more. Make sure to grab it in a sale if it’s your cup of tea or at least try the demo out…."
,Recommended,255390,14748390,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This was a fun platformer with a cool draw/erase mechanic to help you overcome some of the physics puzzles in the game. It also reminds me very much of the style of cartoon animation used in such shows as Jimmy Neutron. Looks very much like shows such as that.The game itself features you, Max, trying to save your little brother from an evil scientist-y guy while avoiding his massive monster henchman, various obstacles, and so on along the way.The gameplay was fairly seamless and this game was very well done in my opinion. The backdrops/scenery was beautifully rendered, and the animations were spot on. The puzzles, whether run and jump, draw and erase, or whatever, were not too challenging, but also never were boring. I really cant find any flaws with this game, except that maybe the story was a bit lite, but then again, it is set up like a cartoon, so that really isnt surprising necessarily.All told, I give this game an 8 out of 10. It wasnt amazing, but it was really well done regardless."
,Recommended,255390,20540324,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,avenger810,positive and colorfulLIMBOwith the magic marker!!!7.5/10
76561198256134130,Recommended,255390,31745065,Posted: 14 May,all,jimmybibby85,Max is a great game. My 4 year old absolutely loves it and always asks to play it. She has even been able to play it. I would recommend Max to any parents as it is completely harmless fun for the little ones. Good introduction for kids
,Recommended,255390,25003343,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,FOXX5,"Fun, funny, platform puzzle solver. Game saves for you making this very fun and not frustrating like some other games out there. Graphics and sounds were great. Most puzzles were pretty easy, there are a few good ones though. Thr game is kinda short, but has some unique features by allowing you to alter the eviroment a bit. I got this in a bundle awhile back so it was worth the cost. I would give it 88/100 pick it up during a steam sale.Now go give you brother or sister a hug."
,Recommended,255390,14927297,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,work4dvd,"After seeing others compare this to HEART OF DARKNESS, I immediately downloaded the demo. Shortly after playing through the demo, I purchased the full game.I no doubt spent many more hours than most, but I obtained all achievements today. Spending time searching for all of Mustacho's eyes and pieces of the amulet was well spent. Overall, the game is extremely fun, with great cartoony graphics and platforming and puzzles that won't drive you crazy.If you have any interest in the game based on reviews and/or screenshots, try the free demo. If you like the demo, you'll undoubtedly like the full game."
,Recommended,255390,19721388,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,M.I.R.A.G.E,"Dear Potential Buyer, do you have a sibling? If yes, GET THIS GAME. JUST BUY IT. Ask questions later. If no, GET THIS GAME ANYWAY JUST BECAUSE.Max is a wonderful game. I cannot recommend it enough. Its exhilarating and absolutely fun. I cannot stress enough how fun this game is.It starts off pretty chill and mellow, allowing you to get a handle on things. You have an infinite about of chances to carry on from your previous self-saving checkpoint (which is throughout several places in the game) so you don't ever have to go back and redo and entire portion of the game itself, this also applies when you exit and re-enter the game. Once you get further into the game, your item (a marker) gets better and the puzzles become a lot more complex, but not too much that its frustrating. There's no 'one' way to solve a particular puzzle, sometimes you can just get really creative with it and see how far that gets you.YOU HAVE A MAGIC MARKER WHICH AIDS YOUR QUEST. A MAGICAL MAGIC MARKER! DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND THE HIDDEN PUN IN THIS GAME? Bloody hell. I love this idea of an actual magic marker. You're going to love it as well, it gets the neatest little upgrades as your progress and you even use it as a flashlight ._.The controls are simple af, its so simple that you can actually play this on your laptop, with your touchpad and you'd still manage through this game without much of a sweat. Additionally, the graphics are amazing and it flows so well. Its like you're in a little cartoon with such an interesting plot!That's not to say that this game is easy peasy. Going through this, the game makes having fun more important than the difficulty of challenges. Most you will find easy af while others will take some time (and dying) to get through.I could go on forever about this game, but fear not! I won't. I snagged this game while it was on sale and its something I will never regret (and I am picky af when it comes to games). Its definitely worth getting. Even if you're not into platformers, I can guarantee that this game will leave you feeling satisfied. Give it shot. You won't regret it."
76561198063042468,Recommended,255390,31809288,Posted: 17 May,all,432 Hz,"If I hadn't checked the rating for this game, I would have constantly asked myself: ""Why not 'overwhelmingly positive'?"" 95% is needed for that category, this game has a rating of 94%; maybe 95% after I submit this review....PS Example Side-scroller with beautiful art! the Magic Marker (drawing) is a nice addition, a marker you have to learn working with. Especially in my case, using a Logitech keyboard with integrated touchpad; challenging sometimes.95/100% ;-)"
,Recommended,255390,32786347,Posted: 25 June,all,ThatNickGuy,"An incredibly charming platformer. It's not particularly difficult, but it's a lot of fun. The magic marker mechanics, which evolve as the game progresses, make for some fun puzzles. It's also a great example of using the Unity engine when it's not wasted on useless asset flips.Definitely worth checking out on a sale."
,Recommended,255390,15970192,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,stubar,"This is one of the best puzzle platformer's I have played.  Tight controls, well-paced, nice variety and steady progression of puzzles (and they are fun too!) and very polished.Truly a great mix of platform and puzzles."
,Recommended,255390,13713153,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Serieus,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is the sequel and Max & the Magic Marker.  This time around it's a 2.5D experience of Max trying to rescue the brother he accidentally wished would disappear.  This time the magic marker can only be used in specific locations and can only draw specific types of aids for Max to accomplish his goals (i.e. water, vines, raise platforms, etc...).  There is less freedom than in the last game, but that doesn't stop this game from being a great game.  The levels are well set up to allow for good puzzles to be solved and for the platforming portion of the game to be somewhat difficult at times where timing is everything.  The graphics are beautiful and the sounds and voice acting is perfect for this type of game.  Great fun for kids and adults."
76561197990655607,Recommended,255390,30401082,Posted: 8 March,all,menaKer,"It's rare, but sometimes it happens to stumble upon a little known game and then discover that it's a proper hidden gem.The title is a platform game with mild puzzles which tastes and smells like a pixar cartoon, very neat, polished and funny, very good entertainment.Nothing here is astonishing, it is no masterpiece, it's just a lovely game to play.Enjoy"
,Recommended,255390,11027336,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kongoth,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!I added this game to the list of ""most beautiful 2d games of all time""if you are a fan for (heart of darkness or oddworld) like myself, you must play this gameyou will find same lovely experience of (heart of darkness or oddworld)- awesome gameplay- nice puzzles- I like the way of switching between keyboard & mouse- story was very simple & fun"
,Recommended,255390,11310295,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ryne,"8/10 -One of the best platformers out there. This one drew me in from it's art style to it's way of solving puzzles. You get this marker which you can raise platforms, create vines, branches, water waves and more. Not only can you create these things but you can actually draw, cut, pull and push them...like if you wanted to make a circle out of a branch, cut it and then let it roll down a hill you can. It makes really unique and interesting puzzles you won't see anywhere else. This game may seem like a kids game because of it's story but don't let that turn you off from playing it."
76561197968114974,Recommended,255390,10335252,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lorewin,"Relaxing and enchanting, with excellent controls.  (And occasional moments of frantic timing).Max is beautifully animated, with a stronger focus on puzzles than platforming;  in most areas you're constructing your own ""platforms"" made of earth, branches, vines or (the most fun) water, in order to progress.The world has fixed points where you can spawn the different items by ""drawing"" them with your magic marker.  This does mean that typically there's only a single approach to a problem, but it keeps the game flowing nicely; you're unlikely to be stuck for too long on an area, and if you are the checkpoints are very forgiving.  (Getting the optional collectible amulet parts  can involve a little more head scratching).An extra element is added as  branches and vines can be detached from their spawn point and then dragged (or rolled if you managed to draw a circle) around.As a platformer, it's naturally made for the gamepad.  However, I'm playing it with both gamepad and mouse - the mouse really helps when drawing platforms to get the right shape/curve. As you can't move when drawing in any case, the switching between mouse and gamepad is seamless - great work by the devs."
76561197972590127,Recommended,255390,32793034,Posted: 25 June,all,Mad Dog Kenrod,"This is a brilliant platformer for young children. The production values are very high. The artwork, puzzles and storyline are pitched just nicely to be challenging for young children without being scary, gory or violent. My six-year-old loved it. Highly recommended. Would love more!"
,Recommended,255390,12024547,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kynji,"Very enjoyable physics-based puzzle platformer. The graphics are well done and the puzzles can be downright tricky at times. Ingenuity and timing are both important--neither of which I possess in great quantities, but I still find the game playable. I play with an Xbox One controller--I imagine using a keyboard would be much more difficult.Collecting all of the items and secrets is much more challenging than I had anticipated as well, giving this game a nice layer of added (optional) difficulty.I rarely play platformers through to the end, but this is one of the few games I'll play to completion. Very enjoyable game. If you're debating this one, I recommend purchasing it!"
,Recommended,255390,20954548,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,granixlala,"Best puzzle platformer!  10/10The idea of magic marker is fun.Sometimes, you have to solve the puzzle and do the action at the same time. Very exciting!Great animation and story.I guess felix is brainless.If you like  trine 2 singleplayer mode, go ahead. I bet you like this game. Definitely worth its price."
76561198002871766,Recommended,255390,31440163,Posted: 29 April,all,Gatts,"It's a fun 2d based game,  it's has it's unique ideas and interesting puzzles to solve.but it's a little childish(not like for 12 years but i can get boring) and very easy game. there aren't any challenges that took me to solve more than 10 seconds.I would recomend it for 4 hours fun, but never ever buy it with out sale, it's worth like 5 buck at most."
,Recommended,255390,10268162,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lomax67,"This game in a word is... fun. The story is charming and brilliantly narrated. It has  imaginative levels & Max has some very creative specail abilities.  It's atmospheric, and the game feels very well produced and polished...as if Pixar has been working on it.  Of course, it's not Dark Souls when it comes to difficulty, but so what. This is a different game. It's not designed to frustrate you. It has good puzzles, some deaths, and plenty of suprises, but not to the point where you'll throw you're gamepad away.  I played this game with my eight year old daughter and we both loved it. It's an excellent choice for a family friendly game, but not by any means saccharine.  If you're looking for some good classic gaming fun in a modern 2D platformer go for this. At the price they are selling it for it's an absolute bargain."
,Recommended,255390,31572636,Posted: 5 May,all,maximumcabbage,"I was almost in love with this game. It has a lovely art style, decent controls, and interesting mechanics. But for everything it does right, it also does it wrong. The controls are sometimes flawless, but occasionally frustrating. The pen mechanic is fun, but can get monotonous. Yet, the thing that hurt this game the most is that it long overstayed its welcome. With a little more focus and streamlining, this game could have been great, but instead, it's just good. Still, I enjoyed it enough to reccomend it to people who can find the fun in most games. Otherwise, get it on sale."
,Recommended,255390,28496709,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nilabraz,"A fun game that you can finish in 6-12 hours. The visuals are gorgeous and the vistas breathtaking. The gameplay mechanics are unique and fun and not frustrating at all. I love it. The atmosphere is reminiscent of Eric Chahi's Heart of Darkness, an older 90s platformer game that I deeply love. I recommend this game if you liked everything I mentioned earlier, it's a great game."
,Recommended,255390,13780631,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wakdikyat,Wow! A nice surprise for $3.74. Beautiful gameplay. Puzzles are easy and very forgiving so far. Love it.  One of Steam's hidden gem.
,Recommended,255390,11992114,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,FroZT301,"This game is the prime example of a modern puzzle-platformer done right. It exploits all the best elements from other 2D platforming gamer, notable nods to Heart of Darkness (1998), along with an incredible diversive gameplay tool in the form of the ""magic"" marker to make one of the most immersive and fun-to-play games I have played all year.- 9/10"
,Recommended,255390,11936815,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Orionsangel,"I'm a fan of 2d platformers. So this game was right down my alley, but after reading all the negative reviews about this game. I avoided it. Well now that it's so cheap. I took the plunge. I'm happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The graphics and controls are very good. I never thought using the marker was frustrating as many pointed out in their reviews. In fact I found it unique and creative. It was a welcomed addition to the game. If you're a fan of 2d platformers and want a unique twist on how you get around in a platformer. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,255390,12656550,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SickBoy,Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a great adventure platformer with solid puzzle gameplay for every member of the family!
,Recommended,255390,33570116,Posted: 15 July,all,Sadam,"Loved it! Deserves to stand among some of the greatest puzzle platformers such as the Oddworld series, Heart of Darkness, Trine and more. It's bright, the game plays well and challenges the player with moderately difficult puzzles. It's unique and at times intense. Buy it."
76561198102399227,Recommended,255390,18394908,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Wujek Spenser,"I'm suprised Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is not widely mentioned, as it is fun little game.It's supposed to be a sequel to Max and the Magic Marker, which I didn't play. But it is not a big loss. Out of couriosity I checked the other game on YouTube and my conclusion is, that developers where toying with the idea before delivering the real deal which is Curse of Brotherhood. And I'm suprised it didn't get the hype and reach as wide as Ori and the Blind Forest, as both are released by Microsoft studios.The kid named Max, who got rid of his brother via magic spell that he found on the internet. His brother Felix is captured through portal into another wolrd and Max jumps right after him realizing the consequences of his action. From now on you control Max, who get to use a magic marker. A simple item that let's you solve the puzzles throughout the game mixed with platforming. The marker allows you draw rock pillars, branches, lianes, water geysers at certain spots leaving you to figure out how to do it to proceed further or solve the puzzles. Not all of it will be available from the beginning, but as it is straight-forward side-scroller, there won't be any backtracking.Now, I need to mention that I play with my X360 controller and I have no idea how the game works with keyboard control. As for the gamepad it felt very smooth, both for controling Max and drawing stuff with the marker. Smooth and nice graphic won't obscure anything and light tutorial won't leave you clueless as to how to interact with objects. You will be able to draw Os from branches, cut them by the base and use it as an object you can climb onto. Some enemies apart from hazzards also serve as a solution to the puzzle. You also have to combine marker's abilities. All of that is explained in the game so you know how, but thankfully doesn't serve as a guide. The difficulty of the puzzles is various however. Normaly you'll be able to go through with very brief moments of reflection. Sometimes you may be stuck for longer, but never long enough to make you frustrated. Colorful and childish theme of the game may suggest it is for younger players and I encourage them to try it.There are collectibles in the game, but they serve no other purpose, than to chill your eventual OCD. There are evil eyes to collect and these may be placed in the areas that will take you longer to figure acces to. There are also pieces of the amulet of the Old Lady (she's kinda guiding you through the magic land), much harder to get. The main problem with it, is that the camera is very stiff and concetrated on Max. Sometimes you may be able to spot evil eye somewhere on the corner of the screen, but getting some of them requies leap of faith.The artstyle is simple but gorgeous, there is also superb voice-acting, a bit unexpected from a small game. Normally I play on my PC connected to 32"" LED TV so I can enjoy the graphics of such colorful games. However, considering the overall quality of the graphics it shouldn't struggle on older gear, but it does. I own 8GB RAM Laptop with 1GB RAM graphics card and quad core processor and had huge problem with cutscenes. I got the sound without visuals or got it with miserable framerate. No struggles on a PC, though.As Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is puzzle-platformer, have in mind it will play different than a straight-forward platformer. It is not very demanding game, there's a free demo available on Steam, that I would reccomend to try out first before buying the full game. It was fun for me.7/10"
76561197972144762,Recommended,255390,12036671,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Sathlin,I am loving this game.  Great artwork.  Great platforming.  Very uniquie Mechanic as well.Buy it.
,Recommended,255390,26193034,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","Max: The Curse of the Brotherhood is a pretty slick puzzle platformer. It's well animated with good cut scenes, the graphics look good, and it's very nicely voiced too. The first Max and the Magic Marker game was pretty good, but this is a vast improvement. Instead of drawing items while making sure you have enough ink to do so, all marker actions are context specific and ink management is no longer a concern, which makes the puzzles a lot tighter with a specific solution, but also more enjoyable because you'll always have the right amount of ink to find the correct solution to each puzzle/obstacle.You don't need to play the first game at all to enjoy the Curse of the Brotherhood, so feel free to skip the first game entirely. The plot of this game doesn't tie in with the first much at all, and closely resembles the 1986 David Bowie film ""Labyrinth"", in which an older sibling asks the goblin king (in the case of Max, he goes on the internet and asks an old man with a mustache... creepy) to take his/her younger brother away, and when it actually works he/she has to go into a fantasy land to save him.I played Max on a laptop and tried a number of input methods, the best by far I found to be using an Xinput compatible controller (I used an FC30 Pro, but any Xbox style controller should do the job). Touch screen wasn't usable which was pretty disappointing, and though the mouse trackpad did work, some time-sensitive actions were impossible to carry out using the trackpad. A regular mouse would probably be fine, but the controller has the advantage of the magic marker snapping-to on the nearest interactive object, and continuous direction by holding down the analogue stick, which is important in the later levels where you have to raise yourself up on high platforms quite quickly.8/10 - Worthmarkingin your wishlist if you like puzzle platformers"
,Recommended,255390,25468262,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,EViLBites,Feels like you're in a well made cartoon. Really polished with great attention to detail in the animations.
,Recommended,255390,29106104,Posted: 7 January,all,Cerenzio,"Such a cool game. I'm not a huge fan of the drawing, but, this game looks great, has hella tight controls, and is just a joy to play.It's a platformer, with superb control, nice grafics, and a really weird element, where you solve puzzle-like sections, by using a marker, to draw or undraw things. I have mixed feelings on that part, but, ultimatly, it's what set's this game apart from so many other similar games. However, the spot-on control, alone, was enough to sell me straight away. Unlikely you will be dissapointed by this game.I made 2 Let's play videos (maybe more by now?) Of levels 1-1 though 1-5. Feel free to have a look! :)https://youtu.be/GNIeWXliDrw"
,Recommended,255390,14396129,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,nate.inferis,"A polished, well-designed puzzle-platformer with a decent amount of challenge.  The controls are tight, the graphics are very well done.  Environments are gorgeous and the characters are very well animated,  Occasionally, there are some cheap, "" no way could you have seen that coming"" one-hit-kills but the checkpoint system is generous enough to prevent gamepad tossing.  Overall, a very good experience that comes highly recommended to fans of the genre."
,Recommended,255390,12287842,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JellyTots_ZA,"probably died 189 times, tried again until I figured it out! Great game, lots of fun and hours of gameplay with amazing graphics, cool storyline and it is very very entertaining!! Got it on special, did not think much of the game until I started playing it, im more than 8 hours in, 90% complete and I dont want it to finnish! Puzzles are not impossible, what I love about the game is the creators was more interested in creating a cool storyline and gamplay than trying to break your brain! One of my best impulsive buys on steam, and one day my son will love this game too!!"
,Recommended,255390,24105343,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CLAP.Solo,Nice Visuals!Interesting Story and Gameplay!Reminded me of PS1 Classics
76561197991132667,Recommended,255390,11943850,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,W01f,"I loved this game. It has very challenging situations that will test your wit. The story is put together very well and has moments of humor that will make you laugh. Although the game can be challenging, the hidden objects / collections do not make it easier on you. You'd have to really search if you want to find all of the hidden objects / collections. All together, this game makes a great play for any adult or teenager. I could see my niece and nephew (around 10 yrs old) getting frustrated with this game and asking for constant help. I would still recommend this game over many other games that I've played. This game has earned a spot toward the top of my list."
,Recommended,255390,11982029,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rogue,"Simple puzzle platformer.  Nice graphics, but the controls are little off, which makes some of the jumps more difficult than they should be.  Worth playing."
,Recommended,255390,21127954,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bunny,"graphics 10/10story 10/10smoothness 10/10 (unless your pc couldn't support high graphics)97% worth it, just that I hope they can update the game and make another story, maybe can switch between Max and Felix? If you finish the game, you'll be like ""wow I completed the game and collected all the stuff now what? "" Uninstall it is.Anyways, best platform game I've ever played, yes better than Super Mario."
76561198216182976,Recommended,255390,24039416,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,Great ExperiencePROS1) Nice Graphics2) GamePlay Superb Even its a 2d Game3) Story Is Totally Superb and developer nailed it in such a small Game.4) Sound Is GOOD.5) Game is very well optimized.6) Physics R Ok.No cons soo far keep it up
,Recommended,255390,14521861,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ChaosReigner,"So don't sell your little brother to a guy named Mustachio, if only I had this game when I was younger..."
76561198084141890,Recommended,255390,12632093,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,qmagnet,"Fantasticly fun puzzle platformer. The voice acting and graphics are so rich. I played this game with my children. It's a blast seeing them enjoy the gameplay and the storyline. Plus, the platforming puzzles are challenging enough but not too frustarting. I recommend playing this with a gamepad, as I used the keyboard and mouse and could tell it wasn't quite optimized for that game."
76561198029839679,Recommended,255390,28135058,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,risingrob,"Max: Curse of the Brotherhood is a puzzle platform adventure, which is heavy on a cinematic style, action-rich sequences and gives you a little bit of freedom on how to solve the puzzles. A good and enjoyable game overall, the overly simplistic story and minor technical flaws prevent it from being anything greater.What I liked:+ action-rich and cinematic opening+ beautiful 2.5 D level design+ awesome world and monsters+ animations very well done+ good music+ decent savepoints, but sometimes unfairly BEFORE an unskippable cutscene+ marker not only for puzzles, but as a flashlight+ physic puzzles of sweeping away bug+ fancy slow-motion puzzles+ use of cage to solve puzzles+ 6 hours playtime, just rightWhat I didn't like:- puzzle solutions obvious, I wish I could draw whatever, wherever- no rebindable keys!- the marker is way too big- alt+tab lead to instabilities- no sensitivity adjustment- pillars can't be adjusted, have to be redrawn- exploding tiny creates annoying and unnecessary- cutscene not triggered- puzzles sometimes very fiddly- most of the puzzles are very obvious- story foreseeable and very stereotypicalVerdict:Wait for a sale.Max: Curse of the Brotherhood is a puzzle adventure plattformer I liked most for its very cinematic 2.5 D artstyle and it's heavy cinematic style. However, the supposed freedom you had for solving the puzzles only lead to minor variances in solving the puzzles. Rarely you get the chance to come up with truly something of your own. Additionally technical annoyances like the inability to adjust the mouse sensitivity in the options and non-skippable cutscenes in addition to the stereotypical story of ""bad guy captures person you love, find and defeat him"" prevent this game from being anything exceptional.6 hours"
76561198170255631,Recommended,255390,21569041,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Obi-wan-kenobi,"Do you remember when Andy lost his dog Whiskey 1998. in ""Heart of darkness""? If you do you're probably not a kid any more. The time has come to take on another similar quest. This time you are going to save your annoying brother Felix. Max the curse of brotherhood is fantastic looking puzzle platformer for everyone from 6 to 106 years. It may look like a kids game but it is actually for everyone because of nicely dosed difficulty. Reminds me also of another game I adore -"" Limbo"". In the beginning it is a bit on a easy side and at the end it gets little bit hard. Most of the game is just right. It will take about 11 hours to complete 20 levels and that too is just right. Your only weapon (beside your wits) is magic marker with 5 magic abilities: ground elevation, branches, wines, air flow and flame balls. You use magic marker to resolve greatly conceived platform puzzles. Puzzles are just challenging enough for maximum joy without much frustration. As I come from 20 years of console gaming my default setup on Steam is Xbox 360 controller. It held it's own until the last segments of the game when it became impossible to control magic marker with speed and precision needed. Not to worry. When this occurs you grab your mouse for marker control and all is well again.You'll feel omnipotent with controller in one and mouse in another hand :-) Or just play on keyboard and mouse - maybe that is even better, I haven't tried. If you have any interest in this type of games buy this and enjoy. It is just as good as ""Limbo"" or ""Heart of darkness""."
76561198074322635,Recommended,255390,29757213,Posted: 7 February,all,jwanaps,"First of all this game is splendid!Fantastic Art style, cut-scenes, story, all linked with a fluid game play; with fun simplistic puzzles plus a unique thoughtfulness. It is 2.5D yet feels 3D because it has great production value and CGI!A game for ALL age groups!This game beats 'Brothers: A tale of two sons' in my opinion.Get this game especially on sale.9/10 Maxxxxx!"
,Recommended,255390,33167442,Posted: 2 July,all,JIMSL1CE,"Having played this on Xbox OneReplaying on PC because it is a very good platformerMany aspects are inspired by Limbo, with just as much unique gameplay elementsThis is a well thought out platformer, with very smooth controlsGreat for young children as well as adult's looking for a good Limbo style platformer$2.99 on sale 80% is a great price for a great game"
,Recommended,255390,33497330,Posted: 13 July,all,McCrazy,"So, after this game came in my sight, i thought i should buy it, because this game seems good if you see the screenshot. This game is a little bit harder, but really fun. I suggest all of you that you should buy this game, i can assure you that you'll never regret."
,Recommended,255390,30467557,Posted: 12 March,all,Karlog,Amazing game with nice graphocs. Thanks to PressPlay and MicrosoftStudios for this nice game.Had fun playing it.
,Recommended,255390,25811196,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,rexrerum,One of the best puzzle platformer around.
,Recommended,255390,24825327,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,KyleN7,This game is bloody gorgeous.
,Recommended,255390,25315892,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[KoC] Jaisus the Ultimate,"This one is a diamond in the rough! Bought it in a sale god knows how long ago and it's been rotting in my steam library ever since - needed another puzzle platformer to play after completing 'Inside' (another great game) and this fit the bill perfectly. Highly recommended, fantastic level design and clever puzzles - also lots of replayability if you want all the achievements (my next mission...)"
,Recommended,255390,25722032,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,leed_public,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a truly enjoyable platformer.  The artwork is stunning; as are the model designs, textures, and animation.  The ambient audio, music, and voice acting are all wonderful.  The level design is, for the most part, innovative and challenging; occasionally erring on the side of either too difficult or too easy.  The story is interesting, even if simple, and the main character is quite likable.The game isn't perfect, however.  First, the story and world are shamelessly similar in concept to Limbo.  The oracle and villain characters are as generic and unsophisticated as can be and, aside from the one boss, the game has only one baddie.  Also, the control mechanics are extremely challenging; whether you go with a keyboard and mouse or brave the controller.Even with its problems, Max is worth every penny I spent on it and every moment I spent playing it.  I recommend it highly."
76561198076535403,Recommended,255390,25705016,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kingsdude,"A fantastic 14 hour jaunt to the end.  This is the game version of the 1980's movie, ""The Labyrinth.""  What do you do after you cast a spell to get rid of your kid brother? Why go save him of course... !  This game is a platformer with puzzle elements done on a beautiful 2D plain.  I throughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,255390,17962408,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Very nice game. I love how it's so similar to Trine. The beautiful graphics really makes you appreciate the game a lot. At $3.75, I think it was worth okay. It took me 5 hours to complete the game so it didn't really hit the $0.50 per hour mark.PROS1. GraphicsFantastic. I love the foreground/background effects. E.g. The Monster carrying Felix away.2. Water StreamsLoved it. Like a water log ride at the amusement park except in all directions. I would have loved more long water stream combos.3. PuzzlesSome of puzzles got me stumped for a while or made me assume it was supposed to be done some other way. It was extremely fun and funny to pause on a kid's game.4. The MonsterI don't know why. It seems to resemble the monsters from Critters, yet I loved it. Too bad it died in the lava.CONS1. Missing Reappearing MarkerThe marker automatically disappears the moment you start moving and reappears the moment you pause. This on and off behaviour is very annoying as it makes it hard to gauge the marker's appearance.2. Collecting Amulet/Eyes is WorthlessIt's just an achievement. You don't even get anything impressive. It's not even for more fun.3. Incomplete Story?When the game ended and I saw the concept ideas, I was surprised to see dragons, underground lairs, gear movements, Smile Town residents and even strange forest critters. They looked great and I was hoping to see them within the game. Not having them gave me a feeling of missing out on so many interesting things that the developer could be doing."
,Recommended,255390,12165003,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,silverdoe,"Great visuals, decent port from console. Quite humorous story. Played best with controller, though."
,Recommended,255390,10462626,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,FlippyNips,"I was a little skeptical, but the price was great, and here’s why:-great graphics, even the pre-rendered scenes look good at full resolution-pretty good controls on keyboard+mouse & controller (I recommend a controller through for most of game)-It’s a physics puzzle-platformer, but it keeps a decent pace. It has a combination of mainly slower elements with some fast-paced and quick reaction moments mixed in (they’re a little frustrating but aren’t that bad)-The mechanics are fun-The platforming works really well-Theres extra stuff to find while you platform, adding some extra challenge in places-The story is cutesy, but it’s simple and easy to follow-For the price it’s worth it. Reminds of some older platformers but some unique added puzzles and comedy"
76561197998297730,Recommended,255390,11949302,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,George Carlin,"Nice & short physics based puzzle/platformer. Similar to Limbo, without the whole ""being dead"" part."
,Recommended,255390,11951011,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Titusbalsac,"one of the BEST games I have ever played. This game is awsome. If you like using your head and enjoy nice grafix with adventure, this is the one."
76561198026524027,Recommended,255390,11954357,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Joe Hendrey,"Such a great game! Lots of fun, great visuals and sound. If you like games like limbo and brothers, this game is worth your time."
76561198070267492,Recommended,255390,11906998,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,8-Bit Sunset,Lovely little game. Same as the Xbox One version and great fun for the little ones (Although some of the jumping can be a little finicky sometimes) Recommended!
,Recommended,255390,13869018,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Asiris,"Max is surprisingly good platformer. I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. Although story is very basic it's more than enough. Game mechanics are really great. Sometimes even challenging. Yet the game is quite easy which is not a bad thing. It's also beautiful and I loved how camera changed it's position from time to time to give you the scope of the world. It was a great trick to improve immersion.It is a solid game. I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,255390,34717741,Posted: 3 September,all,UnGoogle,"Great game, buy it if u like Trine and Limbo"
76561198009974621,Recommended,255390,28626100,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gnome Chimpsky,Fun puzzle-platformer for the whole family. We were all invested in the game from beginning to end. Great fun and doesn't suffer from the tendency so many games have to throw rediculous challenges at you towards the end. Good game!
76561197993838128,Recommended,255390,17954747,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ian-T,"Bought this yesterday and played it once it was downloaded.Fabulous game: gorgeous, colourful graphics, super-smooth and reactive gameplay, controls that are simple to master quickly, a fun storyline... and enormous fun.It's an incredibly 3D platform game that has everything you could want. Death-defying leaps, swinging on ropes, collapsing platforms, rope-bridges, puzzles, monsters that try to eat you, attack you or explode on you... And there's a fresh element: you can magically alter some parts of the environment. Raise a platform up higher to reach another level. Raise three platforms to create a bridge. And more...Can't wait to play some more.10/10"
76561198161056587,Recommended,255390,19934364,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Linux_gamer_33556,"really fantastic gamefor kids...and adults too i should add. beautiful graphics and colour variations going on here. and the character moves very smoothly between jumps and swings.The puzzle scenarios arent too hard to figure out which is perfect for kids of 8 to 10 to understand.Furthermore I played this game on Ubuntu 14.04 with playonlinux and it works out the box, now extra dll's to install for anyone whose wondering if this works on linux."
,Recommended,255390,28437022,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,VEE ☆,"This game is SO. MUCH. FUN. When I started playing it, I just kept going for hours. For some reason I stopped, then I came back to it about a year later and I just finished it. I had a blast playing this game. It is an interesting and beautiful platformer.  Some of the puzzles make you think, but its not frustratingly difficult. Yes children could probably play this game, but I did not find it 'too easy'. I reccommend it to all ages. The levels are very well designed and there can be replayability if your memory doesnt work like mine and you come back to it a few years later ! There are also 'evil eyes' and 'amulet pieces' to find in the levels so it keeps you on your toes. Very lovely game, I know I will be coming back to play it in the future."
,Recommended,255390,16398882,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,L.,"super fun puzzle-platformer and great graphics. the ability to use the magic marker to help get you through puzzle sections are easy to figure out, although it may take you a couple tries to get everything just right.you can always restart the level/checkpoint or play through once and go back into level select to see if you're missing any eyes or secrets, which is great. This way you're not stuck playing a large portion of the game to find the 1 missing item.would definitely recommend. it's been a while since i found a platformer i enjoy and want to finish."
76561197969452202,Recommended,255390,11904561,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,CigSmokingMan,This is a fun side scroller and it looks great.  For $2 hell yes I recommend u pick up.
76561197997941900,Recommended,255390,16055112,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,xxx RIP xxx,One of the most under rated game on steam itself. This is a fantastic game...playing is believing....xD
,Recommended,255390,11943954,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,khaled,"great game  ,,  awesome game"
,Not Recommended,255390,20566261,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,genoforprez,"The game LOOKS fantastic. The basic platforming is adequate. The real attraction of this game is the magic marker, which works SORT OF (very big emphasis on ""sort of"") like Okami in that it lets you draw things into reality that you can use to overcome obstacles.The magic marker is an interesting idea that is not very interesting in execution. You can only draw lines when and where the game has predetermined that you are able to draw lines. And you have no control over the kind of thing that you draw, because the game decides that too. It is literally like the game saying, ""Now you will draw a vine right here."" And you do, because that's all you CAN do. That, in a nutshell, is how the magic marker works. Sometimes there are situations that are somewhat puzzling, but the game always gives away the solution by having the blabbermouth protagonist just flat out tell you how to do it.The thing that really turned me off on it, though, and decide that I wasn't going to play it anymore, is the way the game spams the abitrary ""think fast"" type situations. I would have been fine playing it to completion if it were just a sort of platforming adventure with some magic marker puzzles. But as you are making your way through a level, the game likes to suddenly throw a random ""think fast"" hazard at you, where you have to figure out what you need to do to avoid the hazard in just a few seconds or die and go back to the previous checkpoint. These are made worse by the way the game hijacks and repositions the camera to show you the incoming hazard, so you are also disoriented in addition to needing to think fast. And there is an element of these ""think fast"" hazards being completely arbitrary, because sometimes the glowing objects you can use via your magic marker don't even APPEAR until the instant the ""think fast"" hazard appears. This results in most of these moments feeling ill-considered and frustratingly punitive. You know the kind. The trial-and-error, die-repeatedly-until-you-guess-what-the-developer-wants-you-to-right-here type of rigamarole. Apparently most players who picked up this title are cool with it, but it is a HUGE pet peeve of mine. I have very little tolerance for it.In the end it is a beautiful looking game with adequate platforming, a draw mechanic that is an interesting idea but not very interesting in execution, and (in this player's opinion) a sorry overuse of arbitrary ""think fast"" moments and chase/forced-momentum sequences.There is some good to be found here, but it just tends to overuse too many things that are not to my taste and completely turn me off, so I probably will not finish it.Final verdict:7) A classic, essential, and/or must-buy game that is worth full price.6) A good game that is worth the full price.5) A pretty good game worth checking out--especially if discounted.4) A fairly good game, but I'd recommend buying it discounted.3) Not great, but a few redeeming qualities. Only buy if heavily discounted.2) Only worth checking out if you are dangerously curious.1) Avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,255390,12712248,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Anshul,This game is really fun to play. The puzzles are not that hard but some of them do require certain amount of thinking and planning. The idea of drawing and managing your own path from point A to point B is very impressive to me. If you are a platformers fan like me you should definitely give this game a try. You wont be disappointed!
,Recommended,255390,26369152,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood was an extraordinarily enjoyable puzzle platformer. I had relatively high expectations going in due to the number of positive reviews on steam, and I'm glad those expectations were met and then some. I hardly knew anything about this game going in, and I assume that helped.Pros:- Awesome, solid gameplay! I enjoyed all the puzzle solving you had to do in this game. The mechanics were so simple but gratifying and fun. I never got bored playing this. You grow what you need and in what shape.- Straightforward, innocent plot. The game didn't take itself too seriously or too over the board ridiculous. It was a happy medium involving a story about a boy going to save his brother.- Length. It ran about 7 hours, which I think is a wonderful length for this type of game.- The look of everything was pleasing to the eye.Cons:- I'm really having a hard time thinking of a con for this game. It really was everything I expected!I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys solving puzzles and fun side scroller platforming!The closest thing to a jump scare you'll find in this game is the occasional tentacle thing popping out that you don't expect. This game isn't scary at all."
,Recommended,255390,13963226,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"The game has the exact same artstyle as a pixar movie which is kind of... awkward... but anyway, the game is a fun and enjoyable platformer with a magic marker added in as a unique element. For a indie game this has far better graphics and sounds than the usual, or so I thought until I did some research and discovered that the studio has been bought by microsoft. As such, this is not an indie game and cannot be compared with indie games. Taking this into consideration, I have to evaulate this game as being an unpopular and underrated platformer AAA game."
,Recommended,255390,12018753,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Frigidman,"Great casual (?) game. Its a bit more rough than casual, because some of the fast action scenes are a serious pain in the rear with a controller. I just don't know how one would be accurate and fast enough to draw whats needed in the tiny amount of time for the action scenes. I had to switch to mouse+kb to get through those. Other than that, the game is wicked beautiful, and really creative in its design and story."
76561198025850159,Recommended,255390,13430162,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FluffyArmadillo,"It you liked Trine and Trine 2 this game will be an obvious sequel. As instead of swapping between the character like Trine, you get the full package in one character as you go along. It is not a complete rip off of Trine and Trine 2 as you get to slove the problems in many more ways in Trine, where as Max is a bit more rigid. But saying that if you like Trine and Trine2 this is a game for you."
76561198074896831,Recommended,255390,11129119,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Man5ON,Amazing platformer! Nice story :)) Like this game!
76561198052161945,Recommended,255390,10264582,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Six1Eye,epic little game.
,Recommended,255390,11943761,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CarryOnMyWaywardSon,a must buy for everyone who loves platformers.
,Recommended,255390,11984486,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Jabba1254,This is a very good game
,Recommended,255390,22952797,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Light,A fun game for kids. Great graphics and good puzzles to make you think
,Recommended,255390,11076526,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Shampuck,"I really liked the humor, the CGI cartoon-style visuals come to life with funny exaggerated animations and gameplay challenge.Max can use drawing magic ability into polygonal world...Its remind me of Chalkzone series with jimmy neutron art style.... well done !!"
,Recommended,255390,12023764,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,PlayCritically,"An entertaining little puzzle-platformer of the kind that doesn't seem to get made much anymore. This reminded me in particular of the Playstation game Heart of Darkness, not that I expect anybody to recognize that name. The game has simple physics-based puzzles and gets a lot of mileage out of this concept, but wisely stops before the concept becomes tedious. Hidden items to find in each level and badges for completing each level without dying give a little replay value."
76561198044800904,Recommended,255390,18055586,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Tsiki[GR],Great game with realy good graphics and gameplay. The riddles are easy to solve if you play it for a while. Other than that very fan game and totally worth the 3.49€.
76561198205282421,Recommended,255390,28740694,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✮Aswd✮hellcase.com,actully its fun and cheep go ahead
76561198076320783,Not Recommended,255390,29045052,Posted: 5 January,all,Adrelandro,"PLayed it with a gamepad...a big mistake, it's pretty easy to figure out how something should work, but then getting it right is tedious. The story is generic and i didn't enjoy the design choices. I can't recommend you to buy the game based on my experience, since there are far better platformers out there."
,Recommended,255390,32764365,Posted: 25 June,all,Kris.vdv,An incredibly fun and beautiful platform game!  I love it and my 6-year old daughter loves it!
76561198116887717,Recommended,255390,13122332,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,JoKeR,Game cool fun
,Recommended,255390,11950523,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,"Other than game not unlocking  and having to look on forums to find a fix, once that was fixed i played it even more i got sucked into the game. The last time i really enjoyed a side scroll game like this was back when I 1st starting playing the Commander Keen series back in the 90's which yet i haven't had a chance to get on steam. This game at some points do become a little challenging where you have to act fast and sometimes do it over a couple of times. The graphics are pretty good using the Unity3d engine which I know from creating 3d objects for a 3d VR chat/build environment called ActiveWorlds. If you are looking for a fun game to play than this game is for you. Game seems to run smooth, game seems to be well balanced as well. Also wouldn't be a bad idea for the developers to add modding for custom levels and put in a workshop so others can download other's levels,etc. that would bring this game to a higher level. Would I pay full price for this? well yes if I had the money all the time to buy things full price. I bought this game on the last sale that was running. Even the wife thinks this game is pretty cool with the magic marker."
,Recommended,255390,28852991,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zukachu,Who is Max?-Max is a kid-Max is brave-Max attempt to kill his brother-Max do parkour-Max is Tarzan-Max can't swim-Max carry a bag that carry a pen?-Max pen had magic-Max ask help from old lady-Max riding on a root in the river-Max head hit by a rock-Max head hit by a root-Max head hit by a bomb-Max do trap for electric bugs-Max being chase by a monster-Max being chase by lava-Max baing chase by electric bugs-Max fight against his brother-MAX SAVED HIS BROTHER!!!8/10 Best game*Best soundtrack and keep looping*Best platform*Best and ez puzzle*Best chase*Best graphic even in low quality*Best background and its moving holy*****Best voice acting*Best to buy
,Recommended,255390,11951915,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,perihelion,This was a surprise. Had no idea it was this good.
76561197974513243,Recommended,255390,11951950,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,HeavyG,"Good platformer, enjoyed it although it's on the easy side."
,Recommended,255390,11913735,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[CFD]Prjman,"An unexpected surprise. Family friendly, 2D/3D platformer. Lots of fun."
,Recommended,255390,11927928,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Shanic,"Good game, Reminds me of Limbo."
,Recommended,255390,11930512,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,coldfusion,great fun puzzle game~
76561198118693498,Recommended,255390,11920665,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Gianos,"Very nice game,  Recommended from me also"
,Recommended,255390,12308339,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Arklan,"fun, solid gameplay."
,Recommended,255390,11988018,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DCGamerx2099,"This is a short review but I actually love this game. the creativity, the gameplay everything. well the story is a lil legit during the game but other den dat it's worth buying to those dat are into games like dis"
,Recommended,255390,21220834,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,melonbeton,"Games where you don´t know what´s in front of you suck. This is one of them. Nice graphics, cute little generic stupid storyline, generic but good soundtrack, good voice acting. Controls are not too shabby.  Don´t buy if you want a real platformer. Buy it - when it´s on sale for about $2."
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,255390,30740230,Posted: 25 March,all,mikku3,"Starts off fine, then the rubbish control system becomes unfair and frustrating.  You get killed because your magic pen has to be located first and then placed in the correct position to work, giving your enemy plenty of time to reach you.  When split second timing is everything the controls have to be flawless.  The stupid devs who wrote the code forgot the number one rule of gaming - when we fail it should be our fault, not their clumsy unintuitive gameplay system."
,Not Recommended,255390,23994202,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheUniporn,"As you progress through the game you will gain abilities to interact with your enviroment via a magic marker. Unfortunatelly you are very limited to what and where you can create those, and there is pretty much only one way to solve the puzzles. To make things worse, the solutions are usually obvious. Which is all too bad because it is a pretty looking game.Rating: heard about sharpies that went to magical places before, but this is the first time I hear about a marker that is magic itself.Recommendation: for casual and younger players.http://pixelloot.com"
76561198053048675,Recommended,255390,31568681,Posted: 5 May,all,bob-man13,Cool game but it is SUPER hard at times so I don't recommend it to kids and my family got angry with it so if you have never played a platformer you shouldn't buy the game but it is fun and cool if you have played a platformer before.
76561197997808265,Recommended,255390,34202006,Posted: 12 August,all,Snip,I wish I grew up with a brother :(
76561198209341245,Not Recommended,255390,28950218,Posted: 2 January,all,JOSEPH Y,"the dumb mmarker to draw dont work, but i can move him"
,Recommended,255390,18103266,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Any downvotes I get are probably deserved because this is not a bad game overall, but I don't care because I just can't force myself to endure much more because it is just pure 100% trial and error, so it's basically just like watching a boring adventure game. There is no challenge, once you die then see how something is done then you should get it nearly 100% of the time on your second try. Also, checkpointing is some of the worst I've ever seen mainly because I don't think there is any. I had to exit the game to leave home then later came back and started up the game and had to redo an entire tedious level that personally I never wanted to see again, ever. It was just not fun in the slightest bit to have to do it again and I just felt super p-ssed off, and neither is a automated trial and error journey. If there is checkpointing in later levels, you would never know it because the game never shows a saving checkpoint icon like all other games do, so it's one of those ""well I better not exit the game or quit until I finish the entire tedious level"" type of games. I'm pretty sure levels have no checkpointing, but who cares.If it weren't like a Disney kids movie, I might play it some more. Then again probably not because of no checkpointing. Levels aren't horribly long, but with boring, automatic-win tedious levels with a seen it done before already drawing mechanic, I just can't force myself to care because it keeps putting me to sleep. Much more fun platformers exist if you look. They are more fun because they are infinitely more rewarding than this.I gave it a thumbs up because like I said at the beginning it is not a bad game mechanically, just mind numbingly tedious. I can't wait for each level to be over. zzzZZZzzzZZZ..."
,Recommended,255390,22857572,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,GoldenKnight8,Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is The Best Of Adventure Game !You Must Buy It!!!
,Recommended,255390,20682644,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"This video features a non-biased quick look @ the game only:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1REx6bUxjkStunning graphics add charm to this clever platform adventure. Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a cinematic adventure filled with action-packed platforming and creative puzzle-solving. Armed with only a Magic Marker, Max must confront evil at every turn in a hostile and fantastical world in order to save his kid brother, Felix. Join Max on his great adventure! - Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,255390,23893819,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,urçaklıt takes a break,"dear devs, if you gonna make a side-scrolling game without giving player any alternative gameplay on every phrase of it, then just make an animated movie, not a video-game. there would be actually no difference in gameplay if you force 1 million player to play this. how come it make sense to make it into a game -.-"
,Not Recommended,255390,20864864,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,caleb89,Max and magic marker is much better than this.
76561198067177643,Recommended,255390,15220190,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sparks,Jogo muuuuuito bom! Arte e visual bonito *-*. REcomendo.
,Recommended,255390,17944763,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,Is Max gay?
76561198068610765,Not Recommended,255390,33220301,Posted: 4 July,all,affaffwhen,Don't buy it. It wont work with xbox360 controller and there isn't a way to adjust graphics and gaming resolution. The developer of the game doesn't care about supporting the game!
,Not Recommended,255390,14249318,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Omabroodje,I bought this game because I really liked the environments seen in screenshots. The game is beautiful but I find the controls too clunky and I don't like the main character. If it was a little shorter I'd recommend it but it outstays it's welcome in some levels.
76561198068308196,Not Recommended,255390,11945276,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,LordBeDe,"While fun at times, the camera tend's to get in the way, jumping from/to vines is iffy and more than once I found negative possibility space.The chase scenes are trial and error awfulness.The puzzles moslty feel like work."
,Not Recommended,255390,12604623,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,raudrick,"Meh .... I am only a bit into it and I am disappointed the fact they took the only thing that makes this game fun out of it is really sad, other then that its a trial by error puzzle side scroller with a annoying pen thing to raise and lower platforms"
,Not Recommended,255390,13761709,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RequieM,Good family game bur crash all the time!
,Recommended,255390,19341685,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,whitshiznit,"A great puzzle platformer, with a decent story.  While I really liked this game it was far too short for the full price.  I sugguest only getting it one sale.  I got it at 3.99 and it was well worth the price.  This game is mostly easy with a few puzzling puzzles and challaging chases.  The only con I can think of is the main character Max was a tad annoying."
,Recommended,255390,19491147,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,tonnerrrrr,I'm only half way though so far but I am in absolute awe every second I am playing this game. The graphics are amazing and the cut scenes look like a real animated movie. I picked this up on sale and I nearly didn't because I was spending too much money on a load of games but I'm so glad I picked this one up because it's quickly become one of my favourite games ever. I wanted a break from playing open world games and wanted a little puzzle platformer and this is EXACTLY what I wanted. This game is absolutely perfect and I highly reccomend.10/10. Though my review could change by the time I finish it but I doubt it. 4 hours in and I'm still in complete awe.
76561198183049751,Recommended,255390,19587615,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,gingyjoel98,great short game
,Recommended,255390,13473814,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I like the art. If I was still old-school, I'd play the hell out of it."
,Recommended,255390,13481635,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nibbless,Hard as balls
,Recommended,255390,13766086,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,oksara.noor,"this game is beyond my expectations. i bought it on steam sales with a cheap price, nothing to loose, but what i get is more than i pay. this game makes me like platformer games.."
,Recommended,255390,13769454,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Silouart,This game is a real gem and well under £3 (currently in the steam sale).A beautifully rendered 2D platformer that is both pleasing on the eye and has a quirky story that keeps you playing.A must for your steam collection.
,Recommended,255390,13597873,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AMK,"I had a great time playing this game! It's a really nice game. The gameplay is awesome and it's the strength of the game. The puzzles are not so hard, but they're funny and they do their job. The story is a frame, it's not that bad but not that good too. The game starts immediately with a little incipit. Maybe they could have done a longer cinematic, but what ever.The game is really good!7.5/10"
76561197961834321,Recommended,255390,13820485,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,hobie,awesome game! it has been a long time since i've played a good game like this.this game challenges you to think and be creative in order to advance. each chapter provides new wonderful environments with cool graphics. i played with my little nephew and he was able to figure out some things on his own while i helped him with others. great for kids and adults. highly recommend!
76561197997719847,Recommended,255390,14545795,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ehanig,"Fantastic game, both myself and my son loved it."
,Recommended,255390,16180133,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Emillos,"This is game appears to be a game for children. Oh how i was wrong! I haven't had this much with a platform since Crash Bandicoot!The story has been seen before many, many times - but it's still cute.The cutscenes are SO well-made, and the feeling you get when swinging your magic marker, is really quite unique.If you wan't a crazy-fun platform - this is most definantly a must-buy!"
76561197981174256,Recommended,255390,15395755,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Groggeroo,"A very enjoyable platformer that makes clever use of a novel concept in a wide variety of ways.  The puzzling is not the most complicated (so far), but this allows for a nice balance between feeling 'smart' while maintaining a quick and smooth pace."
,Recommended,255390,18018484,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Tolo,"Nice little platformer which I very much enjoyed.The game reminded me about the cartoons that I used to watch as a kid, and I was actually quite impressed with how well the developers managed to carry this theme through. The game basicly nailed it, everything from the very basic storyline, the hero and the villain, the dumb evil forces, the big monsters, along with some very convicing voice acting, cartoony graphics, and its very fitting music.The game itself wasn't super hard, but it wasn't easy either. I am by no means a expert at platformers, and I am sure a lot of people would manage to get through the game with less deaths than I did. The game can be enjoyed by people of all ages, although younger kids might have a hard time at certain points in the game. I personally played the game with a controller, so I can't really speak for how it plays on a keyboard, but I found the controls easy to learn, and even the magic marker was easy getting used to.Pros:+ The magic marker added some very interesting mechanics to the game, that certainly made me think.+ Good pacing of game, with new mechanics being introduced through out the entire game.+ Lots of checkpoints, which is nice for people who are horrible at platformers like me.+ Achievements, and in-game collectables, which adds some replayability to the game.+ Most cinematics can be skipped, which is nice for a second playthrough+ The art style, the music, the cinematics, and the voice acting, all matched each other and was very well carried through. Which made for a very good experience.Cons:- The game has certain parts that require some fast thinking, and change of controls. This means that the game wont be playable for everybody, and that younger kids might not have a fun time. The many checkpoints however helps a great deal with this, so you will rarely have to start all over again, in case you die."
,Recommended,255390,18331801,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,fore1gn,"Kind of reminds me of the good old PS1 platformers. Really pleasing aesthetic, beautiful views, comfy controls and really not much to argue about, except that the FPS sometimes visibly drops, though the game shows a steady 60. But that's the smallest complaint I could find. You buy a kids' platformer - you get a polished kids' platformer. That's the whole deal with this game."
,Recommended,255390,17950925,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,GoldenSnitch,"really a good adventure and puzzle action game.nice graphics.. kindly remind me of limbo, but this one is colorful and offer more fun.."
,Recommended,255390,17990250,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,hotmatrixx,"it's a 2.9D puzzle platformer, and the best-looking environments that I have ever played in.2.9D? Well, it's a 2D platformer, rendered in full 3D, wiht a rotating camera the changes angle slightly depending on the scene, and it renders beautifully. I genuinely wish I had a 3D Screen of some kind to try this out with. Often times you will see a path leading off here or there, and you feel like you should be able to follow them, but they are no in the 2D space, and are purely cosmetic... awwww.It's a great looking game, it has a fairly simplistic, yet entertaining story line, it is just long enough that you can enjoy the immersion, yet don't get bored of the game or it's mechanics, and it has a few secrets that temp you to replay levels to find them.None of the puzzles are so difficult that you will need to look upa guide - at least I ddin't have to, I just had to sit there and think about it for a minute. I think there were about 5 puzzles that wern't immediately obvious, and 2 of them actually had boxes that you could use, but they looked like part of the environment. (just a quick heads-up). Also, a couple of the secrets you only realise are there because you fall/die and see them on the way down. There are many 'no return' areas, too - where once you go through this door, it slams behind you, or a moster wrecks the path, or you slide/fall and can't go back. So make sure an area is clear before you carry on.Voice acting is well done, story is simple, cute, but servicable. the magic marker can be a little hard to control on th eodd occasion, and it got me killed once or twice, but nothign that I would shoot the Dev's grandmother over :- ) Checkpoints are very forgiving.Great little game to burn a  few hours in."
,Recommended,255390,17953010,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Snoopa,"Now THIS is a platform game. From the moment that I started playing, I was determined to go save Max's brother.Where do I start with this? The graphics and environment. Very Polished and everthing that you see visually, is completely beautiful. Managing to make a 2D platforming give you the feel that you are walking through a 3D world. The depth of details that the dev has put into the background is outstanding.The puzzle aspect of it. You have your easy moments. But you will come across one that you will scratch your head. But when you figure it out, you will see the genius minds that was put together for that puzzle. I was surprised how smart it was put together.This game is a must play. I can't seem to find one thing wrong with this game."
76561198022188585,Recommended,255390,17973479,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Mithrandir,"Excellent independent game, nice gameplay originality (with the differents power you got) and really beautiful graphism. This game was a pleasure from start to end and one of the fiew recent game i got that i want to finish at 100%."
76561198053243606,Recommended,255390,18012223,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,UberSloth,Really clever platformer with some brilliant ideas and tricky gameplay.
76561198115135648,Recommended,255390,18026445,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,raman.igi,just bought in 2 days back nd i just want to stick with it......awsm gameplay .....awsm story.......awsm graphics........including max's hairstyle
76561197961088224,Recommended,255390,19101539,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,L8rS8n,"Cute Story line, could have been from a Disney or Pixar Movie.Amazing gameplayBeautifull GraphicsThis game is one of the best platformers i have played to date! +++++++++Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,255390,17960956,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Oscaruzzo,"Very very very nice platformer with some nice puzzles and gorgeous graphics. Not hard at all, but very SATISFYING. This game is so underrated; it's one of the best platformers I played in some years."
,Recommended,255390,18047363,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,mickeyjohn123,"Fun story, Creative ways of a new game. I don't usually like games like these, this one was pretty cool. If you like a short, fun story, fun gameplay. You should get this game."
76561198086457357,Recommended,255390,18027132,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"A very pretty game, with a colorful and enticing universe. It's a platformer with a good atmosphere and some imagination. It's rather on the 'casual' side: it's very varied and not too difficult, which will make you feel like you're good at this game.Graphics: Great. Sometimes you feel like you're into an animation movie.Physics: Great. All objects behave, move and fall like you'd expect: boulders, vines, branches, roots, water and jets, ...Game mechanics: Good. You change objects from the scenery with your magical pen to reach your objectives (progress through a level, block enemies, succeed in an impossible jump, ...) You can only do so starting at a few select spots in every level.Gameplay: Good. It's dynamic, the setting changes often, so you'll have to find new ways to deal with the new challenges, and it's never feels repetitive or boring.Story/Dialogue/Voice acting: Good (nothing to write home about, but good)Level design: good to great (some good ideas, lots of imagination in some areas).Difficulty: never too difficult (At most you'll retry a couple of times before overcoming an obstacle, when you die you lose less than a minute of progression).Length: Short (about 7 hours to reach the end, a bit more to find all secrets in all levels). The progression is rather fast, so you'd have traveled a long way at the end of the game.All in all, a good game that kept me wanting for more to the very end."
,Recommended,255390,18048556,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,TheDContinuum,"This is a fun little game! You play as Max, who is trying to find his brother, wielding a magic marker with the power to create and manipulate objects in this puzzle-platformer. It's a mix of untimed puzzles, plus ones you have to do (sometimes literally) on the fly. Some of the puzzles require split-second timing where you're being chased, but parts that are super time-sensitive go into a slow-motion for a few seconds to allow you to quickly analyze the situation and act appropriately. They are (usually) very generous with checkpoints, so even if you're not so good at the platforming aspects (like me), you won't have far to go when you have to repeat a level. The magic marker mechanic is really well done, with you being able to adjust the height of pillars for jumping on, create different shapes out of branches for either jumping on or chopping down and using for other purposes, vines for swinging and climbing, water jets where you get to decide their path, and goodness, gracious great balls of fire for blowing up enemies and barriers.Pros:+ Good Music+ Good voice acting (I seriously felt bad for Max when he jumps into lava and screams in genuine agony)+ Good art (it has characters with a Jimmy Neutron feel but with great backgrounds)+ Novel mechanic (drawing/manipulating objects)+ Collectibles for added challenge+ Puzzles took thought but were not brain-breakingNeutral:~ Decent length, though I would have liked more. I got 11 hours out of it, including my bad platforming skills and a lot of redos, and finding all the collectibles. So, not super short, but I would have loved more.Cons:- The marker is not always at the ready, making it feel sluggish sometimes as you have to wait for it to appear for use. This doesn't affect the actual game play, since it's created with the sluggishness in mind, but it's a tad annoying at times. Likewise, the effect of your marker (e.g. lifting up a platform) doesn't always keep up with how fast you make it, with a similarly sluggish feel. Not a deal-breaker, since I still played the game to completion, including collectibles, but it was annoying.- This is not a con for me, but maybe for others: The puzzles aren't maddeningly difficult, as some people may prefer. A lot of the difficulty comes from the split-second timing, but the untimed puzzles take at most a few minutes to puzzle out.Overall: 9/10. Would replay."
76561197962693908,Recommended,255390,18037966,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Xian,"This was a fun little platformer. The Magic Marker mechanics were a good twist to the power ups found in mnay of these games. Some may be put off by the cartoonish graphics, and it probably is aimed towards the younger set, but I still had a good time playing this while it lasted."
,Recommended,255390,17976482,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Afternoon Tea,"To think that Max and the Magic Marker game would become...THIS! I remember that game long ago, I bought it on the Wii Shop, I didn't like it at all...it was just dumb. But then, I started playing this, and I realized once Max pulled that marker out...everything lined up. The hair, the marker, the Mustachio guy, to think this would even...I mean this is just nuts! The graphics are so smooth and playful! I would say that the checkpoint system is weird and that it lags here and there (mostly when you pull the marker out while moving at the same time). This is way too cool to see something so random evolve into a wonderful creation!"
76561197990406921,Recommended,255390,18127010,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,MMG Man,Great platformer!  Difficult & rewarding!
76561198004777276,Recommended,255390,18136422,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dimzoner,"Ok, this game is absolutely amazing!!! You're driving a cartoon - and a great one! Beautiful graphics, nice voices and sounds, and just tremendous atmosphere. Sometimes I get frustrated looking at Steam's offers, but this one is 100% worth buying! Totally recommended!!! :)"
,Recommended,255390,13856432,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PeachieKeen,"Nice story and a pretty easy game for most people.However, I was  not a fan of the marker mechanic. The thing that bothered me is that is disappears everytime you move and for it to reappear when you stop, it takes a few moments. There were plenty of time I knew what to do, but because of the marker timing I would have to try it 6+ times before I could time it right. That was just really frustrating.But I do like the game so far and have had no other issues with it."
,Recommended,255390,14070168,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bonus,"This game is a work of art. The way the movements blend with with the environment, the dynamics between the puzzle solving and the action scenes, and the interaction with the background makes me feel I'm playing an interactive movie. The puzzles are mostly simple, yet some of them left me amazed and never bored. Yes, the game is not perfect, sometimes you could've bet you sould've get that branch, instead of falling in a bottomless pit, having to start again from the checkpoint, but it doesn't happen that often to ruin the experience. A game worth every penny spent."
,Recommended,255390,13949996,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,digivampire,"Awesome, well polished platformer that combined drawing with platforming/puzzle elements. It reminded me of Nihilumbra which is similar except it's not 2.5D and didn't have backing of a larger studio like this one. Its definitely worth playing as its addictive, has good variety of platforming and achievements which are not too difficult but not easy either.Pros:- Great graphics, sound/music is ok- Decent story line- Combining elements works well, excellent logic puzzles- Gets difficulty just right, addictiveCons:- Whomever decided to introduce a delay whenever you wanted to moved the cursor so you could draw should be shot. I never knew where my cursor was going to pop up, resulting in a lot of deaths before I could defend Max.- Achievements can be little buggy/slow to show up, but they eventually do.- On Windows, the game likes to drop FPS at times to unplayable levels (15-20fps), ALT-TABing restores it to 60fps.If you love platformers, do yourself a favor and pick this up 9/10."
76561197970751024,Recommended,255390,13944707,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sofos,Πολύ καλά ΓραφικάΌμορφο και απλό παιχνίδι χωρίς ιδιαίτερα δύσκολους γρίφους.Ιδιαίτερα φιλικό για παιδιά.Αξίζει να το αγοράσετε ειδικά αν το βρείτε σε προσφορά.
76561198113268585,Recommended,255390,11628436,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Banditos Way,first off i bought this just because im partial to the name max. but i was suprised at how much fun this game was. it is kind of like playing a pixar movie with the animation style. the early chapters are easy but from mid game on the puzzles really make you think. i would recommend this game and especially if you have kids
76561198144921632,Recommended,255390,11786483,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,kuwaitmind,fun game if love limbo you will love max
76561198009881100,Recommended,255390,12503839,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,LT Jeff,Fun puzzle game. Some puzzles take the right timing but does make you think. I often take over when one of my daughters is totally stumped. Good Deal. Good Game. Get it.
,Recommended,255390,12651806,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,NIИ,"An unexpected surprise. Family friendly, 2D/3D platformer. Lots of fun.8/10"
76561197969880686,Recommended,255390,12578173,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MB Geek,"Great little game, beautiful graphics, clever game mechanic to shake up the standard platoformer and interesting physic puzzles with a touch of warmth...very recommended!"
,Recommended,255390,12466586,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DarkMelody,This game is so much fun and the graphics are excellent.I highly recommend it to everyone who loves a puzzle adventure game ;0}
,Recommended,255390,11984697,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ray.harry,"Very polished puzzle platformer with a neat world-manipulation mechanic.Playing on controller felt like a console game, with frequent checkpoints to ensure progress. There's occasional action sequences with mild puzzling which can be a bit annoying, but hardly enough to ruin such a fun game.I managed a couple of full playthroughs to get all achievements which wasn't particularly hard."
,Recommended,255390,11986998,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,apogood,great gameand one of my best game
76561197994408776,Recommended,255390,11975592,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Spawnfärkäl,"This is by far one of the more entertaining jump & runs on steam... its fast paced action, especially on the big screen :)"
76561198121062833,Recommended,255390,11969752,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Twollamas,"I love this game I played the demo on my pc and in GAME on the Xbox One. I found it interesting and a little childish the first time. I have to admit I was a little embarresed standing in the middle of a game shop playing what at the time seemed like a kid game but I was wrong so very wrong. I got the game on sale and thought screw it il play it I played it for 4 hours straight no bathroom break, no food and drink just me and my trigger happy finger. I was amazed how funny and hard it actually was. First I was escaping a massive monster who looks like Chewbacca except much bigger and had purple hair. After escaping I found a old women who blessed my magic marker with more magical powers. I'll not give anymore details just buy the game goddammit just BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,255390,18760094,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Balsaq [NL],"Played this together with my six year old son and we both loved it. He managed to play the game and solve most puzzles on his own, but the games contains some puzzles that are to hard for a child to solve.The game is beautifully styled and the controls feel very comfortable ( Played it with a XBOX 360 controller)When you fail the last checkpoint is usually not far back (with the exception on some points).All in all a great game that we'll be playing again soon."
,Recommended,255390,18501476,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Jungle = Feed,"Even though I think the story is very childish and fairytale-like, I still find it very entertaining aswell as the leveldesign, atmosphere. Levels are easily replayed within a selection screen, and achievements are fairly easy to complete. I really enjoyed this game."
76561198080761848,Recommended,255390,13203961,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,n.e77,"woooooow, what a fun game!! i'm glad i bought him on the sale but anyway it worth every penny, at first i was afraid that the marker thing won't work well with controller, then i download the demo and get cought by the beauty of this sweet game, very clever but-not-too-hard puzzles, breath-taking wild views, exellent graphics, maybe little scary too play with my little kids, but it's allright...a must buy..."
,Recommended,255390,12976492,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GimmeSomethingGood,"Great Fun!!!!  I would highly recommend if you are a platform player.  Its not as hard as trine but more fun.  Good for kids, and big kids!  Thanks for a great game!"
,Recommended,255390,13008921,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,vookimedlo,Super cool platform game with very cute graphics and well smooth control.
,Recommended,255390,14688703,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kabookie,"The VerdictA bright platformer is just what we needed on Xbox One and PC  Max: The Curse of Brotherhood’s vibrant setting and terrain-altering puzzles deliver. But the adventure doesn’t quite feel next-gen. With unintuitive controls, puzzle mechanics that’ve been done better elsewhere, and a story with the depth of a coloring book, it’s hard to stay invested in this short adventure.Using a giant marker to color your way through the puzzles of Max: The Curse of Brotherhood offers a great-looking and clever twist to the platforming genre. Well, it would if it weren’t so frustrating half the time. Once the novelty of drawing wears off, the curse we’re left with isn’t brotherhood, but awkward controls.I generally like the idea that I can make drawings to help solve platforming puzzles, even though it’s not as freeform as the concept implies. You get the marker early on, but before you do, climbing ladders and jumping over endless gaps as Max in the beautiful 2.5D environment gives you your first taste of the floaty controls. Cruelly, our little hero is a complete platforming pansy who can't even double-jump; one long-ish fall or hit from just about anything and he'll go down faster than that kid in Limbo. And he went down a lot. This game isn't as cuddly as it appears.New marker powers come at a nice pace though, and each one has its own vibrant chapter full of briefly interesting ways to use the mechanic. The water temple is dripping with clever puzzles that had me drawing spouts of water to create paths and making boats out of vines. The fire temple, on the other hand, is more of a thrilling race, where the marker helped me to quickly find an escape route from a fiery lava beast. Discovering new ways to utilize the power of the marker is entertaining, and each area offers some fun surprises.When I could get the marker working, successfully navigating Max through areas using vines, branches, and water spouts together to create a sort of mousetrap sequence was seriously satisfying. Some high-pressure levels towards the end where you’re outrunning lava are particularly epic as well."
76561198050386127,Recommended,255390,14782043,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,dsegel4,"This is probably the best platformer game I've ever played.  You play Max, the big brother of Felix, who gets whisked away by a monster.  You have to find your way through several kinds of obstacles and environments to save him with the help of the powers in a magic marker.  Your marker gets new and different ""powers"" as you progress.The graphics, atmosphere, music and voice acting are superb.  Skill is required to use the controls but my favorite part of the game is having to think about how to solve the puzzles by using the powers in the right way.The game has several levels and the replay value is enormous.  I'm in my third playthrough and I'm sure I'll be playing it many times in the future."
76561198145950806,Recommended,255390,19593964,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Missha1972,"Great platformer , most enjoyable game , sometimes its a headache to get where you want to go but in the end your always up and running as they say |!!!Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is worth getting and i am surprised i found this little gem of a game ..."
,Recommended,255390,19733567,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,gordan   ︻デ══一一,No more no les AWSOM
76561197993759980,Recommended,255390,10868029,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mr Ugly,"Graphically excellent, original and most importantly fun. To make a game last longer many developers have few savepoints, this is not one of those games so frustration is minimised when one fails. Great game, hope there's a sequel."
76561198022636031,Recommended,255390,22348406,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,intradimensional,This game is quite good and easy to recommend.  Its very playable and wonderful to look at.  The controls work well.  The graphics are very polished.  The sounds are good too.  I particularly liked the attention given to providing a range of noises emanating from enemies.  The plot is a little cliche but that is not particularly important. Its not that long but I can understand why.  The main game mechanics are fully implemented.  Any longer and it would be as boring as the average FPS from a decade ago.  8/10
,Recommended,255390,22066028,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MagnumOpus,"Honestly this game blew me away with how fun it was. The story is a little cliche, but to me it almost felt like a Disney movie. The mechanics are fun, puzzles aren't too hard, game keeps you interested. This game is right up there in my top platforming games.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,255390,27755392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,borntobeavictor,"Very fun and enjoyable game!I've played it myself and enjoyed it very much. The drawing mechanics are very refreshing and give the adventure a unique touch! Graphics look great for what it is.Some time later I introduced my girlfriend to gaming, and she started with Max: The Curse of Brotherhood. Her last gaming experience had been Aladdin on the SEGA Mega Drive. I loved watching her playing. The difficulty was just right, the story entertaining and straight to the point, and the mechanics familiar enough to what she remembrered.I'd recommend it to anyone whose looking for uncommited fun, from experient gamers to people who neve really gamed before."
76561198033654741,Recommended,255390,27733367,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pascal,Very nice platformer with unique approach to the gameplay.Graphics are looking like modern Pixar movies.
,Recommended,255390,20012709,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,freak_rob,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a neat little platformer where the central character Max has to save his little Brother Felix from certain doom. The graphics and level design are both top notch and function very well with the magic abilities Max gains throughout his adventure. I especially liked the innovative way the core game mechanics have you 'draw' into the level to move stuff around and help Max.I enjoyed every bit of it and even challenged myself to complete each level without dying. Secrets and achievements are very transparent and fair. The game indicates missed secrets and collectables. Playing with a controller was fun; cannot comment on keyboard + mouse.If you're looking for a good game that isn't publicized like a AAA game, get Max: The Curse of Brotherhood :D"
,Recommended,255390,27815755,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,arrathog,"This is the modern and poorer reincarnation of the 90's hit gane Heart of Darkness. Your goal in this puzzle platformer is to find and rescue your younger sibling who was kidnapped and carried away into strange world by a monster on your own wish. This game reminds me Limbo with all the pitfalls and deaths from falling into pits, but has much more cheerful tone in general. Additional novelty is the magic marker that allows you to modify environments. I've been playing with my 3-year old son and he had even better time watching than me playing :D He was also scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when we were chased by lava or a monster, but refused to stop watching. All in all, I had fun too. Score: 6/10 (add +1 if you have less than 10 years).pros:- graphics and sfx- some smart puzzles- a magic marker conceptcons- your helper and your main enemy (wtf?)- quite short and repeatable- puzzles with slow motion- a bug with my progress hidden (twice) - I had to restart the game in order to continue and I discovered, that because the creator developer dissappeared, there's no real support anymore."
76561198115811234,Recommended,255390,27828390,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neoplay,a fun and enyoyable gameit tested the part of creativity of my braincolourful!!!!
76561198012499689,Recommended,255390,24396681,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Geronimo,I just finished this game with my son. It is a very family friendly and nice game. Its great visuals and funny story deliver just about enough tension for old and young. Wish there was more to come like this. Absolutely Recommended !
76561198279791560,Recommended,255390,26377317,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,HRM_Ob3lix,Max: The Curse of the Brotherhood is a good puzzle game
76561197969478703,Recommended,255390,26323185,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,r0tr3x,A great platformer.  Puzzles and platforming mayhem fun for all ages.
76561198044938248,Recommended,255390,24452656,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,kndkd6,"Adorable game. Great graphics and soundtrack, heartwarming story, and satisfying puzzles. I loved it so much I wouldn't mind watching someone else play it."
,Recommended,255390,24004407,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Spyketrash141,"nice game new concept of creating objects for interacting with the game like the wizard in trine.  eazy puzzles though,"
,Recommended,255390,24064239,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ozo,Great game!Casual gameplay but still kinda challenging.Story is simple but heart warming :)
76561198004824230,Recommended,255390,24053400,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,radioman970us,"Funny I should stumble on this game Max, since not long ago I had posted in a forum thread discussing games like Another World (Out of this World) and Heart of Darkness.   Everybody was wishing HoD would come to steam.  After playing this demo (and thank you whoever for putting a demo of this up and making it only $2.99 during the steam sale this year!!) I had to have it.Just over an hour play at this moment (I know, not enough for a proper review) I felt compelled to review it in hopes others will see it in time to play the demo and see how good it is.  The cartoonish visuals are excellent and feel familar to any fan of kid's animation.  Don't let that stop you though.  It starts casual but started to get tougher at about the 1 hour mark for me, in world 2.  My favorite thing might be the sound and specifically the voice work.  First rate!  Max is very vocal the whole way through and it adds enormously to the whole experience, along with the music.It's been years for me and HoD, so it's hard to properly compare the 2 games without going on an exhaustive hunt for the game disc.  But that game immediately came to mind while watching the opening cutscene.  Pretty sure it would have even if I hadn't been discussing that old game.Only slightly over an hour in and this is great fun in short doses.  Highly impressed.  But even at $2.99 play the demo first to see if the difficultly level is right for you.  It does start pretty easy."
,Recommended,255390,24032268,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ＤＪ 👻 ʷʰᵉᵉ,"Frankly, this is one of the best, most original platformers that I've ever played. In fact, it's so good that my girlfriend plays it and she HATES video games."
76561198100385065,Recommended,255390,23898925,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Origami.LOST,It is such a satisfying feeling when you finish a great game.This platformer game is absolutely the most enjoyable and exciting platformer I have ever played. Hands down.The visuals of this game is just out of this world. Theres slow motion affects where the player gets to be a pure bad@ss. Boss fights is difficult yet easy to figure out what to do. The last positive about this game is the story. Seeing the connection that two brothers can have is touching.It took me 6 hours to complete the game without really stopping. (I had a playthrough next to me for when things got too complicated.) If your an achievement hunter this game can easily take you 10-12 hours.Absolutely a must buy for everyone.
76561198090413742,Recommended,255390,16410120,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,vidarkristi,"This sidescroller is awsome.Very intelligent made, amazing graphics and great humor.A must have game in any game collection."
76561198249096520,Recommended,255390,20194954,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Adestro,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,255390,20225928,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Eiv,"Excellent game. A puzzle platformer with unique mechanics to seperate it from the pack. Fantastic visual design and the cut scenes are near pixar quality. I haven't fully completed a game in a long time, this one I just couldn't put down.One thing, why would an old lady send a small child on an epicly dangerous journey? She's the real villain in my eyes."
,Recommended,255390,20754884,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MiC,"I liked this game so much. Nice environment, original story, decent difficulty. And yes!...slowmotion was something I didnt expect in this genre of games. I think you will not be disappointed.+graphic+atmosphere+easy control+slowmotion-short story"
,Recommended,255390,20636373,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Havokmann,"THE PLATFORMINGI'm no Super Mario pro and I'm no casual gamer so this game was perfect for me. It's probably considered easy by platform addicts, I dunno. It had only one or two action/platforming moments which were really hard to the point I thought they were just bad by design (one of them was indeed as I saw Xbox and PS videos which showed how much easier it was on consoles).THE PUZZLESThe puzzles are all really nice with varying difficulties. You get a lot of easy ones, a good amount of medium ones and the eventual hard ones just before the checkpoints. Which by the way are generously well spread. I loved that as I'm a gamer with a life (and kids and multiple jobs).GREAT WITH KIDSOh yeah talking about kids. This game is great to play with your kids and teach them about physics and logic. I had a blast with mine.SHOULD I GET IT?Get this game if you like platformers and puzzles but if you are looking for a real challenge, this is not for you."
,Recommended,255390,21441989,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Colt Luger,nice platformer
,Recommended,255390,20454066,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ANDIBEGA,Great game. One of the best I've played.
,Recommended,255390,20429886,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SpatialAnomaly,"A beautiful 2.5D platform, a great game to play after a couple of hundreds hours spent playing The Witcher 3, as this isn't a very long game but the asking price is just right for the amount of fun you get.The puzzles are a mix of easy and more challenging ones and the way the game is designed is very particular.Worth your money and your time!"
,Recommended,255390,20282936,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Okuden,"Fun game. Starts a little slow with the simplistic puzzles, but after awhile I gets a bit more challenging and it really starts to pick up and give you more enjoyment. Graphics are splendid, and the cutscenes were very eclectic and reminded me of pixar style animation which is not a bad thing! I wouldn't be surprised if the animators for Max worked there in the future honestly. All in all this is a great game with a big fun factor. Definitely worth the $2.99 I bought it for and much much more! :D10/10 would pull more mushstupidos eyeballs."
76561198003227119,Recommended,255390,20377724,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DeadWalking,"It's kinda slow at first, but the last two chapters have good pacing.That old granny is not the last boss? I've been thinking it's her who sets up everyone."
76561197979159440,Recommended,255390,20190861,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,godsoldier76,"VERY, VERY FUN!!!   My kids and I love it. The puzzles are clever and satisfying when accomplished.  Get this game!!"
76561197979331716,Recommended,255390,19888060,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,{KB}Vin,Worth whatever price you will pay for it. I played through it once in 5 hours or so. Do with that info what you like.
76561198058157293,Recommended,255390,19981123,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fishywtf,"11/10 would pay money again. Great game, I played this game with a DS4 and boy was it hard to be accurate but made it all the more challenging and fun! I don't think on a keyboard and mouse would be as enjoyable due to the ease of accuracy... The story was something new, liked that a lot. The game play was engaging and tense at the time based areas. And the characters are likeable, Max is definitely really up on my cool kids list. Great game developed all around."
,Recommended,255390,21388872,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DogSter****,Concept is good and my boys of 4 and 6 can easily play it
76561198262141202,Recommended,255390,21170224,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Schlindwein,Very funny game!
,Recommended,255390,21869437,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,t0x1c°♥❤,"This is a casual game, and im giving it 7/10.I like the concept of game design, but the story itself... well, it depends on what you are comparing with. I'm also pretty worried that when Felix grows up and one day knows the truth, he will cast the same spell (if that ever works) on his big brother Max. LOLSorry for not being a fan of the control."
,Recommended,255390,21959105,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jimbodavidson,"I remember a time when the reviews for this game were 100% positive. I was hoping it would stay that way. I've played though this game twice, and I am very tempted for a third run. This game is just amazing, and I can say almost not a bad word about it. It is worth the price and then some!"
76561197961446234,Recommended,255390,17011133,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,CRULL,I enjoyed playing this game with my young son. It's not too difficult.....seems just right.  The graphics are also pretty good. I give it an 8 out of 10.
,Recommended,255390,28760746,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Casey,Awesome !! reminds me so much of Heart of darkness and I loved that game so many moons ago.
76561198018682917,Recommended,255390,28970493,Posted: 3 January,all,Feminine Eminem,"I'm amazed I'd never heard of this game before I bought it. It's a lot like Limbo, but with more colors than black and very dark gray. Interesting and unique puzzles, fun and exciting action sequences, and pretty graphics are all here. Highly recommended."
76561198171069714,Recommended,255390,29023056,Posted: 4 January,all,breezycannon,"Loved this game!  The animation was really beautiful and I enjoyed all of the different levels/worlds.  I thought the puzzles were fun and they allowed you to be creative in your solutions.  DON'T BE AFRAID OF THIS GAME BECAUSE OF THE ""MAGIC MARKER"".  It's very simple to use (especially with a controller) and you get used to it quickly.  If I had to compare Max to other games, I would say that it's a well-executed mix Ori and the Blind Forest and (a refined version of) Nihilumbra."
76561197976140221,Recommended,255390,28953468,Posted: 2 January,all,naveleye,"Great little game.  Not crazy challenging, but well drawn and fun to play.  Excellent game for younger players."
,Recommended,255390,28952804,Posted: 2 January,all,JOHNNY,"Well, I purchased this game on Winter Steam sale without expectationsI haven't even finished this game yet but enjoyed unlock achievementsSO MUCH fun and excited. By the way I'm not a fan of the puzzle genre."
,Recommended,255390,29000832,Posted: 4 January,all,Mike,"An amazing puzzle platformer which is well worth the full price. I've been playing it for ages, haven't completed it yet and sill feel like it's great value (disclosure: I did actually get it on sale, but in hindsight, I'd have been happy either way).It's really well presented, with some fiendish tantrum-inducing puzzles and stands up there as one of the best puzzle platform games.In my opinion, playing it on keyboard and mouse is better than controller (you get better control of the magic marker)."
,Recommended,255390,28878353,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kurosaki,"Get it! It's on sale! I haven't even finished this game yet and it's already sooo worth it.There's some other review saying this game has a ""Heart of Darkness"" feel to it. Indeed, it has."
,Recommended,255390,28918347,Posted: 1 January,all,Tezcatlipoca,"I wanted a simple game to ""let off some steam"" (pun not intended :) ) from extensively playing Witcher 3.  Bought this game for 3 Euros on winter sales and could not have done better. Simple yet fun platform game taking about five hours to complete (if you don't care playing again to collect all the ""secrets""). Minor hiccups when trying to push a branch here and there but that could not be listed as a con as it happens rarely. Totally  recommended!"
,Recommended,255390,28768366,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,squidding,Its page master with a marker replacing the books. Great game! Fluid controls (sometimes clunky) great artwork and is just fun to play. Only problem is it crashes every once in a while on Windows 10. Not sure what thats about.
,Recommended,255390,29259910,Posted: 14 January,all,Lord Pet,awesome game!
,Recommended,255390,29257577,Posted: 14 January,all,Bushee,"Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a well-narrated platformer with quite nice gameplay features. However it's a little fairytale-y, I'm not quite sure it's suitable for lower ages."
76561198182761979,Recommended,255390,30055074,Posted: 20 February,all,HARVESTEROFSORROW,Short But Sweet!
,Recommended,255390,29949155,Posted: 15 February,all,Increddibelly,"This is a beatiful platformer. It reminds me of Abe's Oddworld, but this is more forgiving.The puzzles consist mostly of physics puzzles that you solve by using a magic marker. The marker extends rocks, grows branches and vines, or shoots water or fire, all from color coded anchor points in the game world. These elements combine beautifully, and you fix the puzzles by being clever and agile. Most levels end in an epic chase / boss / climax.At about 70% through I dropped the gamepad and started using the kb / mouse, which allows for finer control.I wish it were longer."
,Recommended,255390,30210859,Posted: 26 February,all,Jim,"I almost stopped playing this because I thought it was going to be too jeuvenile.  I'm glad I persisted, as the game gets much better/harder the further in you get.  Overall it's a great platformer."
,Recommended,255390,34535181,Posted: 27 August,all,Afa,"I think I've just ""played"" a Disney animation, and it was so damn lovely."
76561198114201408,Recommended,255390,34540720,Posted: 27 August,all,ahylton,"Really good game. Nice puzzles and fantastic animation. Definitely worth looking at, its a lot of fun and the gameplay evolves as you progress through the game through the various stages. Not much replayability once you finish, but is well priced for what you get."
,Recommended,255390,14964173,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,BruceSerrano,"Probably the best new IP platformer I've played since PS2. Simply put, it's like a platformer mixed with the drawing elements of Okami. Added to the platforming are light puzzles that aren't too difficult or too easy to figure out. It has the perfect level of difficulty which is no small statement or easy task to complete. The cutscene and story are short and sweet."
,Recommended,255390,34576077,Posted: 29 August,all,erntTt,+Good and interesting way of the puzzles.+The animations are cool.+The achievements make the game more exciting.+Funny scenes and characters.+One of the best platformer games.-None.
76561198075214178,Recommended,255390,29061940,Posted: 6 January,all,<Leinz>,"bringsback the old days whenhaving a Playstation was the best thing=^..^=* 2D gameplay with great animations and3D observation angles* very good level design !not repetetive, puzzles getting integrated well,* a cute story* polished menues, checkpoints get saved,levels can be selected to complete side missions* playable for children (still not too easy)GREAT GAME- some parts can be difficult, taking the ""drawing""specials too seriously"
,Not Recommended,255390,35012025,Posted: 16 September,all,HOLYONE,meh game
,Recommended,255390,35076846,Posted: 19 September,all,Methuselah,"I'm wirting this review early, about what I assume to be 2/3 of the way through the game.I bought this as something appropriate to play with my 6 year old daughter. The game is charming and has no objectionable content whatsoever. I wish there were more games this well made and creative that fit that mold.It's mostly easy but every now and then the puizzles can slow you up for a few minutes. I've never gotten stuck long enough to get frustrated so it balances difficulty with fun (for a somewhat impatient gamer) quite well.My 6 year old is able to play and solve many of the puzzles as well.Great game."
