user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,255420,13709258,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,NeoTech,"Dear Wizards of the Coast. You seriously need to step your game up and create a DTCG (Digital Trading Card Game) that actually competes with other DTCG's currently and upcoming out there. You have failed to create a singular platform (Magic Online is a piece of garbage) where all MGTO fans can gather and play each other for fun and competitivly. Look at Infinity Wars, HEX, hell even Hearthstone.... How dense can ya'll be?I have been wanting to play a singular online platform of MGTO on my desktop since I was in middleschool, I am now 26... I am still waiting for ya'll to get your act together and create an actually stable, graphicle, and appealing online game. You have failed to do so and have given us this. Sure it's good looking and stable. But there is still tons to be desired to even be as competent as the other DTCG who have far less funding yet FAR surpass you. This shouldn't HAPPEN! I have always loved and dedicated a lot of time on MGTO but for some odd reason even though you're the big one in the room you FAIL at giving what your fans and dedicated players want.If you guys stopped with this whole ""Release"" a new title every year which are limited in their cards that fractures your player base and created a single downloadable client that we all can download and all be able to play with a cash shop and all then I'd be happy. I want to spend my money on your DTCG game but at your current state and your competition my money goes to them instead of you.Don't get me wrong I enjoyed playing this game but coming from playing other competing DTCG's you have left massive holes to be desired and to improve upon. Stop releasing new 'games' every year. Focus on the engine and release card collections like the rest of the herd. No microtransactions on a game that will be dead next year. I dont want to start my collection from scratch every year!Hopefully you get it right the next time but my expectations will always be low."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276490,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zanameth,"A lot more bad points than good points on this one.Edit :BUT, you might wanna have a look at my (edited now that I got more hours behind me) closing words to know if this game is for you or not.Pros & ConsPros :- Finally being able to build a somehow more ""customized deck"" !- The new battle UI is neat (is that even a good point anyway)- If you're really patient, you can get a lot of cards and shape your deck however you want, tho be prepared for some nuts grinding.Cons :- Menus are goddam slow to navigate in. Looks fancy the first few minutes, but afterwards each menu transition will feel like an eternity. You also sometimes have to click several times on a button due to the slow responsiveness of the UI (probably cos it didn't finish its transition)- You start with only one deck (yes, only one). You cannot swap decks once you have chosen, and you have no idea what the contents of your pick will be (all you know is the colors inside your starter deck).- The starting deck is WEAK, and I mean it. Compared to the previous Magic DoTP, the deck feels weak, no fun cards in it that makes you grin, no solutions against many types of deck you might encounter. The result is, AI will♥♥♥♥♥♥you in Planeswalker diff unless you get not only a perfect starting hand but also very good draws. In fact, turn down the difficulty to ""Mage"" and do some games against a random AI deck, you're not even guaranteed to win, even as a veteran player. The problem would not be with your skills, but because of how weak the deck is. It does look like you can change your starting deck at the very start (tho it doesn't seem clearly visible), but afterwards you're stuck with it until you get enough cards to build a new deck, or to alter your starting one to something decent.- Grindfest party to build a proper deck. We are very close to a Pay2Win iteration with this 2015 edition. The game now has an online shop in which you can buy boosters (1.79€ for 10 cards) for real money, or an entire card collection for (4.99€). We all get where this is going. And given the facts that even Mage level AI will pown you depending on your starter deck (which doesn't make speed games for farm very efficient at start), you will either have to be very patient or break your piggy bank, the latter being obviously what the game wants you to do. For reference, Only two rares in your starting deck (one at first, and the second when you finish or skip tutorial).- The land system is broken. Example : Let's suppose you have two plains and two swamps in play, and in your hand you got two cards that each cost one swamp and one colorless mana to play. If you wanted to play both, you obviously would want to pay one plain and one swamp for each.Well guess what? No. Click the first card in your hand, and the system will often tap both swamps for its mana cost. What the [insert kind words and sing a Bieber song here] hell? You can still tap your lands manually with CTRL, but the system used to be smart enough to leave you with the right mana combinations, which ain't the case anymore. Let's hope this gets fixed.Closing wordsWell, we wanted a better way to customize our deck, so now we have it. While I believe there is a way to build the ""deck of your dreams"" (will never beat Shandalar anyway), the game obviously wants you to pay extra money to get what you want. I'm saying this because if this wasn't the case, they could've made starter decks more fun and powerful (like the starter decks in the previous series), and still make other good cards unlockable afterwards, which would've been fair trade. Instead, they made your deck as weak as it can be to either push your patience to the limit or make you break your piggybank. This is not a business tactic I am especially fond of, thus I cannot put a thumbs up for this game.Edit :To clear any misuderstanding, I'm not saying the game is bad per-se. The game itself is solid, and if you're willing to make repeated fights to farm your cards, you'll definitely have fun later on (I can tell without being there yet). I mean, how can it not be fun to make the deck the way you want ?HOWEVER, and unlike the previous Magic DotP games, you WILL NOT have fun right off the bat. You will first have to farm cards for hours before you have something you can really call a ""Deck"". In the end, if you know you are willing to spend a decent amount of time to get your cards, I believe you won't regret it and you'll definitely have fun. If not, well...Have a great day,Zanameth, a very old Magic playerMy favorite deck? A ""Wildfire"" variant from the Urza block! Veterans will know what I refer to.Edit 19th July : Clarified the mana tapping problem and the starting deck problem."
,Not Recommended,255420,11350116,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,zreese,"Wizards of the Coast and Stainless Games have listened to hardcore fans and finally given them what they want: a sales funnel.I'm having a hard time grasping how Magic 2015 became such a mess. Previous games in the series have been wonderful, offering the components and mechanics of the Magic: The Gathering card game without the overly involved meta-game. Choose one of the pre-configured decks, play a quick game online, then step away from the computer and enjoy the other passions in your life. I contend that it is one of the most enjoyable ways to play Magic: The Gathering, if only because you don't have to interact with the sort of people who play Magic: The Gathering on a regular basis.A common criticism of Magic 2015's predecessors was ""Why can't I build my own deck from scratch using all of the Magic cards ever made?"" This is similar to walking into a coffee shop and asking for a porterhouse steak. No one will argue that it's what you'd most desire at that given moment, but the resources exist for you to have that experience without making the world collapse and conform to your immediate needs. There is a game called Magic: The Gathering Online that allows players to have the ""complete"" Magic: The Gathering experience, such as spending hundreds of dollars to build the same deck that everyone else is using because of a mechanical exploit. That is it's own thing. You can go out onto the internet and type ""Magic: The Gathering Online"" in a search engine, with or without quotes, and spend lots of money on digital trading cards. The Duels of the Planeswalkers series has offered a different experience, more akin to a fighting game. It was a well balanced game that afforded many different play styles and allowed players to have fun regardless of their skill level.Magic 2015 does away with pre-configured decks almost completely. You play a tutorial and then choose from a list of different decks. None of them are very good. You can not change your deck after choosing without deleting your save file and starting over. You must use that deck for the first section of the campaign. If you are patient you will eventually unlock the ability to build your own decks, but only after slogging through numerous battles with the starter deck.When you win a battle, you are rewarded with a booster. This booster contains a few cards that are almost certainly worthless to you. Maybe you are playing with a black zombie deck. Your booster might contain three green cards that are not zombies. And you'll say, ""Wow, I wish I could get lucky and open a booster with some good zombie cards in it!"" The solution to this is to purchase a premium booster. These premium boosters contains the Good Cards. They cost $1.99 each. You can buy as many as you want. The only way to get the Good Cards is by buying premium boosters. If you buy enough of them, you might get a Great Card that wins the game when you play it. If you don't buy enough of them, you will be at a disadvantage when playing online against the people who did buy enough of them. These people will play a Great Card and you will lose the game.It is important to remember that you have paid at least $9.99 for this experience.Design decisions like these have turned a reasonably solid series into something foul. You should not buy this game. You should not play this game. If you want a casual game of Magic: The Gathering, buy Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014. It is well balanced and fun to play. If you want to spend exorbitant amounts of money building whatever deck is dominating the Magic: The Gathering meta-game, play Magic: The Gathering Online. If you want a real challenge, open a coffee shop that sells porterhouse steaks. Let me know how it does.One additional item that I absolutely must mention as part of my ""See Something, Say Something"" campaign against offensive user experiences: the menus in this game are presented in a slideshow fashion, where you can only see one menu option at a time and have to cycle through each screen. This results in the inability to view menu options that are currently disabled. So it's impossible to judge your progress in the campaign, which is unfortunate because most of the game's content is hidden away behind various milestones. FAQs online told me that deck building was unlocked after beating Avanyc, but due to the poor menu system I was unable to determine how many more events I needed to clear before I reached that point. The ""unnumbered list"" menu system used in the previous games, as well as almost every single piece of interactive media produced since the beginning of time, would have been a much better solution for content navigation."
,Not Recommended,255420,15781745,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Celisasu,"Honestly there needs to be a mixed button for reviews I think.  Magic 2015 is a shining example of a game that has a number of good qualities but is marred by some bad ones as well.  It's like they took all these great ideas and then put some flaw that ruined the awesomeness that could've been.  I'm going to look at both the core game and the Garruck expansion with this review.On the positive side we finally get true deckbulding.  Every card you unlock can be accessed to build any deck you want.  This is something people have been clamoring for for awhile and it's great that they finally offered it to us.You also face a wide variety of different decks in the single player campaign which while showing you the diversity of Magic also unfortunately shows you all sorts of cool stuff that you won't get to use in the game yourself.I've heard people complain about the black and white color scheme and honestly I don't have a problem with it myself.  I think this is a taste thing as it doesn't seem any better or worse than the previous color schemes used in Duels of the Planeswalkers.This brings us to some of the noticable flaws in the game unfortunately.First is how they approached deck building.  You can have one of any mythic, two of any rare, three of any uncommon, and four of any common in your deck.  This goes back to the bad old days of hiding good cards behind rarity.  Note that there are good common and uncommon cards in this game and bad rare cards(I can't recall if there are bad mythics off the top of my head) but honestly they should've looked at each card and said ""Is this broken?"" and if their answer was yes, not included it and if the answer was no then allowed a full playset of four cards.  Some games can be decided by someone getting that rare or mythic card in their hand.Second is some bad campaign choices.  This is especially bad in Garrucks expansion.  In that you have to use Garruck's premade deck and you'll be facing off against decks that are specifically designed to beat him.  It's not fun.  It's frustrating.  For example the second Garruck match gives you some new cards for your deck that you have to use...such as creatures that are capable of killing a non-black creature.....when you're facing an opponent who is using mono-black.  End result is that you have a seriously overpriced 3/3 flyer in your deck.  All the Garruck matches are like this and it's more a frustrating slog through the expansion as a result.  It could've been awesome.  His deck has stuff that you'll almost never get to play in the actual paper game such as Bayous(the original black/green dual land with no restrictions) but they successfully made even that not fun.Third is the paucity of game modes.  I've heard people complain about the lack of two headed giant which is fair, but they pretty much only have the most basic modes.  This is the first Magic which hasn't offered an alternate mode at all.  No Adversary, no Planechase, nothing.  Commander has been big lately, couldn't they have put stuff in for that at least?Fourth is that some of the starter decks are almost traps.  They're really really bad and if you chose one it'll be much harder to go through the main campaign until you manage to unlock a few worthwhile cards.  And you don't even get to know what's in them until after you chose one.Fifth is the lack of other players.  The flaws in the game have clearly lead to a limited player base as I've wandered on at what should be good hours and only seen a few people on.  The flaws and the fact that apparently they're already working on another game have clearly lead people to moving on.The last thing is more a meta situation than anything else so I'd say less a flaw and more a flavor thing.  Obviously different eras of Magic had different metas.  The meta for 2015 is fairly aggressive.  It's going to favor aggro decks and not be so friendly towards slower decks so if you want to play a defensive blue/white control deck for example 2015 probably isn't going to be the Magic environment for you.Overall it's a fun but noticably flawed game.  I wouldn't pay full price for it but if you see it discounted(I'd say 50% off minimum) and enjoy card games you might have an enjoyable playthrough.  I got it discounted and I do think I got my money's worth but I probably would've been more annoyed if I'd paid full price.  So not recommended at full price, but go ahead and pick it up if you can get it cheap."
,Not Recommended,255420,13686294,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Taldier,"Short Version: Do not buy this game.  If you want to play Magic at your computer without investing in MTGO, buy DOTP 2014 instead.Quite frankly WOTC isnt known for quality control of digital products, but this might actually be the worst designed product with their name on it that I've seen (and I played MTG Tactics and MTG Battlegrounds).  I finally decided to try this version out, despite all of the negative things I've heard about it.  Surprisingly though, its somehow worse than I expected.The microtransactions arent the real problem here.  Certainly they are there, and that is slightly annoying given that the point of the DOTP franchise is to play MTG without that aspect of the card game.  However as a paper MTG player I'm certainly used to that.No, the real problem here is that the game that you are paying for is garbage.  First of all, its one of the most abysmal PC ports I've seen in awhile.  Instead of a menu screen, you get a series of icons that you scroll through one at a time until you find the one you were trying to get to.  Even in game, the mouse controls are strangely less smooth and not as responsive as in 2014.  It feels like the function of every aspect of the game has been sacrificed to try to make things look ""cool"".And since I'm talking about the appearance of the game.  It looks horrible.  Why is everything on the screen black and grey?  Did someone at the studio decide that the colorful blues, golds, and reds of DOTP 2014 were too pleasant to look at?  The whole design of the in-game interface is not only far less convenient and poorly laid out, but also just plain irritating to look at.  Are me and my opponent playing MTG in some dystopian sci-fi future where joy is illegal?But so far I've been talking about the interface, gameplay functionality, and apperance of the game; ""what about the actual card game?"", you excitedly ask.Unfortunately its just not worth it.  I continuously feel as though Im playing the sealed gameplay mode of DOTP 2014... except with less interesting cards.  And this is the 2015 campaign gameplay.  Sure being able to make my own deck with random cards is nice, but if I wanted to make a crappy deck with crappy cards I would play sealed mode.  Which I can already do in DOTP 2014.  And if I want to play multiplayer or the campaign, 2014 lets me play with some fun Magic cards from throughout MTG history instead of the boring trash you get to work with in 2015.In conclusion, if at any given time I was unable to go out and play paper Magic with people in person, I would play DOTP 2014.  If I was unable to play DOTP 2014, I would play Hearthstone.  And if I was forced to play DOTP 2015... I would go read a book.Learn from my mistake, dont buy this version of DOTP.  Dont support their horrible decisions.  Hopefully WOTC will seriously rethink their poorly implemented digital business model."
,Not Recommended,255420,12458710,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ruben,"The Good: You can finally construct your own decks. Some of the opponents are interesting.The Bad: No puzzle mode. The computer opponents get cards that are more fun than yours. Most of the good cards are locked behind pay walls, even in the fully purchased version (like the one I got).The Ugly: Game crashes CONSTANTLY. And I mean constantly. I have yet to actually shut the game down of my own choice. It always crashes to desktop instead.Recommended For: Masochists who enjoy a Computer Opponent who cheats and always has an optimal hand. Folks who really just can't get enough crashes to desktop. Your enemies."
,Not Recommended,255420,11311440,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ryuichiro,"First I want to clarify that I've finished the campaign and played some multiplayer even the FFA.As someone who prefers Coop/Singleplayer it's a rather disappointing game.Pros :- finally some freedom to build our own decks (still not like the paper version)- the Ingame UI is beautifulCons :- no team based multiplayer whatsoever (IT'S HIS FAULT)http://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/2ac4v9/ama_with_nik_davidson_lead_designer_for_magic/citnrid- slooooooow menu handling- the payment model (I mean a Complete Edition that doesn't include all cards... really?)- reasonable cardpool BUT there are cards in the game, that are only usable by the AI like the Slivers- no Challenge puzzles.Overall :I like the gameplay, but it's frustating to play against others who have more cards and yes there are some that are especially powerfull or AI that has Cards that you can't unlock at all like the Slivers. As someone who has bought the complete edition i can only turn away in shame."
,Not Recommended,255420,11326139,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Targor,"Slow interface, pay to win, card library too small, features removed.  A blatant money grab and a step backwards for the series."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276222,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Twitch.TV/Blasman13,"I was forced to spend an hour beating the first campaign to simply unlock the multiplayer mode.  There was no option to change my ""starter deck"" after I had selected it so I was forced to use the same deck throughout the campaign.  Once I finally unlocked the multiplayer mode, the only options that I was given were for ""2 players,"" ""3 players,"" and ""4 players.""  I guess I should have done some research on the game first, but it never even dawned on me that they would remove one of the most popular modes, and the only mode that I ever played in Magic 2012, 2013, and 2014.2HG does not exist in this game.I have no interest in the solo game or any other multiplayer mode.  Wasted money."
76561198099184868,Not Recommended,255420,11280835,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SyntaxError,"Not fun.The UI, while looking fancy, makes you slog through the menus. The fade-out/fade-in trick gets annoying very fast. Not fun.The deck system, while not necessarily bad, is simply not fun. You can no longer alternate between thematically oriented, colourful and interesting sets like in DotP '14. Instead, you get to choose a single deck by colour -- without knowing what it actually does and what cards it contains. While the optional second deck is based on your existing portfolio of cards and therefore fails to alleviate the issue, the inability to redo that crucial choice in the beginning is a real kicker. Cue endless tiresome games during which you desperately try to improve the absurdly abysmal starter deck with zero synergy so you stand a fighting chance against a full-blown enemy. It's possible to win, yes, but those 20+ minutes fights of attrition are not fun, unless you consider stabbing yourself in the eye with a rough spoon ""fun"".I'm not interested in multiplayer, but it appears that Wizards of the Coast is slowly pushing for pay-2-win by implementing booster packs with additional, potentially more powerful cards that cannot be obtained via normal play. Not fun.Sigh. Had I known DotP '15 was going to be so much less enjoyable than DotP '14, I would not have bought it. I really wanted to like this, but I think I'll stick with '14 for now, thanks."
76561198045974071,Not Recommended,255420,15934280,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Deputy_Van_Halen,"There's no way to restart your progress. You're stuck with the first choice you made. You can't delete your profile. You can't start over. It's just stupid. I got this to see what it was like ages ago, but thought it sucked. I re-installed it to teach my girlfriend how to play, but she'd be stuck with the choices I made. There's literally no way for her to discover anything for herself. It's a monumentally dumb way to design a game."
76561198022967067,Not Recommended,255420,11282489,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,nightdmun,"Really wish i didn't spend the 35 bucks on this game. I had high expectations and it all flopped. Well, so far. CANNOT USE ANY OF THE CARDS YOU BOUGHT THE COMPLETE PACK FOR until you GRIND your way through the first level. I Had to reset match a few times due to the cards they start you with being so crappy. PREMIUM cards cannot be gained without purchasing. That is just GREED. 35 dollars should be enough for all of them. They went backwards with too many things in 2015. Crap."
,Not Recommended,255420,11280383,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Capybard,"-The game is designed around microtransactions. The 10$ price tag is misleading.-You must choose a single starting deck and build from there, unlocking more cards as you progress, which would be fine if the cards unlocked at a decent pace (be prepared to grind for them) and if all the starting decks weren't horrible.-Since all the starter decks are absolutely terrible, you will have difficulty playing against the computer in the Planeswalker difficulty even if you are an experienced Magic player.-Terribly slow and badly designed user interface. I'd say it was designed for consoles but it doesn't work well with a gamepad either (maybe it was designed with touchscreens in mind, but definitely not PC).-Lots of people are having issues with crashes, and the game takes loads of time to startup for some mysterious reason.-Cutscenes still look like they belong in Age of Empires II.-No Two-Headed Giant mode.-You need to unlock the multiplayer mode.-The AI that decides on the mana usage is even worse than before. You can set it to manual (as you should), but the ""suggestions"" that the AI give are still terrible and will cost you plays if you're not careful.-This is personal preference, but there are even more ""encounter""/""challenge"" type duels and less against other Planeswalkers, which I don't like.Stay away from this one. If you need to scratch that Duels of the Planeswalkers itch, get the 2012 version."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276744,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,AlexThunderbird,"Has no split screenHas no two headed giantReally Really slowed down gameplayMenus move really slowMenus load slowNo more custom duelsPractice matches are useless-_- multiplayer is nothing but red premium playersYou cant get boosters from replaying campaign as wellYou only have one deck to equip from startAi hax with perfect hands and perfect luckAi has a pre built deck that destroys yoursThere is only 300 cardsabout 50 from each plane  (5 planes, 250 cards)and then 50 in premium cards  (counted)game sucks"
,Not Recommended,255420,11280671,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TheDauthi,"The types of decks you can build are improved over 2014,  The filtering interface is nice.The pay-to-win approach, which unlocks slower than 2014 to push you to buy boosters at $2?  I get enough of that with REAL M:TG, thanks!  The slow menus?  Terrible.  Why did most of the interface take a step BACKWARDS?I'm regretting this purchase."
,Not Recommended,255420,11346144,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Athravan,"Sadly the addition of a pay to win premium booster system coupled with the removal of MtG 2014 co-op and challenge modes do not make up for the addition of a deck builder.In order to take full advantage of the new deck builder you would need to spend many hours battling with a tedious starter deck (that you are forced to choose with no card list available and you cannot change) against the AI to unlock cards, or pay $35 to skip. The content is so tedious that I'm sure plenty of people are paying that $35 just to avoid experiencing it. In addition to that, even if you pay $35 or unlock all free content the strongest cards in the game can still only be obtained via the RNG of opening ""premium"" booster packs.It feels like they are trying to shift these Duels of the Planeswalkers games in the direction of MtG Online, expecting people to pay large sums of money to open boosters, build decks and play competitively. Whilst the UI and gameplay is superior to MtG Online, MtG 2015 does not offer the trading, social and most importantly, competitive/tournament scene that the Online client does.So it straddles in between and ultimately offers the best of nothing. Not the enjoyable co-op, single player or casual PvP game that MtG 2014 is, but not the competitive PvP client that MtG Online is. Overall I do not know what the developers were thinking when they designed this, but I'm pretty sure the $ sign was involved. This game is moving in the wrong direction."
,Not Recommended,255420,12814241,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,TaBaDz,Pros:-deck buildingCons:-NO TWO HEADED GIANT-Terrible interface-Card selection is poor- Everything is white you can use this as a substitute light on your roomI still prefer 2014
,Not Recommended,255420,11276304,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mark,"What a terrible game. WotC went completely Pay to Win.Where as in Duals of the Planeswalkers 2014 sealed play was one of the best things in the game (Even if you had to pay in DotP 2014 to have 3 or more sealed decks ..of course.. ), they completely REMOVED sealed play from M2015 and I will tell you why.It's because their other game, Magic Online, makes them a lot more money in offering sealed play events because people pay the full price for virtual card packs over and over again (By the by, yes, the full retail price is charged in Magic Online. The exact same 4 dollars per pack like you would have to pay for physical ones.). And because that alone is not making them enough money yet, they changed their business model to make this game appealing only for the crowd of new players who are new to Magic and want to learn how to play.EDIT: They removed Two Headed Giant too apparentlyDon't even try multiplayer in this game. A number of card sets are available for everyone who wants to pay to make the perfect decks. If you just buy this game you are stuck with a cheap deck of commons that you picked at the beginning of the game. A choice you can't even revert later on if you don't like your deck.But wait, there is more:This game's interface, for some reason, is SLOW.  It's not my hardware but even scrolling through the main options is slow.The design is poor. You are pretty much forced to use your keyboard to scroll through it because it's so oddly placed on screen that if you try to use your mouse you will often accidentally click something, and your have to wait until it's loaded up (which takes like 3 seconds) before you can go back and load the interface back up (takes too annoyingly long as well). You might think; 'a few seconds? What is this guy whining about?' well, buy the game. You will see how annoying it becomes after you misclicked for the fifth time. The whole feel to this game is just as if it's an unfinished, unpolished game. Very badly optimized.My rant is not over yet:The promo you get for buying this game: Soul of Shandalar is terrible. Last year we got a decent rare but this card is just unplayable. Don't even get this game for the promo card if you were planning on that.Even if you are a new player whose characteristics include infinite patience; this game is not worth it for you even though you are the main selling audience. If you are determined on learning how to play Magic, just drive to your local store, pick up an intro deck (like 20 bucks) and play some real Magic with the people there. Im convinced it's a lot more fun to play together and Magic players are often very helpful and will teach you how. They don't have to improvise a way to help you through the constraints of a shabby business model. I am seriously contemplating quitting Magic the Gathering now. Don't get this game.Positive points:I bought the standard edition and didn't waste another 20 euro's on the full edition."
,Not Recommended,255420,11299470,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mr. Sassy Pants,"I am so sad that I picked this game up.For the most part I buy the DotP games as a fun time waster to get my magic fix every once in a while, but this game just infuriates me at every turn.  the UI is just terrible, it takes a good 5 seconds to load between menu options because of a god awful animation that plays every time.  You are stuck with the deck you pick at the start of the game, which I would not be so annoyed with since you are able to customize the deck in its entierity, but some of the cards required to make most archetypes are behind pay walls...I will finish the campaign by sheer brute force, but every time I play instead of being happy I get to play magic, I get annoyed at everything this game does wrong."
,Not Recommended,255420,11334119,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,wadeithan,"I love MtG, but I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone. The Duels of the Planeswalkers games have always existed more as a product primarily targeting a casual/former/new Magic player audience, but even when I still avidly played the physical game, I could find something to enjoy in a DotP release. This year's edition makes the welcome change to allow deckbuilding to give more advanced players a meatier experience, but it does so many other things wrong that it ends up not being a product that is casual/new/lapsed player friendly, but isn't going to appeal to most avid MtGers either.Pros:Adds DeckbuildingNew UI graphic design is niceCons:UI drags, even on a high-end setupRemoved challengesRemoved sealed playRemoved revenge campaignRemoved Two-Headed Giant formatCard unlocking system is horrendousNot all cards unlockable without additional purchases (totalling almost $30 for everything, on top of the $10 for the game)Locks you into the starting deck you initially choose, with no way to view the decklists or try them before choosingStarter decks seem weak and have little synergyAI doesn't seem very intelligentSome enemy decks seem overpowered (despite poor AI), attempting to force you into the booster microtransactionsAs much as I love Magic, this just isn't fun. It's like WotC wanted to go the Free-to-Play route, but didn't want to make it actually free to play. Some of this could be patched away (though I'm not holding out hope), but a lot of it seems to be problematic at the game's core. Between my Xbox 360 and Steam, I've bought every DotP release as they've come out. Without significant (and unlikely) changes, this will be the last one I purchase."
76561197964422763,Not Recommended,255420,11274569,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Oh Noes,"This is the worst sham ever.. at least compared to the previous titles in this series. It used to be a cheap way of getting to play some MtG sure it had its limits with deck building, but it also had fairness in the sense that everybody had acces to the same cards, This new 2015 edition allows you one deck with no way of pre-viewing and then you have to buy booster packs to actually make it strong.... They really screwed the franchise for all of us casual player, the pros play the real online mgt anyway..To clarify you do unlock cards, but you'll have to spend more cash than the initial purchase if you want to have acces to the same arsenal as your oppenents.Other than that the game is pretty much the same as the other games of the serires.Edit: Felt i had to add an edit. Yes, you unlock a lot of cards so you can build more decks, which is fine if you only goal is to play vs. a somewhat broken AI.Unable to make a proper AI like all previous MtG games they allow the AI to chat in the sense that it play solely reactive with what must be classified as miracle draws. No real plan of attack besides the predesigned strategy.I for one have spent most of the old MtG's playing vs human oppenents.And here it very much matters that you need to buy boosters to unlock all the cards. The other MtG's had all the cards unlockable from completing games vs AI or human oppenents. This one does not. So I consider it to be a hidden charge that you need to pay if you plan on playing online. Sure you are not ""forced"" to do it, but it is borderline pay to win."
,Not Recommended,255420,14800454,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,★ ＨｉＰＦｉＲＥＤ,"IntroductionI am a avid Magic the Gathering player and was waiting for this game to come out. Unfortunately i was disappointed when i found this game dropped the ball so hard.ProsCustom Deck BuildingCampaign can be fun at timesConsNo Two-Headed GiantSome good cards are behind a dlc paywallThe AI’s decks have all of the cool cardslack of polish on the gameConclusionJust buy magic 2014 instead. This game completely dropped the ball. It had the potential, but there is so much that just went wrong in this game for me to recommend this to anyone.-HiPFiRED"
76561197972950484,Not Recommended,255420,12507395,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Firebird,They took pretty much everything that made the previous version good and either removed it or filled it with glitches somehow. Very very much a let down. If you want to play Duels of the Planeswalkers then I recommend you buy the 2014 version.
76561198055046573,Not Recommended,255420,12457121,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[1294]Jekkins,"After spending a lot of time playing Magic 2014, both the story mode and online with freinds I've ended up feeling rather betrayed it's sucessor. Specifically I dislike the way decks and the aqquisition of new cards has been handled. After a brief tutorial you are thrown to a very large list of pre-assembled decks, all looking suitably cool with their flavour names and artwork, however expect to enjoy only one of these for a very large amount of play because that is all you may use with the standard edition. No information is given on any of the decks apart from their colours and it is not made clear that the decision you make here is final with no going back to sample the others. To me this feels like a gentle shove in the direction of the £4 a pop dlc packs offering all the cards instantly. After this at the end of each sucessful duel you will be given a booster pack relating to the plane you are currently on, a nice idea that gives you options for customisation that may not have been so prelavent in previous editions. This system is flawed however, I found on my playthrough the packs to be glitchy, and several times I was re-issued the same pack. The departure of Two Headed Giant, a mode me and freinds enjoyed significantly seems to seal the deal for me. I can't recommend this game particularly, I'd rather just go back to 2014 and play Echanter's Arsenal without having to throw Wizards any more money than I already have..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277668,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kᴏᴏᴘs,"Magic 2015 has taken steps backwards in all the wrong directions. People have complained for years about many features, or lack thereof in this series. The developers finally listened to people cries for full deck building. While the deckbuilding is robust and the card collection is larger than ever, there is almost no content to back it up.DotP has been a great online trading card game because it had little competition in the past. Now that there is competition in the form of great games like Might & Magic Duel of Champions and Hearthstone, Magic 2015 is easily overshadowed. You would think that a game series would only add content to the franchise in yearly installments, but Magic 2015 has actually stripped multiplayer of it's best game modes. Two headed giant IS NOT in Magic 2015, and the developers fail to acknowledge that it was one of the best selling points of past games, and the only mode distinguising DoTP from the competition (Hearthstone players are dying for a 2HG game mode, but will likely not get it). The removal of the 2HG was a fatal mistake for Magic 2015, and can be credited to Nik Davidson(http://www.reddit.com/r/magicTCG/comments/2ac4v9/ama_with_nik_davidson_lead_designer_for_magic/citnrid).In the past, cards were unlocked either through grinding (which wasn't all that bad!) or simply manipulating game files to unlock all cards. The developers have done nothing to moderate or squelch people from cheating in past iterations of DotP, and I can easily forsee people exploiting Magic 2015 to the fullest. I would say that Magic 2015 is pay to win since actually unlocking the games full content will cost more than the base price of the game in the form of microtransactions, but I won't because I don't think it will be long before people hack cards into their games and start using cookie cutter decks. Regardless, I do not see myself investing the time to craft decks in Magic 2015 because my only multiplayer options are to 1v1 duel, or free-for-all up to four players - opposed to the past 2HG, and the hilarious Planeschase mode from 2013.Aside from the removal of the best game mode in DoTP, Magic 2015 has compounded the worst features of past iterations. The menu system has never been strong, and 2015's is the worst of the worst. Navigating the menu is cumbersome, and clicking buttons is extremely unresponsive. Thankfully, the in-game responsiveness is better, but the game is still brought down by slow animations and a boring playing field.I have been a fan of Duels of the Planeswalkers for years, and a cardboard Magic player for 20 years. Magic 2015 is a huge dissapointment and one of my first regret purchases on Steam. This can honestly be salvaged if the developers patch in 2-Headed Giant, but if past games are any indication, they will do nothing to support the game except release nickle-and-dime microtransactions rather than fix bugs. With over 500 hours played in the DotP series, I am sad to say that I likely will not be playing this game and instead move onto the now better online TCGs."
76561198017500090,Not Recommended,255420,11277519,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rumii,"NO ♥♥♥♥ING TWO HEADED GIANT ???YOU SERIOUS ?That was the ONLY thing that made this game actually good, now you took it from us way to go, this game is no where near worth your money at all don´t buy it, play 2014 it´s way better.They either put 2vs2 in with a patch or this game will die pretty quick.I mean if i wanted to play 1on1 i would go out and play it with some dudes with decks I can actually build on my own instead of spending it here for digital cards that suck anyway. Completely waste of money and time would NOT recommend unless they put in 2on2 again, and plainchase."
76561197973797535,Not Recommended,255420,11277975,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MeatCook,"This game is so bad pls don´t buy this it´s only to make money and that makes me so sad pls stay in m 14 better decks, better cards, more fun+ You can build your own deck the way you want+ better gameplay because the turn are quicker____________________________________- You must Play the first campaign with the worst deck- Many op cards exist in the game but you can´t use them only the computer got them- The cards pool is way to small and the cards that you need to make a good deck are limited to 1.- When you want all cards you must buy boster for the shop 1 boster 1,80€ XD- The color seems very unbalanced- No chalanges :-(____________________________________AND THE WORST THING NO TWO HEADED GIANT THIS IS THE BIGGEST JOKE !!!____________________________________If the complete game would cost 9,99€ with ALL CARDS then ok buy it but when you want every cards you must buy compled bundle 32€ + booster each 1,80€ and i think you must buy min 15-20 boster to get all. PLS DON´T BUY IT AND STAY IN MAGIC 2014"
,Not Recommended,255420,11276246,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Milfshake,"Was expecting to have some fun with a friend on the 2 Headed Giant game mode - I am disappointed.Also, the damn Tutorial is harder to beat then the rest of the game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276382,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wolfgang Hype,"So far this game seems like a large step back from it's predecessors.Pros:- Completely customizable decks- Cheaper than buying physical cards.Cons:- Terrible interface, menus only allow one option to be displayed at a time which slows things down- Poor starting decks- Certain cards locked behind a paywall- No multiplayer options (no two headed giant, no Archenemy)- reports of poor performance on some machines."
76561198019928833,Not Recommended,255420,19897119,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,awake283,Whoever designed the UI for this game should be shot.
,Not Recommended,255420,11340227,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ohai,"I really wish someone would explain why multi-player is gated in this game. What is the point? What does WotC gain by making me jump through hoops to play multi-player?The UI is slightly better than 2014 and 2013, but it still feels like it was designed by an intern over at yahoo games."
,Not Recommended,255420,11309904,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Aeonikus,Here it comes the new duels game of the year! Owners of previous games in the series will be glad that they get a free booster for owning the 2014 instalment of duels and the prebuyers also got an additional booster. However.. this game is a major letdown on several fronts. In general the cards available has never been this weak and lacking in terms of power. The most popular game mode of the series has been ditched (2 Headed Giant) and the sluggish way the menu's work turns what could could be a good game into something less desirable. The only good thing to say is that you're not forced into spending a whole lot of money buying this game and a year from now the game will be forgotten anyhow.
76561198065492503,Not Recommended,255420,11276778,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Polish Fish,I rather take a cheesegrater to the face than play through the tutorial because the pre-made decks are almost as good Stalin's Domestic Policies
76561198012825817,Not Recommended,255420,18316418,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,2HOT4U,If you want to play Magic with a hobbled together deck vs a cheating AI deck with perfect synergy then this is the game for you.  Enjoy spending hours navigating through menu system that reminds you flash-heavy website that's needlessly complex and scroll heavy.  Example:  Want to change your deck?  That will take you a full minute Magic 2015.  In Magic 2014 it'll take you 5 seconds.
,Not Recommended,255420,12531556,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,GG LA Bunny Fuuu Fu,Terrifying deck change design for multiplay and the cards are not fun.Two headed giant mode out was critical.I regret i bought this game although  i  played all series since planes walker andi still play magic 2014
76561198019253741,Not Recommended,255420,11277656,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Der Wahre Skill ™,"i am so damn sadthey removed 2HGthey removed 2HGthey removed 2HGthey removed 2HGi will not play this game oncei hate itthis is the most stupid thing that could happengive me premade crap decks, okay, but remove 2HG? omfg ...DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP"
76561198032307135,Not Recommended,255420,11277500,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cypher,"I have now been a paying customer of the Magic The Gathering Series for many years, and this game is by far the worst installment i have yet to come across. I know i may not have played the game long enough to gain credibility but lets start at the basics. There is no Two-headed Giant which IMHO is one of the best gametypes they created for the game, the UI is a shambles and in no way needed changing from the previous games. At the games start you get to choose ONE deck out of the many terrible ones they have put together and trust me i know what im talking about when it comes to MtG.From the previous games you had the sence of feeling that everybody had access to the same cards and this has gone in the complete opposite direction in terms of that feeling and approach. It has become, like the metagame itself a pay to win game and i for one am very dissapointed in this ultimate proposal.In Summary do not buy this game, if you are looking to re-invest your time back into MtG then i plead you to try Magic 2014 or just play the real game itself with friends where you do not need to spend ludicrous amounts of money in order to feel ""Competitive""On the other hand if you are simply looking for a new card game just try Hearthstone where you can actually have a sence of achievement without spending a lot of money on Packs."
,Not Recommended,255420,11319934,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Teopeo,"I'd like to discuss the weak starter decks, the new automatic land tap (they broke it), the grind and the missing features but I can't. The whole menu usability is so frustrating it overshadows any other feature of the game.No matter how good I play and with what cards, I will end up frustrated because the HR department skipped over the usability experience in the interviews.All they managed to achieve is have nice single icons on the screen. Which might be nice if you're using a smartphone but you'd break it anyway after another ""menu transition"" which is not really an animation anyway, just a very prolonged fade.Even on a tablet there's place to choose more than one icon (sorry, I forgot left and right...) and have some sort of attempt to ease the navigation. For the mouse navigation they just attached a mouse to a tablet and checked wether you could see and move the cursor. You will go mad if you don't use the keyboard in the menus.Overall it takes me about 50 (not counting skipping the intros or the 20 clicks to get past the ""Press Start"" screen) clicks to start a game. The menus are so horrible I ended up quitting the game several times because I accidentally clicked past ""do you really want to leave"". Which is the only good thing about these menus since it saved me from several heart attacks."
76561197973019231,Not Recommended,255420,13096118,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Syn_Invictus,"I have to preface this review with a couple of facts.  This is my first negative review of a steam product.  I love MTG and have been playing since the 90s with a couple of breaks in between.  So when I say this game is garbage I'm not just being a hater.  At the core when you are playing a match it is just like all the other games in the series.  It is the card gathering mechanics, menus, and lack of game modes that hurts this version of Duels.  Unlike previous games in the Planeswalker series you don't start the game with a selection of decks to move between and maybe discover new play styles.  You are locked into one deck that you have to pick off it's NAME, thats right name and color no card preview.  You are now stuck with that and must use it to beat matches and earn booster packs.  On the plus side you do have the ability to fully customize your decks which is awesome.  The down side to that is that the card selection is kinda meh.  Also being a game that is focused on dual colored cards it has barely any and the card focus is totally on sets that had plenty of them.  You can buy booster packs with micreotransactions or just unlock all the cards in a certain set.  Personally I don't like microtransactions of that nature but whatever, what really burns it is that the cards are lackluster on a whole.  I spent about 10 hours grinding out my black deck and once I had it finished I didn't want to play anymore.  Oh almost forgot no Two-Headed Giant (2v2 MP) or Archenemy(3v1 uber deck)!  Draft mode is chill but I dig team battles way more.  Go play real life MTG or Hearthstone."
76561198035870825,Not Recommended,255420,11321928,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,BolognaHooker,"It's amazing, how many technical issues there are with Magic DOTPW games.  Add in premium cards that have to be purchased now, no more codes. This game is not worth it."
76561197989666063,Not Recommended,255420,11313083,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,DarkfireSavior,"Let me start by saying I was really excited for this game. I've loved every Magic DotP game and have called them one of the best cost to content bargains available for years. That being said, I was fairly happy to shell out the $35 for the complete edition of this game. This leads me to one of my bigger $35 dollar mistakes in recent memory.This game fails to deliver on so many differnet facets, I get a headache pondering the rant that I want to fill this page with.To attempt brevity: In the pursuit of making the game more aesthetically pleasing and the touted 'build your own deck' function, they have miserably failed at delivering the experience given in the other DotP titles.When I start inspecting the ""card collection"" available in this game (which I payed a premium cost that would have reflected 2 expansions for games earlier in the series) the true migrane sets in...I really have more to say, but writing this out is kind of ruining my evening. So, please, take it from me AVOID THIS TITLE.Thanks."
,Not Recommended,255420,11355023,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zippo,"Relatively new player to MtG here. I've played and enjoyed DotP2014 very much so I decided to pick this one up as well. And my thoughts so far? A very apparent downgrade to the previous version. Like the other reviewers have said: the menus are extremely slow and often buggy (more than likely you'll have to click twice or more before the damn thing responds), annoying fade to white screen when you win a duel, the AI for mana tapping is extremely dumb (it prioritizes same color mana instead of looking at what you have in hand and then making the optimal selection), you can NOT view the contents of the starter decks beforehand, you are stuck with your starter deck with no option to change starter decks, pay2win premium booster packs that unlocks fairly good cards, playing campaign battles do not grant booster packs when you win, no extra play modes (challenges & two headed giant). The upside with this 2015 version is that you can now build your own deck and the UI is slightly better.6/10 I don't feel like I've wasted $10 but am still very disappointed."
76561198065064132,Not Recommended,255420,11276248,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ready2,"Beware before buying: slow, slow, sloooooooooooooow.- Starts out with a terrible deck and defeating the AI is painfuly slow. (Yeah it cheats)- Getting new cards is painfuly slow.- Gameplay is slow as ever but to boot now even the menu is horribly slow. You have to watch that sliding animation every time you switch a menu. Slower to restart a duel too because of this and you will want to restart a lot vs the AI unless you like wasting 20-25 minutes because you drew a bad hand.- Choosing your initial deck is nothing but a guess. I chose a green one, was a bad idea.So basically if you own previous titles and try out this one, you will be annoyed. If you haven't tried any installments then you can get this one although I think previous years were better.Ps. No Two headed giant."
76561198034932503,Not Recommended,255420,11276747,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Devilreaper,I an disappointed that we were given freedom to create our own decks but the removal of two headed giant (the main reason i buy the game to play it with friends) has been taken away. This has removed alot of the enjoyment of the game for me and would advise anyone looking to play with friends to buy previous editions if you are looking for a co-op play enviroment.
,Not Recommended,255420,12318338,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,jarcionek,"Advantages:- you can finally build your own deck, freely without any limitations (other than cards available in game)Disadvantages:- slow and unresponsive menu - you have to click the same button multiple times or wait 5 seconds for stupid animation to finish- interface bugs - sometimes when asked to make a choice you are unable to do this (e.g. you are asked to choose a card from graveyard but you cannot look into the graveyard) - the only solution is to concede a duel- game play bugs such as AI taping one swamp to pay ""one black mana + X any mana"" with X = 1- AI is taking a lot of time to make the choice (as in the previous editions)- the game gets boring after you unlock all the cards by playing campaign- only standard games - no archenemy, no planechase, no two headed giant- no challenge puzzles- some cards cannot be unlocked in the campaign, but have to be bought via micro transactions- a lot of cards implemented in the game are not available to the player, but are used by AIOverall the game is very disappointing and unless you are huge MTG fan you shouldn't waste your money on it. It's based on the same engine as previous editions, so the only work they have actually done was adding a deck building tool and implemented new cards."
76561198103487651,Not Recommended,255420,11278030,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CMDR Shven,"No Two Headed Giants. Only one deck blindly unlocked from the beginning of the game. Custom matches against the CPU no longer award cards for decks. New Pay-to-Win booster purchasing model for both single and multiplayer.In terms of actual gameplay mechanics, it's basically the same as its predecessors. Nothing much to comment on there. But If you don't support this disgusting new emerging P2W model that seems to be creeping into every facet of gaming these days, vote with your wallet: Don't buy this game. Go buy/play DoTP 2014 instead. Unfortunately I preordered this one, so I don't have the option of denying them my money. At least not this time. Guess who won't be preordering M16.Shame on you Magic. Pathetic cash grab.EDIT: Also, you appear to be arbitrarily limited to fewer than 4 copies of certain cards in your digital collection. I have no idea whether this is intended as a balancing move or to further entice players into purchasing premium boosters, but either way that is not how Magic works and it is stupid."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277674,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Shabutaro,"HUGE step down from 2014.You are forced to play a Tutorial AND the first Campaign level to unlock every feature like the filter option in the Deck Edit menu or your pre-order / complete edition purchases. (Though this is the least bad thing)It uses a UI straight ported from the iPad version, with animations on each click taking ages to finish (~2-4 seconds to arrive at the next screen).It is horribly programmed. GTX 580 + i5 2500k and i barely get an average FPS of 40. If cards are played i drop as low as ~20  FPS.They dropped every mode besides basic 1v1.Though you get most cards from playing, there are special ""Premium Cards"" you have to buy with real money. To get all Premium Cards you need 14 Premium Boosters valued at ~1.79€ each. Those Premium Cards naturally are pretty good cards.Those are the main problems i have with this game. Until something changes i doNOTrecommend anyone, even fans of the series, to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11278310,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,WHOELPOUNDER,"This is easily my biggest dissapointment of 2015. So bad in fact, I felt time to write about it. I looked forward to this game all year. I have been playing hearthstone for the last month counting down the days until 2015 launch, I even had my girlfriend signed on to play, since we could do 2headed giant together. Not sure if I will keep playing 2015 at all.Cons:No 2HG or ANY kind of way to play with friends. (I cant believe they did this.)No ranked vs casual playNo split mode with customdecks only and theme decks onlyObvious pay2win implicationsNo challenge scenarios (lol what? why)Pros:Now you can build a deck from scratch, and they did a good job giving you more info (stats etc), but this only translates to people who buy the most boosters being on top.Overall, huge dissapointment. Im not sure why they decided to take away almost half of the features, its not like this is exactly a complicated game. If I wanted to play MtG online, I would."
,Not Recommended,255420,11275129,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,x^ch4ntal,"The UI is steps backward the previous version, laggy and uselessly full of animationsThis is now a pay to win since there are cards obtainable only buying the premium packs, you don't even unlock cards doing the custom duels anymore.This is definetly a porting from iOS.you can't change your deck after choosing the color combination and the auto-created decks.... just sucks.keyboard and joypad totally non optimized, it's clearly ONLY for touchscreens"
76561198087209578,Not Recommended,255420,11276333,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Dinomime,"They start you off by having you pick a deck that you have no way of previewing but that's irrelevant because it will almost certainly be unplayable until you buy boosters. Menus are very clunky and navagating them is awkward. I may be alone on this one but when I preordered the special edition with all the card collections I thought I was going to be getting entire blocks of cards, not 50ish random cards from blocks with 250ish in them, again, that may just be me but they didn't specify what ""collection"" meant and it was very deflating to find out I payed for around 50 cards from each block listed and most of the cards are useless. I dont have xp but I do think making a card game that doesn't support it is absurd, don't waste your time here."
76561198004577655,Not Recommended,255420,11354393,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Stygian Druid,"I've loved previous iterations of games in this series, but the inclusion of cards that can only be obtained via micro-transactions disgusts me.  The loss of alternate game modes, such as Two-Headed Giant or Archenemy, from previous versions is a serious degradation in the quality of the series.  The game is visually pleasing but the limited content means that I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,16387230,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tris,"This game is a ""meh"" not too bad but definitley not a good one.It's great for beginners, such as me,  to learn how to play MtG but does have many major flaws.PROS:-Very good noob friendly enviroment in the tutorial-Nice Art & Easy to LearnCONS:-Will never appeal to a more veteran magic player.-Has no reset button-Doesn't tell you which colour each of the decks are when choosing your secondary (I'm left with Black, my last choice)-Can't re-choose deck and with no reset that means you're stuck with it.-Deck Building is not noob friendlyConclusion:This game is not worth your time unless you want to learn the game. In that case you should get the game while it's on sale or just learn how to play from some other source such as a friend, the internet or a different Magic game.I hope this helped you decide if you want to pick up the game or not! ;3"
76561198050942628,Not Recommended,255420,11276031,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Branden,"I love Magic and they have done nothing but improve each game but this one is nothing short of a disappointment. First Your limited to one deck unless your purchase new one's but still only get one deck just unlock more card's. The sub menu's take forever to load into and forever to leave. The AI is unbalanced even mage was a task to complete just the first boss ""aka Quest 6"" and In game your charged 2 USD per booster i can handle that but no after steam take's there cut all price's are Doubled. Please fix your game i love the magic series but this is garbage"
76561197993204255,Not Recommended,255420,11277449,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mid Boss,A lot of disapointment in one game... They've taken all the worst parts of magic and want to nickel and dime you to play them. Booster packs...Removal of 2HG...Removal of the balance that came with everybody being on the same page as far as decks go...So buy it...then pay to win...sounds like crap :\Had bought copies for my friends so we could play the 2 headed giant online...kind of want my money back x4.
,Not Recommended,255420,11275641,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SirReco,"I played this game for a couple of hours and I am really disappointed so far, after having been playing all previous versions a lot.The interface sucks, I guess it was built with tablets or consoles in mind, no one with a mouse would ever want something stupid like that.No prebuild decks and a proper campaign.And no 2 headed giant mode.Avoid this game if you want coop game play and if you like prebuild decks.But if you like insane microtransactions, go for it, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277545,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lyca,Fatal ErrorUnknown Error*Kill Bill Music*
,Not Recommended,255420,11275839,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,LeaderofDoom,There's no 2HG.
,Not Recommended,255420,11277765,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Dradoh,"dotp has become duels of the pay2win.  unlike past years where everyone was on a even field, this year u can buy prem cards(random packs of 10) and dlc witch make your card pool stronger then others who dont p2win"
76561197975570966,Not Recommended,255420,11275514,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SuhDude,"Can i please have my money back? I was super excited about this game, since i played pretty much every prequel of this but after just 40 minutes into the game - and i was being super objective already, considering this is all about the card game and not a shiny and futuristic menu or w/e - i am completely disappointed.Here some things that i recognized after 30 seconds into the game:1. Addon cards are totally overpriced, the previous games already needed quite a big investment to unlock everything but this game sets new standards.2. You start with some random♥♥♥♥♥deck that makes it almost unbearable to beat the first AI opponent enemy.3. You need to pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of money to unlock cards for real PvPOverall i do not even need to play this game at all, it so far, has been a complete letdown compared to the prequels.Seems like the devs are trying to milk the cow until it's dry like the ♥♥♥♥ing sahara.I normally do not even write reviews but i am just tremendously frustrated right now.Please refund my 10€. Thx, bye."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277610,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wrraaabbit,DO NOT BUY - NO 2 HEADED GIANT MODE!!!!!
76561198005966682,Not Recommended,255420,11277932,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MonsterMunchSock,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC not downloading even though I bought the complete bundle. Not happy with this atall
76561198049765382,Not Recommended,255420,11357675,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jack of all fools,"I just have to say: If I was going to recommend this game, it would be a hell of a challenge at the moment!Much like the other Duels of the planeswalkers games, I can find ways to get fun out of it. But this one makes it quite a bitmore difficult then the others I have played!Now to what I like and dislike about this.The Decks!Positive: You can build your own decks: This has its enjoyable moments and it feels good to ""Build"" your own deck as-well ashaving freedom to do what you want and use or add what-ever colour you feel like! so long as you have the right cards of course. It was also good for them to do Tutorials before jumping you right into the decks and give you a chance to understand what the colours do!Negative: The starting deck experience I thought was fine at first. But you eventually realise that the starting deck you get is just garbage and can't really compete against half the decks reliably. It doesn't help that the cards you get almost feel like they are intentionally designed to not help your deck (I'll get to that later)Negative 2: Be careful what Starting colour you pick, because you cannot change once you accept it! You can build others yes, but good luck with that!______Boosters!Positive: I really like that they have done it much like MTG in real life (Bunch of commons, 3 uncommons and a rare or mythic rare!) the mystery of the boosters is always something I am a fan of. It is also nice that you get a booster everytime you finish a campaign mission (Not sure about Multiplayer; haven't touched it yet)Negative: As much as I like the mystery of the cards, I swear it is Designed to NOT pick cards for your starting deck! the amount of cards from boosters I have gotten that have been every colour BUT Blue white (Which is the starting deck I chose) Is a bit silly now! Thisdoes makes me guess they done it for the next Negative...Negative2: PAYWALL, GUYS! PAYWALL! This I was originally worried about because we already pay money for the bloody game, and it feels like you're forced to pay more, Which is just bad design! I did by two just to see a difference. Thankfully I just got draws I couldn't use, because that is exactly what I needed (Insert Sarcasm here!)_____VisualsPositive: The menus and the game over-all game looks nicer and more modernised! It is good to look at and easy to find most things.Positive: When actually playing the game, everything not only looks better and is easier to see but they made it more interactive. It was a cool Idea that the Environment actually shifts tone and the battlefield gets modified as-well as some other minor things which is just neat to look at!Negative: As much as I like the look of the menus... They couldn't make it more annoying to work with! In a nutshell, you can only look at one thing at a time (Single player, multiplayer, decks, shops ect..) and when things are locked off, it doesn't allow you to look at them AT ALL! It is especially annoying in the Deck area, where you can see these different decks, but cannot get a clue of WHAT THEY ARE!Negative 2: This isn't really a visual thing, but it kinda does fit in. TRANSITIONS! And boy do they like making you look at fading white fog with a white background... Slowly! If they didn't take so bloody long, they would actually be pretty cool and would fit well with the theming of 2015. But no, they had to be unusually slow and annoying to watch! You even have to stare at the start menu! ""Yes, they must look at our glorious 'Enter game' button"" A Genius developer said (Insert Sarcasm here)-----Finally, Gameplay(NOTE: I haven't done multiplayer yet, only single player, so I wont judge the game there)Positive: Because of the ability to properly make your own deck, the game has that extra level of enjoyment. It is that feeling when in real life, you made your first deck away from a starter deck and won against one of your friends (Which is a fun♥♥♥♥♥feeling!)Positive: I don't know if I am frequently lucky or not. but it feels like the drawing system is more designed so you actually get cards you can use so you can actually play the game! I do know from the previous DotP games that you can quite oftenly just draw abysmally and you'd be better off leave or restart half the games you play.Negative (This is campaign exclusive) : I have grown to really hate the campaign in this one! It isn't like the others where they add some stupid mechanic that you have to get a good draw to beat it.. That still exists, but from the ones I've seen, they are at-least acceptable and only slightly annoying. What is annoying that relates to that is the AI drawing the same cards, or always having the same cards. This would be fine if the deck you were given and the boosters weren't so bad that you likely can't do a thing about what they do. I'm almost content to not play the singleplayer at all because of it!-----CONCLUSION!I can say for a time you will get enjoyment out of this game much like the others. How long that lasts, will likely depend on how full your wallet is... or your Patience to tolerate some of the issues this game has.It does sadden me a little, because I was looking forward to the boosters, the deck building and just a freash change from the usual DotP Formula. It is just a classic case of ""Taking one step forward, but two steps back"" Which is really unfortunate.Thank you for reading my Rambling! Hopefully I did well for a first review on Steam!"
76561198038957680,Not Recommended,255420,11275039,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Motionist,I pre-ordered the game and have played for about an hour now... I am very unhappy so far with this game. I have purchased all of the other Duels games and so far this is the worst one to come out. The starting decks are completely terrible and there is no way to obtain the booster pack I supposedly recieved by preordering it. There is no phone number for steam and my attempts to contact the company have gotten me nowhere. Way to lose a paying customer!
76561198103828693,Not Recommended,255420,11276770,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Minimalism,"Barely played past the incredibly long unavoidable tutorial and already realized that every other negative review on here is right.  Stay away.  Deck building is a cool idea but pay to win defeats the purpose.  You can unlock cards on your own but the starting deck you get is so useless it took me multiple attempts to beat the first AI (Not to mention the AI cheats) on the easiest difficulty.  Go play solforge, much better. /endrant"
,Not Recommended,255420,11277504,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rippy,"UI designed for tablet users, ported over to PC. Removal of co-op functionality and overall reduced game modes. Implementation of sketchy potentially pay-2-win systems. Experienced several crashes, hangs, and general bugs.This is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess."
76561198005076299,Not Recommended,255420,11278240,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Buchera,"MtG without coop play is loose of money. No archmage, no two-headed-giant. Bad luck pre-order.New tag for 2015: no 2HG"
,Not Recommended,255420,11340189,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kusanku,"This is the worst game I've ever played.  Gated multiplayer. ♥♥♥♥♥♥start decks.  They've made this game worse and worse every year.  Even when you _do_ play the game, it's not obvious how♥♥♥♥♥♥works.  This company must have zero user testers."
76561197991788216,Not Recommended,255420,14308213,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Xzidia,"Welcome to MTG DotPw 2015.It's a pos compare to 2014 (which is the best, so far). As you get into the game you're pushed on some AD which only counts in the US or what not so why push this on us outside the US border... after that you're greeted with this garbage of a Menu UI. Some touch / console trash which makes you furious to navigate, when playing the ""game"" it still the same UI luckly.Now! what's new, beside the awful UI? Well, they added something we've been asking / hoping for, deck buidling. But, it turned out to be a dumb gimmick, given all you get is a small pool of mostly terrible cards. I'd rather go back to pre constructed decks which gets 40 unlocks or whatever than this.They removed two headed giant and there's no archenemy, why? It's like removing conquest from battlefield or TDM from call of duty.3/10"
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,255420,11276416,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,"Magic 2014  was a nice game. Bets part and a very nice selling point was te COOP one could play. You would assume in Magic 2015 it is there, too. But guess what nooo it is not. So i see no point in playing this game, cause it was the sole purpose for me to play with friends."
76561198040008483,Not Recommended,255420,11280147,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Valturion,"There is no two-headed giant mode like there was in magic 2014, aka no teams. Otherwise, the game feels solid and fun. Though, I regret buying it because the only reason I did was to play in teams with friends. Oh well."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277256,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,QuietTime,"While I have purchased and enjoyed every DotP game to date, this game reinforces that the magic franchise wants your money more than they want you to enjoy their product.I was exicted about the promise of this game, and even went so far as to pre-order, having overall enjoyed their previous games despite their faults. Won't make that mistake again.My biggest qualms thus far are the crawling rate to acquire cards that seems to imply they'll want you to buy many of them, the abundance of crappy animations and transitions that you can't disable, the strange requirement to unlock the game modes, and the removal of team play (previously seen in the form of Two Headed Giant). While previous magic incarnations have allowed you to unlock a deck after completion of each campaign leg, now you do not unlock enough cards to make a full new deck in a campaign leg. While I'm intrigued and excited by the new deck building format similar to the 2014 sealed, it's looking like you'll be paying a lot of money for boosters if you want any decent cards. I have no problem with grinding for them, but I hate pay to win games, especially when i've already payed for the base game. Again, there are unlocks, but it's taking me so long to get enough cards for a new deck that makes sense that I'll likely have to finish the full campaign before I can make more decks. I'm excited for deck building, but the starter materials are a little too scarce for my liking, especially since you can't change your starter deck if you find you hate it.I found it curious that even as an accomplished magic player I was forced to play through a really slow and annoying tutorial teaching me how to play. While some players have reported that there should be an option to skip, I'm not the only person who couldn't find it and instead had to waste half an hour on the tutorial before they could touch anything else. Also, you have to finish the first leg of the campaign before you can play multiplayer. Since the multiplayer is all I usually play for, this was frustrating, and it was a whole hour spent on this game before I realized the real deal breaker for me- the changes in multiplayer game modes.Regarding the ever present 2-headed giant complaint, I started playing magic online for the co-op. My boyfriend and I love the franchise because it gives us something we can do together even when we're far apart. Since the begining we loved the 2v2 mode that magic provided. While this evolution of the game still allows multiplayer, it doesn't allow for teamplay. For that reason we're probably going to stop playing 2015 within the week and go back to playing 2014. And we certainly won't be pre-ordering the next iteration if there is one, for fear that they'll continue removing features we liked.Also, in addition to removing 2HG, there is no longer local co-op.Regarding the UI and AI, they both are still pretty crappy and annoying. Broken cards, cheating AI, wasted space, and clunky, laggy menus are still the norm. Also, there are only 2 resolution options, which are the same in both full screen and windowed mode. Which means if you have a large screen you're really going to want to be playing windowed, and you don't get to choose how your window is sized. Also, they still have that derpy bug where the game tries to start full screen, and if your resolution isn't one of their favorites, it just sits there confused and refuses to load. At least we've encountered that one enough to have a work around... The game continues to be technically buggy, and despite hopes that it will be patched, there were never fixes for a number of bugs in 2014, so I'm not terribly hopeful. All in all Wizards of the Coast continues to disappoint, and I'm left wondering why I yet again let them have my money."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277494,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,This game is average. I doubt I'll ever go on it again.
,Not Recommended,255420,11280537,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Silvah,"I would not recommend this game at all. TL:DR -http://youtu.be/OGp9P6QvMjY+ All decks are fully customizable meaning you won't be very likely to meet someone in multiplayer with the same deck.- All decks are fully customizable meaning you have to either PAY (fast) to get cards or PLAY (slow) to get cards.- Getting cards while playing is completly random just like in the IRL version of the game. Forcing you to either play alot or simply buy alot.- The menues are HORRIBLE and SLOW compared to previous versions of the game (Magic 2014)- They have oriented the game alot more like the Pay 2 Win model.- There is NO TWO-HEADED GIANT Multiplayer mode! (SERIOUSLY WTF!?!?!)- The music is not interesting at all.DON'T BUY THIS GAME - NOT WORTH IT. Unless you have a huge wallet and don't care or just have tremendous amount of free time.Seriously wtf where they thinking? Waste of 9,99€. Going back to Magic 2014."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277266,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Valter,"A scam for 1 deck game. Not worth my money, much worce than 2012-14.After playing with it for a while the main downside of 2015 is - the lack of thought throu decks.In 2012-14 there were alot of them with quite different ideas, like Card draw Blue, Vampires, Affinity Blue or Red. Here it is just alot of common, uncommon borring cards with a few ravnica gates and theros mechanics.Hard to make a game fun for a casual player, yet very limited for intermediate+.A must skip!"
76561197968768811,Not Recommended,255420,11326553,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Wendingo,DLC madness. Play to win at its worst.
,Not Recommended,255420,11280244,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,LCG | Surenhohn,"cons:-DONT BUY!!! THERE IS NO 2HG!!! what is this? a joke? they took away the best mode of the past 3 magic editions, gj rly-very slow menu (wtf? they cant make a proper menu after 4 years?)-you start with one (very very weak, no fun at all) deck -> AI has relatively strong decks even on low difficulty-you have to play campaign before entering multiplayer-spending rl money for boosters gives advantage to other players (is this a f2p game?!)-very disappointedpros:-free deck editor"
76561198029130008,Not Recommended,255420,11311975,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lellouch V Kekistan,"only 300 cards and even if you pay for the full game cards are still held back from you?the hell were they thinking i get the premium card boosters even i mean companies are greedy i get it,but 300 cards? I CANT MAKE A MONO GREEN STOMP DECK COME ON!!!!In conclusion get magic 2014 you may not be able to build decks but u cant really build decks in this one only customise their combos and their decks because of card limits"
,Not Recommended,255420,18286093,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Darkking,"I would say Dont buy it.   Meanwhiles its FREE and Even that is too much.Slow and heavy every year its a worse game for the same few $$. Now irts just death by a million bee stings(online transactions)The menu's are awful and too cluttered. No way to reset a profile,lots of options gone,etcAs a fan of the series I have purchased every version for the past few years. This is painful for me to play.I have never played the physical card game, only the online versions. The only reason i come back is i hope the get better. They dont, and i cross my fingers and wait till next year."
,Not Recommended,255420,11275539,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Khabibly,"Fun game but gets boring after 1 game. Once you play on game it bores you to death, resulting in playing a different game. It is more pricy than the other games and costs a lot with all the dlcs and boosters. Mtg is better as a card game than a computer game or an app."
76561198037398839,Not Recommended,255420,11277943,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,hey b0ss,"As an avid Magic the Gathering player this game was truly disappointing.The starter decks are truly dire, they're worse than actual starter decks. Reminiscent of something along the lines of a sealed pre-release deck, no play sets, just random single cards put in. Except these starter decks seem to have little to no synergy.The deck building is entire garbage. ""Oh here, you have access to RtR, Innistrad, Theros, all these sets.... Except not actually because we only put 1/3rd of the set in the game. We totally ignored all the dual creatures from RtR, and if you think you're using a heroic deck from theros then think again because we ain't having none of that."" They advertise all these sets but only every use 30-40 cards from each set and a lot of the time ignore the key mechanic from the set.Also, after three iterations of this game there's still no way to cancel and cast if you pick up a card. As soon as you lift it from your hand thats it, you have to play it. The Mana usage in the game is also terrible. Sure theres an option that lets you toggle what mana the cast will use. But its off by default! Which is awful for new players.I feel very bad for people who are new to MtG and are experiencing this, because it's just awful."
,Not Recommended,255420,11281452,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,S3ptic,"TL;DR: If you like pay-2-win, this game is perfect for you. Otherwise I recommend you stay clear.Previous versions of Duels of the Planeswalkers (which I generally enjoyed quite a bit) had a multitude of different decks, a few already unlocked, and many unlockable by defeating the AI. You also could upgrade them by winning games. Enter Magic 2015, which was advertised to have full deck building. Boy was I excited! And boy was it a let down.For starters you get to blindly choose a starting deck based on a two-color-combination. And let me get this straight: the deck is terrible. Also: it's the only deck. Everything else you have to piece together from booster pack unlocks, which contain a hand full of cards.Now this wouldn't be too bad if the AI wouldn't be playing decks that were approxinately 100 times better than yours. Oh yes, you unlock new cards whenver you win (not only in your colors but in all five) to upgrade your deck, but playing feels like smashing your face into a brick wall that is the much better deck of the AI.But not all hope is lost! You can just buy new cards for 1,79€ a pack! Isn't that great?! Yeah no, not for me. The intent is crystal clear: Give the player a crappy deck, give the AI good decks and create the incentive to spend real money to stand a chance.All in all the game is already uninstalled and left an extremely sour taste in my mouth. Until now, Duels of the Planeswalkers was an instant-buy for me, including additional decks and all. But I don't think I will be falling for this money-grabbing-scheme again."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277255,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Carly Bae Jepsen,tutorial boss is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yo like i feel like a failure on an evolutionary basis when i can't beat the tutorial boss this isn't ♥♥♥♥ing dark souls yo i came to have a good time and i'm honestly feeling so attacked right now the decks are comeplete and utter garbage this game is essentially pay to win #scam regretting the $9.99 i put into this
76561198091595932,Not Recommended,255420,11274872,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Smorg,"So far I have played through the tutorial and finished that set.  The interface is different than 2014, though I wouldn't say any better or worse.  I am just more used to Duels2014 at this point.However, the biggest drawback of this game, is that there is no setting to adjust the graphic settings.  I don't have the best PC laptop. I am a student.  But the lag I am experiencing is absurd.During a duel, there is smoke swirling around the table. All of the menus are scroll sections instead of just a menu.  I am perfectly content to click the option I want, and not have to scroll through to find what I want.  This is another thing that bogs down my computer, and almost overheated it twice.  (Nothing but steam and the game running, fyi.)Until I have the ability to reduce the graphics, I will not be reccommending the game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11278025,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,triffid_,"Poor continuation of DotP. Interface is rubbish and major time waster.Game play lacks, and the combat step table separator element/animation is a horrid.Totally confusing layout of every setting, digging to find things that should be straight forward.Back and forth between scrolling menus, will make you sick.No two headed giant that I could find either.Boosters need to be purchased using steam wallet, no paypal option.Overall a really disappointing addition to DotP"
76561198144933521,Not Recommended,255420,11278556,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,AdamSooner,There is.............................No............................Reason............................................A card game..........................Should......................Run..............................................Like...............................A tranquilized water buffalo.........................................
76561198124228521,Not Recommended,255420,11277209,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Metaempiricist,Well what can I say? I will begin with the fact that every year these games lack more and more content than the alst year and this year is no exception. They have stripped multiplayer to no game modes at all but 1v1-1v4 the 2 headed giant mode IS NOT IN THIS GAME...on top of this they have 50 of the 300 cards behind a paywall that you CANNOT earn in gameplay. How they can expect people to spend any money post purchase on this pile of steaming trash is beyond me.0 out of 10 DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS A TRAP!
76561198029598386,Not Recommended,255420,11277700,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,mrkaytm,"Well after playing 2 hours, i have to admit that it was a total waste of money. I bought the complete bundle. The decks are just crap and the available cards to build your own decks are not really good and there is no card synergy at all.There are good things. All the gaphics and overlay are well done. The waiting time for the computer to play dropped compared to Magic 2014. However, I recommend not buying the 2015 version. Of course you can't compare it to the card game, but for experienced plainswalkers this game is useless."
76561198038098701,Not Recommended,255420,11282322,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Kaboomer,"I have over 75 hours played in M14, most of them in 2HG with a friend. Why they would even consider removing this mode is beyond me. I'll probably just stick with M14, because 2015 pretty much screwed us over. It's turning into a pay-to-win format, where you have to buy a booster pack to even get a decently powered deck. You only get one deck at the beginning of the game, and it's not even that good.Also, the game doesn't match my laptop's screen resolution. It works on my desktop, but that's it.If you were planning on buying this, don't bother. Unless they do some serious revamping of the game, it's not worth buying. Stick to 2014 if you have it."
,Not Recommended,255420,11296839,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Thad,All this game is about is spending money. Just for the heck of it I bought the Theros  card collection and now I can't get the cards that I payed for. Everytime I go to the card collection it say I didn't buy it but my steam money says different. Another thing about this game once you pick your color when you first start playing you can't change it. I would like the game more if you could change your color and I could get the things I payed for.
,Not Recommended,255420,11277390,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hive Lord Fluttershy,"Wow.2014 wasn't great, fun but the enemies were INCREDIBLY predictable. This, this is horrible.This is the most overt cash grab I have ever seen, to such a point that it feels like it should be F2P, but with a $10 price tag.This, for me, summarizes it perfectly: This is based around choosing a relatively weak deck and making it good, but you can't heavily modify/create a new deck, until you complete the first chapter.My only hope is that either the next in this series is good, or is not made, because this is just insulting."
76561198009105454,Not Recommended,255420,11277544,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Here come the Gunz,"The game is a sham, which is a terrible shame as I really enjoyed the previous magic games.Problems with the game:P2W big big time you can get the cards by grinding them out but the AI is harder that I remember it being in previous games so it is an effort to beat and if you don't have that time and don't want to pay more money to quickly get the cards you will be bent over and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in multiplayer.Design and general organisation does not seem to be as good as previous games.You have to do the tutorial....I was kind of prepared to P2W but I had to grind an entire 'level' before I could play multiplayer and that was the final nail in the coffin.All I can say is that, I am very happy that I did not buy the premium edition before it had come out."
76561198046868474,Not Recommended,255420,11276456,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,devo342,Dont buy it
76561198135259389,Not Recommended,255420,11276658,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,llniconll,keeps crashing
76561197990768776,Not Recommended,255420,11275029,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,h3X3n,Pure BS... It says you can buy every card collection for 10$ on the game store but as soon as you click on it it redirects you on the Steam page and you have to buy them individually for 5$ each for a grand total of 25$ instead of 2$ each or 10$ for the bunch as advertised in game. You also have to go through the painful tutorial and first campaign chapter in order to play multiplayer. ♥♥♥♥ing embarassing... I hope they fix those prices...
,Not Recommended,255420,11277099,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Zodiac Griller,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that's not worth the ten bucks you have to drop for a trash beginner deck. 0/10 would not recomend.
76561197969229169,Not Recommended,255420,11277250,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DemonAgi,"Wow, this game is pretty bad... there's only around 300 cards for you to unlock total so it doesn't leave much to the deck building part that they are so proud of. This is just sad."
76561198006615255,Not Recommended,255420,11281272,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Fidasaind,"The things I've seen are:Removal of popular game modes over the years. The biggest seems to be the lack of 2HG.Microtransactions. This series has always had them but there is a lot more ""day 1 DLC"" than in the past. Personally I wish that Wizards would just realize that the UI for MTGO is unacceptable and update it to look as good as Duels but with a bit more functionality.Only 1 starter deck is unlocked. The rest of the cards have to be unlocked via exploration boosters, premium booster purchases, and the optional collection purchase (the collection cards can be unlocked via the $5 each, $20 total or grinding out exploration for each collection). That can be a problem if you pick a deck that has weak matchups. After beating the last tutorial mission, you are locked into your 2 color starter deck.It is a yearly release that makes players start over every year. Series like Call of Duty get plenty of flak for being a yearly, iterative release. CCGs can, to some players, feel worse. Players are used to being able to use their collection of older cards for CCGs... maybe in just a different rules format. In Duels, your collection starts over every year. Some people like the change in deck metagame. Some people are annoyed at the amount of DLC that comes out and becomes worthless at the next release.Personally... I get the base game every year. During a Steam seasonal sale I usually buy the expansions or new deck DLCs that come out when they are at least 50% off. I get 20-50 hours of gameplay over the course of the year and spend <$30. So I do not feel cheated. I do think that Wizards is squandering a chance to expand their game to being far larger in the digital world by releasing Duels and leaving MTGO in the state that it is in. And that is even worse with them suing CZE over Hex which may not have ever existed if MTGO was even halfway decent. But I find it to be a fair model most years. My biggest complaint usually is the fact that purchases are not cross platform. Why can a small studio like Stoneblade manage to make SolForge cross platform on one account for IOS, Android, and PC and yet Hasbro cannot hire someone to let me play with my same collection on my tablet?This year though? $10 for base game. $20 to unlock the base cards. And I think I heard there were 15 premium boosters needed to unlock all premium cards. That means that if you preordered and want the full collection but do not want to grind, you are looking at $48 on day 1. About 10-20 higher than previous years. Between that and the loss of game modes I can understand some of the frustration.﻿My recommendation is wait and see. I feel that the $10 is fair for the game (even though I wish we could unlock the other starter decks like we could in the past). More freedom in deck construction is always nice. But the extra day 1 purchases and loss of popular game modes will annoy many players. So wait and see how this game handles future content. Will there be more premium cards requiring more $2 boosters during the upcoming expansions? Will the new deck lists be unlocked or require either more grinding or more ""collection packs"" in addition to buying the extra deck lists, campaign, etc? Will Wizards add back in some popular features from previous years? If you are a fan of MTG but no longer player paper and hate MTGO the base game is not an awful deal. But this may be the year to give it a few weeks/months before jumping in unless you really want to play with the new cards and deck building."
,Not Recommended,255420,29526677,Posted: 27 January,all,TheSLAP,"Far and away the worst iteration of the DotP series. In this version, you ""build"" your own deck and gradually make it stronger or make new decks along the way. The problem is that virtually all the campaign content can be cleared with a single somewhat optimized deck. I changed up my deck once and created one new deck my entire time playing the campaign. In previous versions, half of the fun was trying the pre-made decks and gradually increasing its strength as you unlocked more cards. The other half of the fun was changing up your deck to take advantage of its strengths compared to the enemy encounter.Additionally, this version is missing a lot of content. There are no challenges and there is no two-headed giant or revenge modes. I would estimate that this game has less than half the content of the previous versions. The ""expansion"", Garruk's Revenge, is a complete joke. It took me less than an hour to complete all of it and the rewards are little to none.Lastly, menu screens are completely unintuitive. Perhaps if it wasn't so damn annoying to build a deck (let alone swap your deck), I would have done it more often.2/5 Stars. Very disappointed with this game even after getting it on sale for like $3."
76561198044138835,Not Recommended,255420,11277087,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Diony,I swear every year they switch the keep hand and draw new hand buttons. So I click the wrong one every time. Not fun
,Not Recommended,255420,21112797,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Yakura,"This review is most if you're a single player type gamer such as myself.I have purchased all Magic games for Steam, and always loved it. I know there have been complaints, but I loved the single player campaign and such - just a nice way to pass time and destress. I have bought all and was planning to buy the game every year - but because of this one, I won't. I refuse to give them my money now. I'll explain why.The core is the same. It's not a AAA game, the animation is so-so, but it's Magic, we all know it and love it. The cards and decks are great.However - NOT when you have to GRIND for your deck. That's right. Forget the previous games, with this one you have to either buy or grind boosters until you collected enough for a pre-made deck. Insane. It makes the campaign and multiplayer rather boring - because you can't switch decks as easy and change tactics were as appropriate.It's an insanely greedy, unneccesary step, only to bring in more money because the grinding is painstakingly boring.There are more complaints such as mediocre storyline, The menu is horrific. Looks pretty, but the usability is horrible, there's just no oversight.The worst complaint I have is for the expansion where you play as Garruk. Pretty cool - only for the fact if you follow the single player story line you can NOT change decks. You play only with Garruk's deck. And guess what - they made your opponents in a way they COUNTER your deck.And you cannot change! This is a classic example of extremely poor gamedesign. It has become a game of luck. You have to get JUST the right cards and hope your opponent (AI) doesn't get theirs in order to win. F*ck being clever or involving strategy, them not allowing you to pick your own deck was the worst they could do. In the expansion it's all luck and no skill - which is extremely poor as game mechanic, but even more so in a strategic game as Magic the Gathering.It's sad. I really had fun for a while with the other parts. Them going for the option to cash in doesn't sit right with me as life long fan. I don't want ingame transactions to make it more fun with Magic. I paid for the game - let me enjoy all of it damn it.Just play the old games - and ignore this one and future games. I wish I had listened."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276057,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Deekor,Feels pay to win already. The UI is obviously just ported over from the ipad and is enragingly annyoing.
76561197965478149,Not Recommended,255420,19095867,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bech |UKCS|,"I got it on sale, and I've have several hours of fun playing. However, it seems the store is permanently shut down, so certain features are unavailable, which is rather anoying, and I'm unable to find a solution. Online gameplay is dead, with only 1 or 2 games at certain times. If you are satisfied playing the campaign, and only getting a moderate amount of cards then you should buy it, otherwise no"
76561197987684961,Not Recommended,255420,11278734,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GIJoe.svo,"Would not recommend over mtg 2014-Interface is bad/worse, seems designed for tablet-you can not unlock cards playing AI games other than campaign-game modes limited to free 4 all - 2,3,4 player-foil booster packs contain cards that can not be earned in game, I have no issue with DLC's adding content, these are noramlly whole decks, these a just booster packs-starting decks are terribleI have all the other duels games and they all seemed more fleshed out cotent wise from the start with game modes/starting decks/options"
76561198071948712,Not Recommended,255420,11279184,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sufferwell07,"Magic 2015 is total BS. I bought the comlete bundle with all of the card collections, a collection you don't have access to unless you beat campaign levels.  They start you off with the worst possible deck choices (to force you to buy booster packs), the AI somehow has mulitple copies of cards in hand that doesn't seem to be luck of the draw in almost every single match. You get to build your own decks now which is awesome, but here's the catch, you need to buy booster packs for $1.99 each for your collection to improve your deck, essentially Magic 2015 is a pay to win game now. Do not buy unless you have stacks of money laying around. Money wasted, very disappionted, and will definitely not be buying future installments of this pay to win game. Boo!!"
76561198042498473,Not Recommended,255420,11281042,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,adamjacksonriley,"Terrible menus, AI is terrible, no point even playing if you bought the premium pack. I have never written a review for a game before seeing as I usually could care less but this the worst cash grab since Plants Vs Zombies 2. Shame on you Hasbro."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277281,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CallMeCappy,"This game feels very clunky and very slow compared to past Magic games. The AI feels as if, even on the lowest setting, is very difficult. The game would probably set new comers to the game off because of the difficulty and the power that the starter decks actually have."
76561198058443505,Not Recommended,255420,12528194,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Xephyr,the only thing i disliked about this game is i wasted 10 bucks for it to not work. it loads the first loading screen then cuts out back to your desktop. I've tried everything to fix it by going to into the steam folder and changing the config settings and trying to chainge it to window mode and backing up the files.alot of other people are also having this issue. I don't know what else i can do to fix this issue.
76561197963661590,Not Recommended,255420,11278536,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DocHoliday,Building your own decks is realy nice BUT no two headed giant which i played most in the old games with friends makes this kind of the worst DotP game. Even worse than M2014!
76561198137748292,Not Recommended,255420,12507016,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,BallOfMud,Where is the 2 Headed Giant?
,Not Recommended,255420,11280556,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Icekuma,wow such magic no 2hg many hates
,Not Recommended,255420,12578657,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,the colour orange,"no 2hg and terrible gui navigation, very limited amount of cards, not worth playing even if it was free"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282561,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[KuK] the herb pantagruelion,"This is a laughably bad release. The UI is beyond ♥♥♥♥ed, everything is designed with ♥♥♥♥ing IPADS in mind over gaming PCs (imagine consolitis of the UI but worse), the game is a HIDDEN pay2win with PAY-ONLY (not unlockable through play) cards that are hella strong available only through the in-game DLC store, not showing up in the steam store. Wide berth"
,Not Recommended,255420,11278801,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mon Eek,"Buyer beware, WRONG prices on the Steam store for the card collection packs. Buying all the collections will set you back £19.95 when ingame it says £13.99. Not only that but they're trying to charge more for card packs on the PC than they are on ipad! What are you doing, Wizard?!In addition for some inexplicable reason they have limited the number of the same uncommon you can have to three and the number of the same rares and legendaries down to one. This has a huge negative impact on the way you make decks... Oh, and also, the actual selection of cards you get for this game is utter rubbish. Worse than last year, even though you can build your own decks this time.Not only that but the interface is appalling. Just... appaling. You only have to look at the second to last screenshot on the store page to see. Every menu is like that. You have to scroll through stupid, hard to use menus just to find things. I really don't know what Wizard was thinking with this one."
,Not Recommended,255420,11278014,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Red,"Do NOT BuyThe pay to win is very strong with this one, hell im fine with pay2win but they tryed (and failed) to be hearthstoneFiar warining, you can buy a pack of cards in game for $1.99 us (dont ask for other countrys i am not doing all that resaerch), no discount for buying in bulk, or you can buy all the cards in the game (i think) for $20.Bad game is bad, play hearthstone its at least freeish."
76561197971756934,Not Recommended,255420,11278883,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,croasdell,"This is disappointing, you can only choose one starter deck to play and if you are not happy with it, I can't find an option to select another during the tutorial stage. I choose a Red/Black deck and can't seem to deselect it now. The menus are clunky and feel rushed. Perhaps I'm being a bit too negative but from my first initial impression its a thumbs down."
76561198078132151,Not Recommended,255420,11278652,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Downer,"Bought this game on preorder over a week ago. Released today; uninstalled today.UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is laggy, deck building my♥♥♥♥♥ I want sealed back. Thanks."
,Not Recommended,255420,11281292,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Duntix,Only able to get one deck starting out and have to get boosters for the rest. That would be fine if the computer was ball bashingly unfair when against it. Even going down to mage and bashing my head against the AI for an hour I still haven't beat the tutorial and I've beat every DoTP before it on archmage. You have to get a perfect hand and draw to beat it on EASY.  Seems that 50% of the time the tutorial gets to kill you by turn 4 and the other 50% by turn 7. At least you build your own decks now : /
76561198059968141,Not Recommended,255420,11275055,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,dAV,♥♥♥♥
76561198071742137,Not Recommended,255420,12434177,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kulmis,"- Awful port- Crashes 1-2 times per hour,- Bad cardbase- Premium cards are better than orginal, P2W- Shallow singleplayer, no challenges, last single player boss winning based on luckDon't buy this not even new player can enjoy this pile of trash."
,Not Recommended,255420,11281290,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Pappikins,most poorly made game ever.
76561198009740941,Not Recommended,255420,11281975,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Science Cow,"The concept of having more open decking building is a fatastic idea and was something missing in all previous version.However they have asked a heavy price...-The game and unlocking of cards and decks it done at a much more tedious pace. Instead of unlocking each deck and playing them to unlock additional cards you must earn boosters and random chances. They've brought a profit mindset forward to mimic the the physical version and the likes of Hearthstone.-And mentioning Hearthstone brings up the next issue. I assumed they would have two-headed giant like in all previous versions, but they have removed two-headed giant and made no attempt to make new playing formats. For anyone familiar with Magic this is a travesty given the number of game formats they developed over the years, from three headed, Emperor, and even their mis-balanced Arch-enemy from Magic:Planeswalker a few versions back. Co-op was and is possible in Magic, but they have ignored it. My only guess is the programing got too hard and they wanted to just do simple AI programing.-The small issue is the extensive graphics they've addded to the game. The board shifts and moves each time you go into your attack phase. They've added fluff that wastes time and burns polygons.So I can't recommend this game since I know I might play the singleplayer campaign once through and then shelf it for the lack of dynamic multiplayer. I supposes many feel that the only good multiplayer is PvP, but that's not what's going to keep me playing this game."
76561197997082784,Not Recommended,255420,21011617,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,❀✾❁Pyrus❁✾❀,"The black sheep of all The magics released.terrible interface since it was designed for IPAD( deck selection requires too much scrolling, in lobby players have to exit to select new dekcs, really bad use of space use in battles everything becoms overcrowded.immense grind.No finished decks for casuals.Severeal mods removed for no reason.Made players buy cards that could only be unlocked through purchase then later unlocked them for free for other people to balance it out, resulting in people using money for no reason.only good thing is deckbuilding, can't recommend, wizard coast ♥♥♥♥ed up on this one badly."
76561198039020533,Not Recommended,255420,11278144,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Havenlock,Being forced to go through a tutorial and only having access to one deck makes for a boring and grindy start. A great disappointment compared to the previous games.
76561198050613992,Not Recommended,255420,33966290,Posted: 2 August,all,Jesse Lalonde,"Why buy Magic 2015 when 2014 exists and is better in almost every way?1. If you're bored of 2014, and want to try playing with new cards.-> In that case may I recommend 2012/13 instead?2. If you want to have more flexibility with customizing decks than you could in previous versions.-> Yes, that's true, but it's not a quick process. You start with one deck, and unlock a booster pack each time you beat a deck in the story campaign. It's going to take a while before you start getting card combinations that work.In my opinion there is nothing about 2015 that is especially good.->The campaign is redumentary, and short.->The story is meh.->The music and sound effects are hit and miss, some are okay, some are annoying.->Everything in game feels slow and dragged out.->The menus are a bugger to navigate.->There are no game modes like Two-Headed Giant, Planeschase or Archenemy.->Graphically, it doesn't look any better than previous versions.So, yes, I will probably play it a little more now that I've paid for it and am stuck with it, but do I recommend it?"
,Recommended,255420,11281622,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Crafterod,"After seeing a lot of terrible information being passed around in the knee-jerked negative reviews I felt compelled to write this. Although this game is flawed and not as good as previous editions I think it's only fair to actually discuss the issues factually rather than react emotionally to some of the negatives.I have played every single Duels of the Planeswalkers since they first came out and (so far) I have actually enjoyed this one the most. However my aim with this review is to try and offer a different outlook on certain contentious aspects of the game because I don't beleive it is anywhere near as bad as people are making it out.Before I mention some of the issues in the game I'd like to give one piece of advice, when you start the game you are asked what colour you want your first deck to be and then once you answer this you are given another choice that will determine the content of your deck. For example I picked black and my second option was red and I got a rakdos deck based onsacrifice, zombies and some low curve red stuff. -THIS CHOICE IS INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT-You will be stuck using this deck for a while until you can unlock enough cards to make a deck of different colours or themes. This was a pretty terrible design choice as it won't let you change and it doesn't really stress the implications of your choice either. The game really suffers from a lack of information about how the deck building and card unlocking works and i would strongly recommend you read into how it works a bit before starting. (ALSO, you can skip the tutorial there's an option near the bottom left of the screen I saw some people complaining that you could not skip)Most people's biggest complaint about the previous versions of Dotp is that you have always lacked the ability to fully create your own decks; now you can. You can create a deck with any of the cards in your collection which can be obtained through playing the single player campaign. There are 6 sets based around different planes in the Magic multiverse and the cards that you unlock for them are also loosely based on the corresponding sets, apart from one. There is a ""Premium"" set of cards that can -only- be obtained through buying virtual booster packs and this is where the main controversy lies. I'd like to supply some further information about these sets. Each set has a number of cards within them that you can unlock here are the totals for each plane or set.(Also note that you can obviously get multiples of the same card I have just looked purely at the individual cards)49 - Zendikar49 - Shandalar49 - Theros49 - Innistrad59 - Ravnica[43 - Premium cards]So that's 255 cards available without spending a single penny on micro transactions. 255 out of a total 298 cards in the game which is ~85%. Now you also have the option to fully unlock these sets through micro transactions but that is -entirely optional- as you can unlock them within the game. You do so by playing the story battles that put you against certain themed enemies in different scenarios and a win will award you with one booster pack that contains cards from the corresponding set. In addition to this there is an option named ""explore [set name]"" that will put you in a random battle against an opponent themed to match the set. (Think like playing an rpg with random encounters or Pokémon walking through grass). Winning these battles  will also award you with a booster pack and this seems to be the method you would use to ""farm"" the cards from set you can repeat this process -infinitely-. This does appear to be a bit on the grindy side but it is also giving you a reason to play the single player against the AI. Something else that was pointed out to me was how the AI decks get to use lots of cards that you don't have access to. This was definitely the case in the previous games but it's more of a glaring issue in dotp15 due to availability of a deck builder. It's pretty frustrating that some really interesting cards were coded into the game but for whatever reason you don't get to use them (you can't even ""pay to win"" for them).To address the premium set, I have not bought any of it and nor do I plan to but I took a quick look into the pricing and the way it works and found the following. The premium boosters are semi-randomized, you will never open a card that you already have the maximum playable number of. So there is a limit to how many premium boosters you would need to buy and that limit is 14, which is £16 in total. I have had a look through the cards included in the set and on the whole it doesn't appear to be any more or less powerful than the other cards in the game. However, it clearly gives you an advantage having access to these cards as you have more choice in your deck building and sometimes that can be an upper hand against an opponent online. To speak less objectively here I don't think duels has ever been a competitive game, it's great fun multiplayer with friends but there's no real ladder or reason to take it too seriously especially in 2014 where the online game was full of hackers. This brings us to another issue though, Dotp15 does not have any additional multiplayer modes like two headed giant, archenemy or planechase. It only has free for all supporting up to 4 players. This sucks hopefully they will release some other options later.The final aspect of the game I have seen people complaining about is the interface. The interfaces of the older dotp were just absolutely awful. 13 improved it a bit but not much,14 did a better job but still fell short of fixing the unclean feel that it had and people complained about it. In m15 they have obviously tried to take these complaints into accountand it looks great. It's sharp it's nicely animated it's clean and it's clear.However it functions... weirdly I don't know how else to put it. The menu's still feel clunky and the animations, although they look nice, feel like they might be lagging the navigation. It's an interface clearly designed to feel sexy on a touch screen and maybe it does but on the pc with mouse and keyboard it's a bit wonky -but it is not game breaking-. As for the actual gameplay and in-match interface I feel like it's smoother, more responsive and clear. The mechanics of the game work perfectly and the AI is pretty decent on the whole, I've seen it do a few weird things (cursed itself and shocked its own creature in response to my shock) but other than that no problems in this department.TL;DRTo summarize, I think that for £6.99 (or equivalent) you really can't complain too much at all. It's a game with flaws that vary to differing degrees but for its price I think it's great.If you want to mess around with some cool -casual- magic deck building in a limited environment against the AI or with friends I would strongly recommend to give it a shot. Unlocking the card sets is rewarding and fun and can be a great time sink. However, if you are looking (for some reason) to take this game super seriously and play at a high level in multiplayer I would not recommend it, you'd be better just playing something else like ""real"" magic or magic the gathering online (good luck)."
76561198147795744,Not Recommended,255420,12470609,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ampharos,"Unimpressed, very pay to win"
,Not Recommended,255420,11280969,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Asshat,This is a proper pile of poo. Play hearthstone instead it's cheaper and better
,Not Recommended,255420,11286997,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[SMA] Oxime,"You start with only one deck and I guess I chose the worst deck possible, Natural Order. I can't even beat the first thing in the campaign and theres no way for me to unlock other cards without buying them now. Would not recommend, just stick to 2013 or 2014."
,Not Recommended,255420,11285280,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Alice,"BUY MAGIC 2014 INSTEAD, IT'S BETTER IN ALMOST EVERYTHINGAlright, this game has REMOVED 2-headed giant, my favourite mode for the computer games.The starter decks are horrible, you don't unlock good decks at all like in 2014, you unlock individual cards, getting locked in your starter colors, it's really hard to get boosters to get a good collection (you get sets of good cards just by playing the deck in 2014, here you have to get lucky on the limited boosters, or spend money), you can't get good complete decks like you do in 2014, it's terrible.You can pay to unlock complete sets of cards, the fun part of the computer game was that it was free to unlock cards, unlike the real paper game, you could playtest some stuff for free and have fun, now you get locked in one terrible deck for the entire sinlge-player and even multiplayer if you don't spend money.Also, there are cards EXCLUSIVE to ""premium"" boosters, some of them really powerful, like Stoneforge Mystic and some others, this means people who paid 6 dollars for a booster can get cards you can't at all just by playing, this is terrible, BUY 2014 if you want to play good computer magic.AND THE MENUS SUCK AND ARE SLOW, HORRIBLE."
,Not Recommended,255420,11277879,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Repentias.,This game i had high expectations but that game was even worse than i thought i could beNO THG who came up with that?Horrible BugsBad starting decksYou have to buy more cards....So you have 2 things you can to to fix thatA: Patch THG in and give us some more free cards or a way to get themB: Let the game like this and loose alot of fans...
76561198008118769,Not Recommended,255420,11282173,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lance,"The only positive thing I can say about this game is that you are free to build your own deck.  Otherwise the game is a pretty huge step backwards.The User interface was made much flashier, apparently for sole purpose of it being flashier.  The end result was an awkward, generally annoying and horribly unresponsive interface.  The gameplay itself is pretty much the same as the other entries in the series, just with a worse UI and the complete absence of co-op modes like 2-headed giant.Finally, while Pay to Win has always been a big part of Magic: The Gathering games, one of the attractions of the duels of the planeswalker games was that they kept that to a minimum.  That is no longer the case, this game goes straight to for your wallet and doesn't look back."
,Not Recommended,255420,11278369,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kailen,"I bought the game on the promise of free deck building.  While it is there, the card pool is extremely limited.  So limited that you'll end up building the standard archetypes anyway because there's just not that much flexibility for synergy available.  Even if you buy the ""Complete Bundle"", or the card collections, you will be missing a portion of the available cards.  Those cards - the more powerful cards in the game, of course - are locked away behind Premium Packs, which you have to pay extra for and are, of course, random.  Beyond this, there are several cards with art and rules in the game that are locked away from the player to ever get, even with premium packs.  They removed several game types from previous games as well.Don't buy this game, especially if you already have one of the old versions.  These Duels of the Planeswalker games will never be as complete as the players want them to be, because WOTC wants you to play Magic Online, and pay full price for fake cards."
76561198084503102,Not Recommended,255420,11280820,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,selsport23,"This is my second DOTP game, along with M14. Can't say I'm a fan of this one. It seems like there was no effort put into the storyline. One of the reasons I wanted to play this was for some extra Magic lore and background. Instead it just feels like a bunch of random duels, and planeswalkers randomly thrown in to ""test your ability"". I bought the expanded edition so after beating Innistrad I had access to a whole bunch of cards and could make my own decks, which is supposed to be a advantage of this game over previous versions. But really with the limited amount of cards there's only so many decks you could make anyway. And I'm not getting booster packs for winning, so I guess I'll have to spend more money to get all the cards. At this point I definitely don't feel like I got my $35 worth. I read a couple of other reviews that said you're better off investing the time and money into Hearthstone if you're looking for a card game and I have to agree. Very let down by this game..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11280639,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ColonelZuka,"I really wish there was an in-between vote for recommendations, because I would otherwise set this game as a ""maybe."" As someone who has played all of the DotP games, this is probably the clunkiest release since the first game. I mean, if you can get past that, it's still pretty fun, but I wouldn't go out of the way for it. If you're looking for a decent MtG game to while away your time, I would personally recommend DotP 2013 or 2014 over this one. If you enjoyed those, you might like this one, but I'd advise you to wait for a sale.For one, the menus are AWFUL. They're a pain to navigate, somewhat unresponsive, and the design direction just so unnecessary. Thankfully, the main dueling UI is very nice and clean, though it also suffers from a lack of responsiveness. The AI is still horribly flawed and I've noticed that it still likes to ""cheat"" in cards that it shouldn't have in it's hand, namely spells that had already been cast the maximum times for the deck in use and had never been retrieved from the graveyard. The game also looks to favor customers who pay for card unlocks. All cards can still be unlocked, but it'll take a metric ton of time and grinding to do so.If you can get past the serious flaws of the game, it's still quite enjoyable and it's still a fun and cheap way to enjoy Magic without dropping a fortune on the physical cards or MtGO."
,Not Recommended,255420,16815917,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Blakery,Easily the worst iteration of this game I've played.
,Not Recommended,255420,11343307,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Skythe '-'v,Game sucks. Limited pool of cards for a few hours of play. Would rather play a really really old handheld YGO game or Hearthstone. 2014 was better.
,Not Recommended,255420,12747922,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Shade909,"It was ok, not a greatly put together game and probably barely worth the money, but playable. That was up till the point it wiped all my progress.Stupid, shoddy game. Don't waste the money"
76561198047774346,Not Recommended,255420,11279964,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Drima,"I seriously hope they're gonna put the goddamn Two Headed Giants mode up ASAP, it's just unbelievableI loved the idea behind creating your own deck, I dont give a damn if the starting one is friggin' weak, or if people waste their own wealth to buy booster packs, that's part of Magic's fun, but no 2HG? ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME?!?shame on me for not checking that out beforehand"
76561198026670934,Not Recommended,255420,12433666,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,swandgo,MTG 2015 is a complete let down and a stain upon the franchise.....why may you ask is it soo bad...1- Super short campaign2-PVP matches are pretty much decided by about 4 differnt combo decks3-You gotta pay to unlock more cards if you dont draft them....4-Graphics are crap and buggy5-Interface is bad - no where near as good as mtg 2014Only buy this game if its on a super special!
76561198011577378,Not Recommended,255420,11334581,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,"Nobu, Squirrel Nemesis","This one is very different from the previous Duels games.  It is much more difficult and focused much more on selling you product; many of the cards gotten from premium boosters (which reward cards at random) are flat-out better than what you can get playing the game (those boosters can award cards that can't be gotten otherwise).There are serious issues playing the game at the start  You'll be locked into a single deck for the first campaign, with no ability to ""grind"" more cards for your collection (as the ""Explore"" options aren't unlocked and scenario opponents do not give rewards on subsequent matches).  Effectively, if you are not able to win the first couple of campaign scenarios with the deck you picked, you will not be able to proceed, or even collect cards you paid for (which are rewarded at the end of the first campaign).If you really want to play MTG on the computer either play one of the older Duels games or play MTGO.  This game tries to cover both the experience the previous Duels games had and MTGO without being either and is just not as entertaining as any of them."
76561198035564464,Not Recommended,255420,12813717,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Crackasaurous,Magic 2014 was better. Get Magic 2014 - Duels of the Planeswalkers instead ^_^
,Not Recommended,255420,11280992,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Paul Newman,"Note: game+cards costs around 6 times more - 600 rub for complete unlocks, plus 12-14 boosters 66 rub each (depends on owning previous versions i spent $38 total), otherwise enjoy learning curve and boosters with 3 commons.+: Deckbuilding-: No 2HG*, no Archenemy, no Planechase, no sealed mode, no puzzle mode, slow menu transitions, lower cards power level, several decks behind paywall* because ""interface scales awkwardly""http://redd.it/2ac4v9Problems: poor optimization - gotta play in low res for faster animations (can't upscale bordlerless window for fullscreen and easy Alt+Tab), glitches upon release, misaligned text input, no numpad imput, range of video resolutions is lacking, no idea how online chat works, first online duel crashed without error info, in first 4 player FFA everyone left.[Shop] in menu is 3rd, before [Decks] and [Options] - just illustrates money sucking nature of Magic.I got hooked, I don't care, it's easier than collecting/printing cardboard and bringing my♥♥♥♥♥to LGS regularly, MODO is not better, I should stop and read books or something."
76561198042361702,Not Recommended,255420,12536621,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DarknessFalls,"First of all no one is mentioned how much of a money hog this game is.... Even if you spend just 10 bucks, you still have to pay $1.99  x 14 times to UNLOCK ALL THE CARDS. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ I games liuke Maden, Fifa, NBA 2k is a money hog......Wizards of the Coast took it to the new level with Magic 2015. WTF THEY EXPECT YOU TO PAY AT LEAST 40 DOLLARS TO UNLOCK ALL THE CARDS..... even if you play through the campaign you only unlock about 30% of the cards AT MOST.....thge custom deck build  deck bs is ok but holy crap im not spending 40 dollars on A CARD GAME that clerarly does not cost that much to produce.....Sorry wixards of the coast, this game is a let down."
,Not Recommended,255420,11280498,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Conqueror,"First impressions, very dissapointing.I love Magic, I had played them for 14 years. This time I said to myself ""dude, preorder it, 30 bucks includes 5 complete collections!"" That was one of the worst decission I made in my game-buying life, if not the worst (right after Fable 3). I wanted to start with good cards right after the first match. I didn't start with good cards, I didn't even know which cards had the starting decks.Pros:- More options to customize your decks.- Higher AI level.End of the pros.Cons:- The game content said ""Complete collection"", which doesn't mean complete. It means ""the complete list of the cards we selected"". You get 6-10 colour cards from each collection (6 green cards from Ravnica, 6 from Theros, etc...). If this won't be enough, selected cards are a laugh at your face. And if that won't be enough, you need to fight 6 matches with your starting deck (should I say di ck instead?) to unlock them. And finally, you won't get 4 of each, some will get 4, some 2. Sad, very very sad. Full edition NOT RECCOMENDED UNDER ANY CIRCUNSTANCES, QUARANTINE.- Menus are slow as hell for some reason.- Slowest game of all those DOTP series.- Random crashes. Game crashes slowly too.- Pay 2 win system, so you figure out where this is going.- No fun cards at all. Standard standard gameplay, some good picks for the make up.Do not expect to find:- Coolest cards from other DOTP games. They are by far much much worse.- Fun right after starting. Farming cards from the ridiculous starting decks could be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(not for me, cause I paid the money for non complete complete collections)A complete waste of money, should I have read the forums first. Never again."
,Not Recommended,255420,11760963,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,w0lf,Wanted to like this... to bad it's♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons :First Deck -You can't change the first deck you get or even make edits for quite some time. This presents problems because a few of the stock configs literally suck balls and force you to play until you get a random lucky win.Bad UI -Constantly scrolling through pictures rather then just having all the options presented on one screen. Having the layout like this is supper slow and annoying. Each time you go in or out of menu there's also a slow transition animation. Probably the worst menu UI I've seen in a game in years.Bad Cards -Nothing really too exciting here.There must not have been much playtesting because 85% of people I've played against online use a token deck (and it's pretty much the only choice to use to fight another token deck).R - Goblins/TokensRU - Goblins/TokensW - TokensWR - TokensWG - TokensWRG - TokensBad Campaign -Huge grind to get cards.Lame cutscenes.Super annoying final battle.Overall meh...Micro Transactions -If you want all the cards you have to spend money.Pros :Runs Well -Quite a bit smoother than previous games.Dual lands -Praise jesus... sadly you only get to use the crap common ones. Why? Only WoTC would know.Deck Builder -Cool but only once you've unlocked all the cards (thank god there's hacks).Overall : 3/10
,Not Recommended,255420,23024517,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,omgimahero,"As of 17/5/2016.I've really given this game a try. It's pretty bad. For starters, the in cards are hard to get, you only stick to one archetype deck after the turorial and use it to grind for more booster packs to make more decks through campaign. The game is punishing as the AI's have good synergy decks while you are trying to make do with little you have.The in game shops are offline, and there are no more new content. The multiplayer probably dead, you cant access it until you complete the first stage of the campaign.Anyways, if you are looking to play a Magic game. Download Magic Duels for free or buy Magic 2014 instead of this.(Magic 2014 allows you to obtain different archetype decks through buying the dlc or completeing the campaign game modes)"
76561197971359548,Not Recommended,255420,11290824,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jóhann,"♥♥♥♥ you too, WOTC, ♥♥♥♥ you too..."
76561197978005747,Not Recommended,255420,11292107,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,moooooooon,"Im a idiot! I buy this game since 4 YeahrsMagic 2012: worst netcodeMagic 2013: worst netcodeMagic 2014: ok, now better? noooo....NOW: 2015. Now are better? nooooooooooooooo!!!! worst netcode ever, worst menu ever and the best gamemode 2vs2 canceld... great. this was my last magic ever. good bye"
76561198023920856,Not Recommended,255420,11279697,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Amsjex,"Stick to 2014, yes this game has deck building but what they added with deckbuilding they took away so much more.No 2 headed GiantNo Planechase, Mastermind, whatever special rules modeNo Challenges (i actually really miss those)That and frankly quite lazy campaign mode make for a barely worth it game. which i would wait for a sale to purchase if it wasn't for the following...DIDN'T WORK on my computer originally, had to manually edit config files to get it to a workable point.Obvious Mobile port, used to be PC players had to worry about getting Console ports now it seems we have to worry about getting ports of Mobile games with all their touch screen interface stereotypes intact and quite annoying to navigate with a mouse.But worst of all it has Microtransactions, Thats right microtransactions in a premium games, sure quite a few games nowadays have microtransactions for speed ups, unlock everything keys. this one has premium booster packs which contain cards only in that booster pack and thus completely unattainable, randomized booster packs at that, which retail in game at £1.49.So good luck sinking money into this game for those booster pack cards or do as i'm sure numerous will do and hack unlock those cards. i'm sure there are ways and someone is no doubt doing it right now.Wizards or should i say Hasbro, wizards money centric overlord, decided to market Duels of the Planeswalkers as their entry product into magic, something for those unwilling to put down money for physical and in this case they made an apt product it does indeed introduce you to magic with the slight problem that they expect new players to deck build, having remembered my early days of playing magic, i would just modify a store bought deck it was a while before i started making my own decks but game throws the new players right in at the deep end.TL:DR Edition.If your a new player don't buy this game, buy last years, it'll teach you more your learn faster and then once you know the stuff... go play the real game keep avoiding this one.if your already a magic player, still avoid this game for whilst magic dotp used to be a ""level playing field"" its not pay to win thanks to ""premium boosters""Don't believe me check the forums"
76561198069716098,Not Recommended,255420,11281932,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BesottedMarrow,"most likely the dumb's thing i have done to date but i feel i best put this here so others do not make the same mistake when it says ""300 foil stickers"" this is stickers for ingame use not trading cards as i misread it."
,Not Recommended,255420,12531625,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Coop,money grab for days
76561197965048847,Not Recommended,255420,11280429,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bubas,Can i get a refund?
,Not Recommended,255420,20785884,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Plutie Cutie,I Made a horrible choice.
76561197970455038,Not Recommended,255420,11297170,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Chicken Nugget,"I've been buying these games for the past few years and each year there has been a improvement on the last.Each year the game had multiple game modes, single player and multiplayer game types.Cards unlocked through the course of gameplay or for a additional fee if you didn't have time to play to unlock the cards and just wished to get into the duelling fun.The DotP games never had the best deck building in card games but I believe this was on purpose to create a easy and accessible game for newcomers and seasoned magic players just to pick up and play a few games without having to spend hours making a perfect deck.But each game has had fun mix of modes and cards that gave me a lot of enjoyment, Duelling friends and overcoming defeat in the scripted duels with certain hand of cards where the AI would always play the same set of cards so even if you failed the first time you could learn and adapt to what that opponent did and be able to defeat them.The puzzle challenges which would have you die the next turn and only by using your pro MLG magic skills and thinking outside the box you would be able to turn it around and win before the end of your current turn.Working with friends to overcome insurmountable odds in the special modes like Planechase mode and Archenemy mode which change each year as fun twist on the traditional magic formula where only by working together you could overcome the enemy.It is with that knowledge that I bought this game without looking into it as all previous game have been brilliant and this would appear to be my down fall as in this year's Magic: DoTP they seem to have taking a gigantic leap backwards in term of available content within the game.They have striped it down to a 1v1 format with a basic single player duel against AI(which does have an interesting story tied with it) and 1v1v1v1 for the multiplayer that's is it, no unique game modes or fun additions just a very basic dare I say it cash in title.This game has an UI that seemed to be designed with either tablets or consoles in mind. absolute worse pc port I have ever seen, (maybe even worse than dark souls 1) now the DotP games have always had let me say... clunky menu systems but when I have to click the start button on the tile screen and it takes me 28 clicks before It goes to the next screen that immediately raises flags in my mind of what to expect.Now, I am all for artistic flair but if I have to endure a delay every time I swap menus or exit to main menu which is then proceeded by a light that is brighter than the light Gandalf shines from his staff to stop the Nazguls from attacking Faramirs men in LotR every time I go to a different menu it kind of puts me off playing the game as my time is being wasted at every turn and as my goblins pals say ""time is money friend"".Now I think this review maybe long enough as it is but to sum it up because most of you have probably not read it anyway. :)Pros:Interesting overall story within the single player experienceBetter deck customisationCons:Puzzle modes goneChallenge modes goneMultiplayer modes gone only basic 1v1v1v1 leftNo two headed giant multiplayer modeUI takes ages to move through menus, mouse doesn't seem to react sometimes.Better deck customisation seems to have taken away the good starting decks the other DotP games had now you choose a starter deck and it doesn't synergise with the card in the deck, without extensive modification.Premium booster packs (bad starter decks might not of been a mistake but a calculated decision)In my opinion don't buy this year's version I don't know what happened whilst in development but the game is a huge step backwards its a no from me on this one guys."
76561198100266848,Not Recommended,255420,11360683,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,irishlord43,"HUGE let down. I bought the 35$ edition and i am completly dissapointed. The menu is not fit to be in 2014, i understand that there are animations but the scrolling and loading is so long it makes me lose intrest. You don't have to make menus all fancy if it slows them down, we honestly just want to get to the magic, so please if they have to be less pretty in order for me not to have to sit there for minutes a menu system that should take seconds please make it ugly. Also I have to click on something multiple times to make it actually register to click. The mana system always taps the mana i was going to use on other speels even when i set it to manual. They also took out alot of multiplayer features. After playing duels, and M14 i feel like they took a huge step back, this game was very dissapointing, and not worth the heafty price tag."
76561197993379407,Not Recommended,255420,11371495,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,njc9506,"When I heard that they were finally adding the capability to build your own deck, I was quite excited. Maybe this would be the Magic the Gathering game we have all been hoping for. But having played it for a bit, I am saddened to say that this is not the great game I thought it would be. True, they did add full deck building, but they have destroyed almost all other aspects of the game in the process. They removed the 2-Headed Giant game mode, making any games with friends Free-for-All. They have reworked the controls so that there is no pulling a card back in that you might have accidently clicked on. And if you use the mouse scroll wheel to zoom in, it won't allow you to zoom back out again most of the time. Someone said it best, it is like this game was made by people that haven't played the previous versions of it."
,Not Recommended,255420,11382565,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Slowperfection,"What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. It makes you pick a specific deck type without saying you'll be stuck with that deck for the whole game. I am now stuck with the black and white deck which can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥and is generally garbage. Apparently, I will slowly unlock cards as I beat other decks. So I bought some extra cards and then it says I cannot use them until I beat the first level, which I cannot do because my deck is so bad.Do Not Buy!!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11341420,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Udders,"This version of Magic the Gathering is a good example of a company trying to fix something that wasn't broken in the first place.  I could go over all the pros and cons but there are already a thousand other reviews here saying the same thing.Bottom line: If you loved DotP for the quick playability, co-op two-headed giant games with friends, and the simple, yet incredibly synergenic, pre-built decks then Magic 2015 isn't for you."
76561198002867079,Not Recommended,255420,11355359,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Let's go to sleep.,The Duels series has finally captured the feeling of being a new player and taking your janky♥♥♥♥♥pauper deck to FNM and getting stomped by someone with a playset of Alpha Duel Lands and Demonic Tutors.Look forward to a deck full of Standing Troops and Rotted Hulks.
,Not Recommended,255420,11383270,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,(M3) EvilDustMan,"I love magic. I'm a mediorce magic player. The last games had some hard decks and the AI was pretty good.This deck is a step in reverse. The AI has made a couple easy mistakes despite me being on the toughest difficulty. The design team took the 'play stuff after combat' too far. It has failed some game winning turns by using auras after combat. Even if it were playing really defensively, I've seen a few screw ups.The biggest is I can't complete the first part of the campaign. At all. I can't beat Avacyn. She has a much better mana curve than I do and a far better deck. Even trying to get the perfect hand, the Green/Red deck is just so bad, it's impossible to do anything.I suspect this game is Pay 2 Win. I don't have the shop available yet here, but I get the strong feeling that if the FIRST CAMPAIGN is impossible to beat, the rest of the game is going to require I have a lot more boosters.I can't recommend this game at all. I feel like they took a big step back instead of a good step forward."
,Not Recommended,255420,11525380,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sky.ca,"Ingame purchases are a must if you want to play online. The cardpool is increadilbly small compared to other titles, even if you can make your own from scratch. Would be really good if you could use any of the cards programmed into the game, and it didn't cost an arm and a leg.You're better off with Magic 2013 or 14"
76561198006529838,Not Recommended,255420,11297578,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Asurmen22,"After playing most other Duels of the Planswalkers, this is the first one I cannot recommend. Even as a learning tool, this version may leave you bitter and disilusioned in magic as a whole.After the first deck you recieve, all other cards have to be obtained through booster packs, which you earn by playing. However, the idea of booster packs is only an illusion. You recieve the cards in a set order depending on which plane you play on. So if you want Brimaz, you have to unlock every other card on Theros because he is the last. And after you unlock every card on a plane, THERE IS NO REASON TO CONTINUE PLAYING THERE. You cannot gain additional copies of cards, so you'll only ever get one Brimaz.Additionally, not all cards can be found in free booster packs. Some cards can ONLY be obtained through ""premium"" packs bought for real money. These cards include:-Kozelik-Stoneforge Mystic-Maelstrum Archangel-Kitesail Apprentice (Really?)-Blasting StationBeing able to construct your own decks is supposed to be a major draw this time around, however it came at the expense of all pre-made decks. You can ONLY use the first deck you recieve (nearly all commons and uncommons) and decks you've built out of a pool that only reaches 300 cards. This ends up with you having a lot less variety and synergy in your decks, especially if you're new to the game. Additionally the constructed deck mechanic fails in that you're basically building a 60 card sealed deck to face against pre-made decks until you reach the point where you've unlocked enough to make a confident constructed deck... but at that point you've probably beaten most of the single player campaign.Additionally there are cards programmed into the game that you as the player cannot use. TONS OF THEM. Now, older versions of the game have all done this, it's not new. BUT in those versions it kinda made sense as all you had was pre-made decks and perhaps those cards didn't fit in any of them. But now when you can make your own decks, every card programmed into the game should be avalible to you at some point. There's no reason not to give the players cards like Grey Merchent and Honor of the Pure when you already put them in the game!There's no secondary game mode this time around, such as Planechase or Archenemy. Also gone are the entertaining and sometimes even tricky challenges that would give you one turn and a set of cards to get out of a bad situation.On a plus side, the game looks very pretty. Backgrounds and menus look very stylish as do all the booster pack arts. The downside is this comes at the expense of actual functionality. Even the escape menu during a game is a mess, and is really more form coming before function.The game runs slow unless you turn off shadows and the audio is always popping for me.The game is also very buggy. Often, when too many triggers are going on the stack and some form of lifegain is involved the game will break and make whoever was gaining life invincible. You can tell this has happened because their life total won't change. I've had to happen to the AI as well as myself.Additionally a lot of cards don't work as they should (Ajani's pridemate still only gets 1 counter when there are multiple lifelinking creatures dealing damage) and targeting creatures during combat can get messed up by some strange bug that returns a ""cannot target creatures in that zone"" error.So, once again, do not purchase this game. Purchase duels 2014 or 2013, they are much better and worth it especially if you're trying to get into magic."
,Not Recommended,255420,11297771,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Clasdes,"A complete waste of money and time. I have been on and off playing mtg for many blocks, steming all way back to 7th edition, and after I moved so DotP has been the only way to play with friends.Pros- Deck BuildingCons-vary pay to win (I bought the complete version due to the descreptions of the content but I'll get to that)- most of the cards in the game are unacessable to the player.-the extra content is vary misleading and by that I mean they say ""all the cards from inistrad"" making is sound as if its a block expanstion, but no its 40 cards out a 300+ card set.-the interface is vary slow (takes about 40secs to just leave the main menu after pressing enter).-the interface is also trying to make things look clean but they hide information that you want (equiped deck... things like that)-they force the tutorial upon you. literly you cannot do anything till you play their tutorial (yes you can skip most of it but then you have to do a duel just to leave the dueling tutorial) then you get to go the the deck building tutorial.Overall this game is over all a bad choice to purchase and if I could refund it i would."
76561198032082911,Not Recommended,255420,11298029,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Grognac,Wish i had read the reviews before buying. Was hoping for a better version of 2014 but this game is pretty much worse in every way. Make sure you choose the starting deck you absolutely want to build on because your pretty much stuck with it. And yeah microtransactions on a digital trading card game are just about the dumbest thing going when you can buy the physical cards.
76561198009318105,Not Recommended,255420,11297176,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dollop of Mayo,"An update after a couple patches and an expansion : Still trash. Menus are a little faster but need a total redesign as they're still a bulky slog. Deck equipping was and is a dumb idea.The expansion has 51 damn cards. There are thousands and thousands of cards in MTG, guys. It was worth the price I paid for it at least, since I got it for ""free"" after I bought a couple of premium boosters before they became a multiplayer only reward.Still a bad game. Still a huge step back from 2014 and 2013.--I was on board for the idea of building your own deck until I saw that DOTP 2015 literally lifted its Sealed pool from 2014, transplanted it into this game, made the interface clunky and painfully slow, and removed all other game modes besides campaign and online 2-player mode.Besides the UI being like wading through sludge, 80% of the cards in the card pool are complete trash in the context of Constructed, with little to no synergy existing between them. Sealed =/= Constructed, but apparently nobody told Stainless. If you like slow paced games where you drop 1/1 creatures waiting for a 7 mana 4/4 bomb, you're in the right place. Admittedly I probably only unlocked 50% of the cards, but I've been playing Magic for years and a look at the full list of cards, even the so-called Premiums, told me a sad tale.This could be made right with patches to fix the UI and by adding cards into the pool with actual board impact through promo codes but I have ample reason to believe nothing will be done with this game besides dumping a few extra loads of mediocre cards into the pool and charging for it, then continuing Duels' slow, rotting march into oblivion with the following iterations.I'd love to be proven wrong, though."
,Not Recommended,255420,11307910,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pretorian,Pay 2 win scam...
76561197989255290,Not Recommended,255420,11320449,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Klaw,They got rid of double headed giant - the best game mode. Expect to be forced to play the tutorial for 1 hour before having any free will.
76561198113222987,Not Recommended,255420,11298058,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Nisa,"US/EN: Attention! It will not work under Windows XP! (Yes, I'm still using WinXP as many others)RU: Внимание! Не работает на Windows XP! (Да, я все еще пользуюсь WinXP, как и многие другие)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11318255,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Smog,"Pros:- It's MtG- It's the last version so everybody is going to play this online.- Deck customization but:1) Limited card pool.2) Random restricions (max 2 rares per type etc..).3) There are cards implemented in the game that you cant use.I wasnt sure to put this as a pro or as a con since whoever designed this did a really poor job but other reviews list it as a pro.. Also the idea of deckbuilding itself was good (well people were asking for in since dotp2012) but seems like they tried hard to implement it in the wrost possible way...Cons:- Day 1 dlc: Unlike the past versions this time you can't unlock every card just by playing. Every gamer already know the cancer of day 1 dlcs, if you aren't aware do a quick reserach on google. Also the whole dlc costs even more than the game itself, no joke.- No 2-Headed Giant: there is no reason at all for this removal, the offcial comment from Wotc was that only a niche played the mode (?!?!?), probably the real reason is that they want to add it in another dlc and make you pay extra money.- Cards implemented used only by the PC.The cards are there ready and working but nope you cant use them, only the AI can. This issue has been pointed out a lot but there is stll no official reason for this.- Microtransactions and balance.If you are familiar with diablo 3, the game was ruined by the choice of balancing the whole game around the AH. In the same way this game is ruined by its design around microtransactions:1) Grindfest to unlock the cards. In this edition wotc push hard to make you buy even the unnecessary DLCs.Especially with some of the starting decks that are no where near the powerlevel of the past editions the gind will be real. A solution can be to lover the difficulty to mage level to speed up this process but yeah.. ask yourself if a good game design would require something like this.2) P2W.There are pay2win components where paying extra money give access to more premium cards and not only to cosmetics like in the past editions.The base game is just there to tell you ""Hey spend more money!!"" and playing it gives you the feeling that it is a rushed money grab.A quote from the Lead Designer Nik Davidson (From his reddit AMA):""(1)One of my foremost goals on Duels was to control and minimize the impact of the Premium boosters on the overall game, (2)while still providing good value to players who wanted them.""(1) Mission failed.(2) !!!!! ""players who wanted them"" And they removed the 2HG Because ""was a niche feature""!!! Ask yourself if there are more people who want the 2hg or people who want to pay more?(Here the point isn't the extra 20€ but the bs in the head designer thought.)- The menu is slow and buggy.It is probably designed for tablets and the port sucks.1) Super slow screen transitions.2) Unresponsive clicking.3) Bright white background.A couple of comments from the forum:""Now I'm blind, too much white screens in my eyes....""""Pointless ""equip a deck"" requirement making you go all the way back to the deck creation menu in between games.""""This menu is absolute garbage how they could even come up with something so messed up!!!""- The multiplayer:1) There are pay2win components.2) Your opponent can pause the game forever and go afk waiting for you to give up. The fact that this is possible just illustrates how poorly the game is designed.There are people that when you play a premium card will accuse you of pay2win (sadly rightfully) and pause the game forever to ""punish you"". I know this because I got a premium booster pack with the preorder and since the cards are obiuosly broken as ♥♥♥♥ I put some of them into a deck I used online...3) The blocking system is messed up. When someone attacks you with more than 10 creatures some of them can't be effectively blocked because the UI sucks.4) If your opponent leave the game the AI take over and you'll be trapped in playing a match vs the AI. They already had this problem resolved in the past editions but who knows how this time they ""forgot"" to put the option of conceding a duel.Update 07/08/2014- Completing the game:1) A bug today still not fixed prevent you form obtaining the ""Explorer Title"" and completing the game 100%.2) For those who buy the game only for the achievements there is a 100 online win achievement and the grind will take a good time, especially be prepared to meet:a) People with full pay2win decks.b) People that when they are about to lose freeze the game forever waiting for you to leave..- False Advertisement:The Complete Edition is not complete at all so if you would do the huge mistake to buy it for 35€ you would still have to pay the 28€ for the premium cards spending a total of 63€. Let's be real, this game isn't even worth the base 10€ and there are people who were deceived into paying 63€ for it!!TL;DR:Dotp: another good franchise ruined by the greed. This game is garbage.Update 19/11/2014I got the expansion for free since i had the preorder and the 2014 edition. The expansion add more cards to the pool and remove the premium boosters but the game is the same... and still no 2hg..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11297373,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Meepbob,"This game is such a down-grade from magic 2014, which was fun but already pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I don't really have anything else to say other than playing this game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot on my keyboard, my mechanical keyswitches becoming bogged by the immense quantity of♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet i continued to play because i am just another miserable magic the gathering player who has nothing better going on in their life........"
76561198057098010,Recommended,255420,28778545,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jgj7700,"I'm honestly not sure why this game has gotten so many mixed to negative reviews. Perhaps they've updated the game since then to address some of the complaints it received. As a person who has played all of the PC MtG offerings from Steam, I think this one is BY FAR the most polished. The deckbuilding screen is fantastic with easy to use filters in a simple but aesthetically appealing layout that makes the system extremely user-friendly and satisfying.I read many complaints about menu speed but I don't have have any qualms with the menu at all. It's easy to navigate and it doesn't take long to load or jump from place to place once you know where everything is. And I don't have a fancy gaming PC, just a 5 year old desktop. I'm not really sure what people were complaining about there.I also read some complaints about how the game was overly difficult with starter decks. In fact, I read it so often in the reviews that I started out playing on the easiest difficulty because I was concerned about getting wrecked. However, this wasn't my experience either. I've played through all of Innistrad with the cards I got buying the basic game (as well as the boosters you earn as you beat the planeswalkers) and I'd say I have over a 75% winrate for games I actually played through (sometimes I'll just restart a challenge if the manascrew is too steep). For the sake of reference, I only have a moderate amount of experience with MtG but I do have some experience with other ccg's- most notably Hearthstone.So with about eight hours of playtime, I am quite satisfied with the purchase and I'm glad I didn't let the negative reviews scare me off. In my opinion, I've already gotten my money's worth (GoGo Holiday Sale!) and I've still got probably 80% more game to play.tl;drPros:- Aestetically appealing and highly functional deckbuilding screen. I can't overstate how much this is improved from previous installments.Neutrals:- Basically an updated version of the same format from previous installments. There doesn't seem to be anything new and exciting (beyond the deckbuiding being vastly improved). This isn't bad or good, it just is what it is.Cons:- The full screen mode does this weird thing where it messes up the second monitor I have for my desktop (it pushes whatever is displayed there halfway off the screen. Previous versions did too). When I play in windowed mode, it doesn't appear to have a size that is close to my full monitor size. It's not awful, but it's not ideal either.- I guess some people were complaining about the lack of puzzle challenges in this one as compared to previous installments; Unless that's somewhere in this version and I haven't gotten to it yet. I guess that would be a con too, although for me personally, I don't really care much about that feature.So, my initial impression is that Magic 2015 is definitely worth the money. If you enjoyed the previous installments, you'll like this one as well. It satisfies the MtG itch without having to spend assloads of money on an actual card collection. If I run in to anything else that seems off-putting, I will come back and edit the review, but based on my expectations from having played the previous iterations of the game, this one has pleasantly exceeded my expectations."
,Recommended,255420,11631098,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Best card game ever, even what other say about this game. Now updated version! Referral!FIN:Paras kortti peli ikinä vaikka muut sanoisi mitä. Nyt päivitetty versio! Suositteluni!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11463448,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Duchess Squiggy Derpenshire,"As a long time fan of Magic The Gathering, it pains me to say that I would not recommend you buy this game. While it does finally let you build your own deck and manually change how many lands are in said deck, this year's version is quite stripped of content. 2HG, Planechase, and Archenemy were taken out (or just never implemented) for whatever insane reason, sealed play  is nonexistant, and no challenge modes.And don't buy the Complete Bundle or any Card Collections, you will regret it. Why? I will tell you why: by winning games you get booster packs which gets you more cards that you can use to further customise your deck. It takes time and effort, and if you buy the Complete Bundle or the Card Collections you miss out on a big chunk of content.The game is also has its fair share of bugs and glitches, as well as having a feeling of not being polished. I get random framerate drops for no apparent reason; I had to go and manually change the resolution to 1366x768 in the config file because there isnt an option for it, and the menus are lackluster.I give this game a 2/5 for now, until they send out updates and hopefully release more content. But in all honesty, go buy Magic 2014. You will have a much more enjoyable experience, have much more content, and a better polished game than Magic 2015."
76561198032043223,Not Recommended,255420,12728465,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Waaaghsmash,"Not sure if DLC will save this title for me, but I'm not one to give much credit for a game you have to pay extra for to make it feel like a viable title.  The purchase of extra boosters being tied to multiplayer success is a real sticking point for me.I've bought just about every one of the previous titles on my Xbox account and played hours upon hours of multiplayer (two-headed giant being my favorite game type.)  I finished the campaign on this and tried some multiplayer and out of the games I played I saw one deck that was not completely like the others.  I'm surprised to find that I've come to the conclusion that I like the games with premade decks more.If you enjoyed previous versions of this game, you may very well not enjoy this one.  I'm sure many people DO like this, but do some research on the virtues and cons of this game prior to buying."
,Not Recommended,255420,11341679,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Spibro,"My game doesn't even start.How does a new game not even work on a PC capable of running it?Legit first time bought magic, legit last."
76561197976542643,Not Recommended,255420,11288614,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Hellsing,"The UI is slow, has way too much flashy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in it, and the fogging effects between menus is really not needed and just slows the whole experience down... the splitting of the tabletop when attacking is also a waste of coding and just there for flash for no real reason and could have been entirely avoided.  The removal of 2HG (and all other co-op games) renders this useless for multiplayer unless you like an all vs all game...Waste of moneyWaste of timeAvoid at all costs and play 2014 until they patch this back to how ti should be."
,Not Recommended,255420,11285132,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Artie,"I've played 2009-2014 Duels of the Planeswalkers, and loved every one of them.However this game fell flat on it's face.Pros:-Cleaner UI, not crappy vertical bars like the previous-Starting deck is any 2 color combo-Can grind different events similar to the hoard events from m2014 to get boosters (One being ""What's in the box?"")Cons:-Slow Interface-Picking a color combination (For me Blue/Black) doesn't mean you get a deck inspired by Dimir (The blue/black Archetype), instead it means you get a few weak, expensive standard black cards and a few weak, blue cards that have no synergy. Blue/black comes with two black cards that make you mill 3 cards when it's placed into battle but there's no card in the basic deck that can activate effects from the grave.-Premade AI draws assure that unless you don't have a perfect hand you're done.-Weak decks mean that even if you have the perfect starting hand, you can garuntee that your opponent will come out with 5/5 flying vigilant angels turn three and you won't have anything in your deck that can contend with them unless you spend all of your land to get rid of one.-No Two Headed Giant, the one and only reason I played the other games, because a game of four friends constantly switching teams is probably the most fun I've had in a videogame for a prolonged period of time.-You have to grind for booster packs, of which you'll only get a few cards of your chosen colors.I'll probably not touch this game untill Dimir support is added or Blue/red Werewolves are added.And please, Wizards Add 2HG, this game will sell like hotcakes if you do."
,Not Recommended,255420,11288190,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tabalt,If you liked previous iterations of Duels of the Planeswalkers you most likely won't like this one.  The interface feels like a step back from Magic 2014 and the card selection is rather meager and uninspiring.  You'll be wishing you had access to the AI's cards to build your fully customizable deck after only a few games.
76561198053087976,Not Recommended,255420,11278781,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Iflon,"I like playing MTG in a casual way, Playing it here on steam have been a great way to do so, It started by me and a friend playing 2HeadGiant back in Magic - 2012. Ive bought every Version from that day and up and this one have to be the biggest disapointment ever in my opinion.The entire essence of a multiplayer game is that you can not only play against others but play together with others and your friends.As far menu and settings it just look wierd i dont like it to much old ones where def much better. and simple none the less.I can't recommend buying the game at its current state."
76561198032328192,Not Recommended,255420,11281642,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sweetLu,"Pro - Fully customizable decksCons - Small overall cardpool- Has the option to purchase ""premium cards"" which are 3x the cost of the base game and are arguably better than the cards you get in the base game- Limited multiplayer options (only FFA, no 2HG or other format variant)- Can no longer play in ""Windowed Mode"", needs to be full screen- It seems Wizards wanted to focus on a UI to make the play on tablets better which IMO made playing on the comuter worse (i.e. menus are not in list form, you scroll through them like you are swiping on a tablet)- The ""red zone"" in the middle of the battlefield is disgusting. It shifts the battlefield around just so it can show a ""red zone"". Wizards, stop making dumb UI changes. Who cares if it used to be referred to as the red zone. Just stop. Put it in permanently or take it out."
,Not Recommended,255420,11282041,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Quippish,"A marked step down from last years game.In the wake of the microtransaction news I had lowered my expectations for this game but after having spent a solid few hours with it I find I didn't lower them enough.  Oddly my complaints have nothing to do with the microtransactions.Automatic mana tapping is incredibly bad.  Much worse than last years edition.  It will often immediately tap you out of one color in order to pay colorless costs.The interface has obviously been designed for tablet use but in the process has been made clunky for traditional PC play.  Menus require scrolling through option by option, ideal for a tablet but laughably bad for a PC game.The much vaunted deck builder is worse than the modification tools from last years edition.  It automatically segregates your deck by color with no option to to change this.  I do not wish to compare my white six drop to my red one drop, they don't really relate to each other.Presentation is pretty, with nice transitions.  These transitions that you will see hundreds if not thousands of time.  We don't really need a 3 second animation every combat phase, especially when nobody is attacking.This game is all polished presentation that gets in the way of the game.That you have to buy 30 premium packs to unlock all the cards is just adding insult to injury."
,Not Recommended,255420,11282190,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,fonehtiks,"Did EA develop this version? The game is crafted to almost require you to spend money on RNG booster packs. The starter decks are absolute crap (white black gives you Necromancer's Assistant - put 3 cards into the graveyard but NO other cards to bring them back), 2 headed giant mode is gone and Helen Keller functions better than the UI. Save your money for either 2014 if you like preconstructed decks or get some paper cards that at least have some value. Don't forget that the iPad and Steam versions are completely seperate meaning if you buy it in steam you'll still have to pay to unlock a seperate game on the ipad. Incredibly disappointing.One thing I did like is the music but it's the same damn song from 2014."
76561198043745457,Not Recommended,255420,11282443,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Schnabeltier,"I have played over one hundred hours of Magic 2014 and I loved it.  Needless to say I pre-ordered Magic 2015 as soon as I could.  Never do this.  The game is a massive disappointment.  If you wish to play a good Magic game get 2014.Pros- Lots and Lots of cards- Decent graphicsCons- NO TWO-PLAYER CO-OP- Stuck with a single deck choice (in 2014 there were at least 8 different decks)- Difficult to unlock cards- Only one type of game mode- Poor auto land tap (the automatic functions of the game do not preform even the most obvious moves)- Painful interfaceOverall the game feels like it was thrown together in an effort to get it out with as little work done be the creators as possible.  The myopic gameplay and single deck make the game become dull quickly when compared to earlier Duels of the Planeswalkers game.  While the custom deck option is nice, it does not compensate for the lack of game modes."
76561197983675797,Not Recommended,255420,11280073,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,EdgeMage,"With the removal of the Co-Op mode this is a major step back in the franchise for the targeted audience of the ""casual player"".  My friends and I use DotP primarily as a method to comp stomp and relax in the evenings.  We enjoy the custom deck construction but honestly we're not sure if we will continue to play it since it doesn't have the Co-Op vs AI setting.  We're hoping that the manufacturer just didn't have time to develop it for the release but that they will update it later.  My hopes are not super high though.The single player campaign strikes me as worth the $10.00 pricetag but we were banking on the unlocks for the Complete Bundle to allow us to do our own decks ""right out of the Box"" so to speak.  We are very disappointed to find that the Co-Op mode does not currently exist.  Therefor I would not recommend this game at the $35.00 price tag (but it completely depends on what content you are most interested in)."
76561198054104186,Not Recommended,255420,11280103,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,InfiniteBladez-,No more team multiplayer AKA Two-Headed Giants
,Not Recommended,255420,11854709,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,VincentLaw109,"The Duels of the Plainswalkers (DotP) series has always been my secret pleasure since I stopped playing Magic the Gathering in high school. It had simplified one on one duels, challenges that were a nice and fun extra if you wanted something to work your brain and learn new strategies for Magic, a Bonus mode like archmage or plainschase that added even more depth to single and multilayer matches, and plenty of decks to use with over hundreds of cards. The series has also had the mode made DotP series extremely popular Two-Headed giant which is two vs two action that could become extremely strategic and to be great at the mode required communication between teammates which was a great addition to the Plainswalker series.The campaign mode in 2015 is dull and can be very frustrating if you didn’t purchase cards packs which to mention compared to previous editions of the DotP series, to unlock all the cards without grinding is expensive and purchasing the complete package doesn't give you all the cards, there are still premium boosters to purchase for two bucks a pop. You are stuck using one deck until you have unlocked enough cards to make a second deck. The story has never been a main point to the series which is why there has never been a good one. They don't matter, it has always been about the gameplay.DotP 2015 takes away everything we loved in the series, challenges, two-headed giant mode, a bonus mode to mix things up and gives us the ability to customize decks and a large variety of the cards. The issue is the menu's are the worst they have ever been, you get kicked out of a room after you have played a game online and you can't change your decks in a room forcing constant inviting the same person over and over if you're playing with a friend or want a rematch. Over time the process becomes unbearable that you will prefer one of the previous entries in the series compared to this one.The ability to create a deck is stunted by one thing, you will always see the same builds over and over with slight differences. This is due to the fact that most of the good cards in a color are very few so more players are more likely to use them and cards that combo with them in order to win more games.Magic 2015 is just a spit in the face to fans of the series, it asks for more money f you don't want to spend hours upon hours grinding and be able to compete in the online competitive multiplayer than any digital Magic game in the series. The menu system might as well be the challenge mode considering that it is the most clunky and unresponsive menu ever. The multiplayer aspect has been ruined by not being able to play two-headed giant or have constant friendly re-matches without getting kicked out of the room. The only pro about this game is that it's Magic and Magic is an excellent card game and has always been."
,Not Recommended,255420,11841343,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Carbon Dog,"This game is a big letdown for me as both a gamer and a magic the gathering fan. The interface is clunky and menu heavy, clearly having been made with only tablet gaming in mind. The computer is laggy and slow to move against you. Gone in this year's edition are the ""challenge mode"" scenarios. And a its a poor decision to have a player pick a deck and be stuck with it until they unlock more or grind out enough good cards to make it decent.This year's version of MTG is dull, trodding, poorly planned and executed.If you want a good card game for PC, go MTG 2014 or Hearthstone instead."
76561197993141339,Not Recommended,255420,11340408,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Torn,"A lot less then what I had Initially expected. Overall the experience is very watered down and I find myself getting more frustrated with the game then actually enjoying it. I get that DOTP is suppose to be the gateway to playing MTGO (MODO) or the actual card game, however this is a poor way to do it.I'm a long time Magic player (20 Years) and I literally struggled to beat the game on Planeswalker difficulty but not because the computer played better, but just the power level imbalance. Honestly the cards we are given to use are a mash up of some of the more popular Standard (Type 2) cards mixed in with a few but not overpowered Modern cards. However... the computer gets acess to a HUGE pool of cards we don't get that are grossly over powered.Example: Lillana played 2 Demonic tutors on me in the same turn ~ Really... TWO! that's not even legal in Vintage (Type 1) less on a level where we have no where near the power level to compete with this and the game seems to more of a luck factor then simply playing the right cards.The Interface sucks ~ its slow, laggy and sometimes unresponsive to my choices. With the Machine I am running, NOTHING SHOULD BE RUNNING SLOW! 8 Cores @ 4.0 Ghz, 8 GB of DDR3 Ram, Nvidia GeForce 760, Navigating around just seems clumky compared to 2014, not sure what they did but its not working right,Not sure why but I cant go above 23Hz... well I can select above it and it changes it but it changes it back from 60hz the moment i get into a game (Bad coding maybe?)Lack of modes is still an issue ~ we had a lot of great modes from the previous games (2HG. Archenemy, Planechase) so why are we limited to single and multiplayer games? Newsflash Wizards... NO ONE PLAYS MULTIPLAYER MAGIC UNLESS ITS COMMNADER!So why not commander?-----------------------------------HighlightsPros:-Finally full deck customization-Lots of computer oppoents-Limits on Cards to add a new experienceCons:-Bad interface-Extreme lack of cards despite many more have been programmed.-Lack of Modes (Only single and Multiplayer ~ No 2HG and others)-Difficulty Imbalance and bad AI (Seen the computer kill one of his own creatures for no reason on planeswalker)-Poor shuffle simulation (I shouldn't be getting mana screwed/Flooded so often in a deck that curves out on 3 thats is running 26 lands just becauase I can rarely get past 2 lands 18 cards deep into my deck)-Random crashes-Needs to be more like the Yu-Gi-Oh! GamesOverall 6/10 Poor"
76561198059573809,Not Recommended,255420,11353729,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,TootiFruitiThomas,"The starting decks are so inferior to the CPU decks it's almost laughable. The tutorial is SO boring and should be optional if you have played a Magic game before. Structuring decks is only good if you are willing to pay for the digital cards. The interface is so slow it's like running through treacle. Only ever played Magic 2013 but this seems like such a downgrade. It seems like it could be Magic 2004 not 2014. Don't buy, a waste of £7. Might be worth 70p."
,Not Recommended,255420,11696342,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Take Your Heart,kinda sucks that you dont even get all the cards the npcs use or even a two headed giant.seems like a downgrade from the last game franklyneeds work. 4/10
76561198000427803,Not Recommended,255420,11361294,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Talented,"I skipped the past few of these on the idea that it just was slipping downhill quickly and I didn't care for the idea that I was playing a game to unlock a 'sideboard' of cards for a pre-built deck.   I came back into the fold for 2015 after hearing some lite talk about building your own decks and having a quick way to finding a bigger multiplayer pool than just my local card shops, so I would dive right in!It's like they upgraded from the kiddie pool to the shallow end.   Like real shallow... two feet, max.The card pool is incredibly limited, estimated at about 50 cards a color and don't even get me started on the premium rares that can only be unlocked with cash/money/hoes.   Magic 2015: Duels of the Planeswalkers is arguably the worst game in the series. The free range deck building has actually turned out to be a negative rather than a positive feature."
76561197978784071,Not Recommended,255420,11559082,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,BadlyContainedRage,"Very Dissapointing, would be a succinct way to sum up Magic 2015.This Version seems like a very short expansion pack for one of the previous Magic games.The one good added feature of freely customizable Decks gets shot in the knee by the Rest of the games shortcommings.You can have only 1 Starter Deck for the whole game instead of a selection, which at first makes sense because you are supposed to make your own. The problem with that is that you have a insanely small selection of cards at the start and once you finished the Campaign you cant unlock more without paying.Unlocking Cards, due to the randomness of the boosterpacks, can leave you with nothing to really add to your Deck.Which wouldn´t be that much of a problem if you could just get more and more Booster packs. But you only get a set amount. So if you have bad luck and dont get the cards for your deck, start preparing your wallet.They also cut out other features of the old games like the Two-headed Giant format. But maybe we can pay 5$ to get it as DLC later...Get one of the old magic games which are still buggy! but are more fun and dont try to suck out your money quite as hard as this game.Magic 2015 seems like a demo Version of the real programm and as a long time Magic fan I am very dissapointed with it.I hope they will patch some of the things i am complaining about but as it stands now i am done with this series.Save your money and buy yourself some Icecream or something. This game isnt worth your money right now."
76561198052904941,Not Recommended,255420,11471051,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Decibelz,"They screwed this one up pretty bad, Very Very Very disapointed. I was pumped when the game was released. I even bought the complete bundle""It's a scam"" DO NOT BUY THE COMPLETE BUNDLE. ALSO, they only have 1v1 or 3 or 4 player. no more 2 headed giant or other cool multiplayers. Do not buy, hopefully these issues will be fixed in Magic 2016"
76561198032654008,Not Recommended,255420,11376964,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Xeraf,"If you want to deal with p2w cards and stupid ffa 3/4 players mode when everyone betrays - Welcome to Magic 2015.To everyone else who want fun gamemodes, coops, actual deck tinkering - look at earlier DOTP series, this one is just bad."
,Not Recommended,255420,11356755,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Slamdistic,"I as a magic fan both the TCG and the Videogame feel quite disheartened at this quick crash grab. The only thing that is worth noting of this game is that they've added some of the Theros block set to play around with. The ""Deck building"" gimic isn't much to get excited over since They limit your decks to what you can create with the arbitrary rarity lock (meaning 4 Commons to unlock, 3 Uncommons, 2 Rares, and 1 Mythic) which isn't exciting. To add to the muck that the game seems to irk myself are two things: The Menu is (or was for me) at my friends house was auto locked to a 29p Refresh rate, then playing this on my own rig started at 50fps. Now it might be saying that I'm expecting a lot out of a simple card game would be right but it wouldn't be an issue if the menu screen was incredibly unresponsive and relaxed, It took about 3 or 4 Clicks on the start game promt to let the game know that I wanted to play. Lastly the other thing would be noting is that the AI is pretty sad. Most of the time getting mana screwed won the game by having 2 mana with two 1/1 soilders with a flying enchantment that gives +1/+2 This happened about 6 or 7 times Even on the final boss, Hell infact Twice on the final boss. If I had to give an honest statement,I would have to say that this version is possibly optimised for iPad or Android tablets. Final Statements: Avoid getting the game since its less of what the previous verison is and if you want to get this game and/or want to try it out to see what magic is either look into getting M13 or M14 or wait until a sale for at least half off. 38/100"
76561198040844511,Not Recommended,255420,11278650,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,azntri,If I wanted to spend more money on virtual cards I would've played hearthstone or MTGO. Both those games have a solid system for competitive play. This game on the other hand is slow and starts you off with miserable excuse of a starter deck. Game is 1/10 compared to the previous duels that came before it.
76561198003299370,Not Recommended,255420,11280135,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,❤ Kitty_Lover ❤,"Okay, I'm not a pro, but I love the game since my youth and I've been playing the game for like 20 years.Now that I'm older I don't have so many chances to play the game in real life anymore, just now and then with very few friends who actually kept their cards (most sold theirs).And I tried out the first few PC games for it too and then finally decided I should buy it and bought the 2014 version.Played it lots and lots and even got my real life friends to get it too.They prefer it real life because of the variety (and the actual human contact :P) and so do I.But since that was not always possible I enjoyed the PC game so far.Yes, your ""Deck Building"" choices were very limited but I was never much bothered about that.Though it would certainly be possible to put in all cards from the current edition (and older ones too), I always believed in it that they just want the game to be more like a Demo and make people more interested to actually play the game in real life.Which is good, I liked that.When I read that the new 2015 version will actually have a free Deck Building system I was really surprised and was looking forward to it.I was looking forward to a new MtG game anyways :P - but this sparked my interest even more of course.I basicly counted hours till I could download and play it!Now that I got it and played it a bit I must say, I'm utterly disappointed.I can only really emphazie what I read in the other comments:This game really tries its best to make you spend your money!And any game which tries that in such a forced way is just a ""Not recommand"" for me.If a game offers a fast way out for anyone who does not want to or can not invest the time others do, sure, why not.Like the previous MtG game where you could buy the unlocked Decks or the foil Deck.I didn't buy one! But the option was there.You could eitherway play lots and lots to unlock all the cards or just pay a small fee and unlock it right away.That's okay, not such a bad option and it still leaves all players in an equal situation.In this game, well.First you choose a Deck which contents you do not know, except the starting color/s.I went for a black one which had the description about leeching life away.Found that pretty cool, since I have a mono-black Deck in real life which just works on draining away the opponents life.What did I get in this game? A white/black deck which is WEAK, and I mean really really really WEAK!Like so many comments before: You have to be darn lucky with your opening hand or how you draw, or you can just quit right away and save yourself some 20-30mins painful playing time where you somehow hope you might still turn things around, cause in most cases you just won't!Like I said, I'm not a pro, but I've been playing the game for about 20 years and I feel totally gutted in here.It has nothing to do with your skill, your starting Deck is just sooo weak.By now I set it on Mage, just so I can play a bit and I still sometimes lose without a glimmer for a chance.I was hoping to unlock a bit more cards and yes, you do, but it takes a long time.The RNG for drawing new cards and strong cards I could live with, but first you go through such a painful game to actually win (otherwise no Booster Pack) and then you usually get the same cards over and over again, which don't really strengthen your Deck.Checking the list of possible cards and where they from you think it's possible, but you're so tempted to buy your easy way out you lose your ability to think rational....And what the heck is the section ""Premium Cards"" which has some really cool cards?Do I HAVE to buy premium boosters just to get those? Or have a chance for those?No, that's not okay, not at all.The menu style is from some of the previous games, and at first glance it looks nice, but I really don't want a slow responsive menu and where I have to click 4x ""back"" only to get to the main menu.The 2014 menu was simple, but fast responsive and decent enough.This one is just terrible - graphics are simply not everything.Multiplayer, well, where's 2 Headed Giant? And where are some other cool game modi like Arch-Enemy. I thought they'd come up with something nice again but this time it just has FFA (or I'm too blind to find a way to change it).I'm happy I just pre-ordered the normal version of the game, I think I'd spend a week crying if I bought the complete bundle... at least.So final conclusion: Hands off! Don't buy it, don't support this. I love MtG, supoort it :P But not THIS game.If you want an OK digital version of MtG, go with the 2014 one, that one is okay and even though you're quite limited, it is fun.Sorry for the wall of text - rant over now.And thank you for reading it (if anyone did :P)Update:I completed the single player story now and even played as much as to unlock all cards from all plains.88% complete, just missing the cards from the premium boosters.So now I'll just deinstall it and that's it.Yes, the Deck Building is awesome.But having to spend ~20€ just to unlock all cards isn't enjoyable.In the previous game you could unlock everything by just playing.And that's how it should be.I don't mind paying a couple of € for extra content (Expansion Pack, Deck Packs), but Premium Boosters? No, if I buy a game, I want to have full access to everything and not feel forced to pay extra just to get 100% completion.If they made it so you can get Premium Boosters by winning in multiplayer only, okay, that would have been acceptable too.Asking for money: Just NO!So now I feel disgusted whenever I log into the game and know I'll have never 100% of all cards cause I refuse to pay.Also without 2HG multiplayer is not appealing to me at all, since I was never a fan of FFA.In real life yes, but not in this game.Unless they fix at least one of those issues I'll probably not play it again.Sorry for 2nd rant :P"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282153,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Martin Shkreli,"I pre-ordered your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to be told I have to wait to use my own pre-ordered content? You're forcing me, the paying customer who put money towards your company, to wait before I can use the content that you said I can have...? I'm FURIOUS. Why isn't this said in the description for pre-purchasing? I feel like I was scammed. Also, how can you take out 2HG? WHO COMPLAINED ABOUT THAT? Didn't we want a faster UI? WHERE IS THAT? I'm disgusted by this money hungry madness. I just don't understand how a development team could think that this is even sort of okay. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Wizards. You're only losing customers by doing♥♥♥♥♥♥like this. I'm a huge magic player in real life, I buy tons of cards and such. I'm so dissapointed with this and I hope you guys will read our complaints. But who cares right? You got your paychecks. I DO NOT recommend this game to anyone. M14 was much better. PS card pool sucks, restrictions you put on the already bad card pool makes for worse. How could you not even put in some of the cards that make M15 so great? Royal screw it, this game is such a screw up."
76561197973477484,Not Recommended,255420,11286140,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[PwN] Fysope,Complete and utter crap. User interface is even worse than 2014 and most of your playtime you are forced to watch horribly slow animations.  Menus are horrible also.
,Not Recommended,255420,11297334,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Cavalier of Crapulence,"The menus and the transitions are slow as hell, and it`s not my computer`s fault, they are designed that way, so the game flows miserably.I played one hour and got bored of waiting. This game  sucked.I will play some more and will edit this review later. I sincerely hope there is a patch coming to speed things along.--Update--After playing some hours of this game and finishing the campaign, I now have some positive things to say about the game. Mainly the deck builder, that offers you the chance to build some great decks and of a good variety.I still would not recommend this game before a patch could make the in game transitions and scenes faster or skipable."
,Not Recommended,255420,11283629,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Aspen,"The actual Magic games are fun, but the game itself is a pain to use and you have to pay extra for boosters that are meaningless."
,Not Recommended,255420,11672403,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Homu-homu,"You'll be playing the waiting game more than MTG.  Waiting for the menus to scroll, waiting for the menus to load, waiting for the AI to think about its turn, waiting for the timer.  Previous editions went much smoother, and it was much easier to restart a duel (who on earth would think making me click start when I already said I want to play again immediately?).The ability to completely customize your deck sounds like a good idea, and we've been clamoring for it since the first DotP, but the selection of cards is severely limited compared to what it was before.  I guaruntee you won't be able to make a deck you like better than your favorite from 2014.  No Two-Headed Giant or Puzzles just add insult to injury.Save yourself some money and stick to previous editions.  Maybe DLC will make it better, but it's not close to worth it right now."
76561198072098652,Not Recommended,255420,11280157,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,I Don't Sia Point,"Until they implement 2v2 multiplayer in this game, I (and people who actually want to play WITH rather than against their friends) have literally no reason to play this game at all. Patch, refund, or riot."
76561198043791212,Not Recommended,255420,11281172,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Suicid3grunt,"The game is pretty horrendous at this point. If you want a decent MTG game, get 2014.It actually is fun and not trying to steal money from players. The game has really poor menus, and the fact that they took out one of the most predominant and most played features of the game almost makes me regret buying it.I am extremely dissapointed with this game.3/10"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282768,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ahiwr,Unfortunetly the starter decks and vanilla cards you unlock are... underwhelming...The AI is strong and use far more powerful decks. Essentially pushing you to buy the collection packs.(which can only be obtained after fighting avacyn)Sorry WotC but this is just too P2W for me.
76561198027494682,Not Recommended,255420,11280014,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ViciousRichter,"For what I expected it is terrible.What it offers-*Construction of your own decks. At the start of the game it has you choose a combination of two colors to create a deck.*An insight to the story of the MTG universe for those that don't read the books.*A tutorial to learning MTG and construction of MTG.*A campaign expanding five planes with about five matches each. This totals to around 25-30 duels.*Online competitive play with up to four people.Pros-*(Can be) cheap alternative to playing the actual card game.*Construction of your own deck(s).*Quick way to get some games in if you don't have people to play with or don't want to drive to a nearby MTG store.Cons-*No premade decks to play as. Only to play against. This forces you to grind up for your cards in order to play online efficiently.*The deck building is pay to win. Premium boosters can be bought that include cards you cannot get normally. This is slightly adjusted as you can only have a certain number of copies for any one card (4 copies of any common, 3 for uncommon, 2 for rare, 1 for mythic).*No two headed giant.This is the 2v2 mode that has been offered in every DOTP game until now and was a huge reason for me to buy it.*The menus of the game are awful. I don't have too much of a problem with this because I use a keyboard but when I do I am easily frustrated.*The decks you are given are just terrible. Consisting of only commons (from my experience) which requires you to get all of your good cards from boosters.*Some of the opening draws you have will force you to restart the duel.Overall, if your looking for a solo experience of playing against other players with a custom deck you may want to give this a try.But if your like me (and many other MTG players) you will want to play this game 2v2 with your friend against others in two headed giant mode which this game DOES NOT OFFER. I could deal with every other flaw in this game if it had two headed giant but it does not."
,Not Recommended,255420,11282864,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,russelbutt,"It's so buggy and even after you pay $34.99--yes, I'm one of the suckers that paid for the ""Complete Bundle""--you're still only unlocking 84% of the card database.  What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t advertising is that?!  Oh, and they also took out Two-Headed-Giant mode and didn't even bother replacing it with another alternate game type like Planechase or Archenemy.  Stick to any of the earlier versions, M14 and M13 are much better.The only positive I can see is that this iteration finally lets you build your own deck from scratch.  Maybe they'll iron out the bugs later on, but the pay-to-win model in this game is complete garbage.  This is coming from someone who started playing Magic around the Tempest/Urza's Saga block."
,Not Recommended,255420,21042949,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Katabami,"A broken, unplayable mess that lacks basic features from previous iterations and will let the AI cheat constantly. It introduces cards that you will never be able to use, its system for balancing is rarity (which is totally apart from anything Wizards of the Coast ever intended) and the interface is clearly designed for tablets instead of actual PCs. A more balanced, more creative improvement from Magic 2014, this game is still lacking the basics of a true MtG experience.But like monopoly, the fun is in playing with 3 of your friends and getting mad at them for playing like morons. Thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,255420,11361067,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,manel_coutinho,"Definitely the worst Duels of the Planeswalkers game...This game is MADE TO PLAY ONLINE, since the idea is that you make your own deck from the boosters that you get during the campaign. The problem is, that anyone CAN BUY SPECIFIC CARDS that you don't get on the campaign, making the online victory something harder an unfair. So if you like PAY MORE MONEY TO WIN, then this is a game for you!Campaign - The campaign is just a mess: there are about 16 matches, and then there is the final boss. The boss itself is not that hard, but after you win, you have to fight him again, and now he has better cards. On this new match, if you lose or restart duel, you go back again, and you have to fight the inicial boss again and then the renewed boss. This doesn't mean that the final boss is harder, it just means that you have to play more and more to win.Decks - everyone likes the idea of making your own deck, which this game has. You begin the game with choosing two colors (one main color and another to help it). The problem is that you keep this two colors till the end of the game, which means you have to win every game WITH ONE DECK. After winning a game you get boosters, but this system is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, because you'll encounter enemies that don't fit your deck - which means you'll play again and again till you're lucky with your cards and the enemy is unlucky with his.Final Boss and other game modes - since the magic 2012 that the final bosses are becoming easier and easier. This one is not hard, it's just plain stupid that you have to play him twice and win both times - it doesn't mean his hard, it just means that  if you don't get good cards, you have to start all over again. Apart from the 16 matches, you have NOTHING MORE. No TWO HEADED GIANT. No ARCHENEMY. NO CHALLENGES. NO GETTING NEW DECKS, JUST ONE DECK FOR WHOLE CAMPAIGN.This game is a step backwards in the saga..."
76561197968375469,Not Recommended,255420,11672983,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Deflin,"To bad, I expected a lot of this game but WotC truly f'ed up with this one. I really hope DLC's or updates will make it all better (add 2HG, planechase, coop, etc) but I'm not really sure if I want to spend more money on this game..."
76561198025256990,Not Recommended,255420,11278805,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ibn-La'Ahad,"They have changed and improved a lot of things. Very pleasant to see. But as always when new nice things are going in, they are wasting old great stuff.I was very happy about playing this release until... I realised that ""Two headed giant"" mode was taken out of the game.Waste of time and money if your goal was to crash oppononets with your friend next to you."
,Not Recommended,255420,11315092,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Adrienne Lilith Nightraven,So to reiterate what everyone else has said... there are bad things.Deckbuilding is nice but everything else is awful.
,Not Recommended,255420,11281938,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ranic,This game makes my face so sad
76561198040053709,Not Recommended,255420,30523421,Posted: 15 March,all,AenaoS,"MTG fan since Urza era.this game is another method for WoC to make money.+Prosthe illusion of deck buildingreminded my why i switched to FFG's A Game of Thrones which always announces the contents of its booster packs and   the game is competative and relies just on wits and skill instead of how much money you invest in it-Cons-needs hours upon hours of booster pack grinding which you only get through the campain or online gaming which both  i despise, so if youre a single player guy, this game is a no-no. Campaign is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ broken since you start from scratch and the pc already has legendary cards which get summoned in a really ""conveniently"" rate. I seriously doubt that drawing cards is randomly generated since i get my first 10 cards to be mostly land cards at least 3 or four times a day-too many ads about how you can spend more money on this game if you actually have a life and cant grind those tottaly random packs e.g card unlocks, deck unlocks, expansion etc etc . WoC must have been schooled by EA or something.in conclusion : this game is insulting"
76561198106981731,Not Recommended,255420,11460977,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,OR2008,"The reviews of Magic 2015, here on steam and throughout the interwebs, have been unanimously negative. I agree with the overall sentiment of said reviews, with special disdain for the increased amount of micro transactions sprinkled throughout the game. Every iteration of Magic since 2012 has had micro transactions as a way to decrease the amount of grinding necessary to unlock cards, but what's interesting about this iteration is that the campaign play-through, including completing every ""exploration"" for every plane will unlock most of the cards with very little grinding necessary thereafter. WotC has charged more for unlocking less. The plan, from my perspective, was to lock the player's deck choice, forcing battle after battle against AI opponents with powerful decks while utilizing the weakest form of whichever deck the user selected. The player then is confronted with two choices: sit through loss after loss (you'll lose a lot in the beginning btw) and slowly unlock cards through boosters (some of which may or may not have anything to do with your deck archetype) or pay 20 dollars to unlock every card available in a booster pack normally unlocked through winning matches. There are also cards that can only be unlocked by purchasing premium booster packs.What one gets from the purchase of Magic 2015 are the campaign, cards, and the ability to fully customize one's deck. Multiplayer has been severely truncated and only now consists of 1v1, 1v1v1, and 1v1v1v1. The removal of Two-headed giant was extremely disappointing to say the least, but I have recently learned that one team can only have a total of 4 of the same card. I don't know much beyond that when it comes to multiplayer rules governing the universe of magic however. Challenge mode has been removed as a category and implemented within the achievements. The issues is that instead of clicking on a challenge without having to worry about decks, one may need to rework one's deck to complete these challenges because specific cards must be utilized. For example, one ""challenge"" requires one to kill an angel with Shadowborn Demon. If you don't use a deck that includes black mana, you'll have to modify. Unfortunately, there is only 1 Shadowborn Demon card in this game, making the completion of this achievement based largely on luck and staying power (if the card is pulled late game). I use life-gain by default so I got lucky because I was able to build up enough life to withstand the onslaught; but most of the creatures cast by Avacyn are flying and if decks have no way of dealing with that, it will be a grind.The animation on every screen is terribly long. Choosing to go forward to another plane or back to the main menu is a chore because the animation cannot be overridden or skipped and it cycles through every choice before going to the first one. For example, if one wishes to go back to the main menu, by clicking ""Esc"", to play multiplayer, the animation will start at the end of the selection and work its way down to the first selection. Check the status of your card collection? That selection is close to the end, so one must wait until the animation completes, cycle to ""Card Collection"", click it, and wait as the animation cycles through the other choices (about half a second), load, and then display the card collection.All in all, what one ispayingfor is full deck customization. It's an extremely high price to say the least. It almost feels like a punishment; WotC gave us what we wanted but had to take back other things to justify the action."
76561198144111113,Not Recommended,255420,11509475,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dmonic-Cronic,"DO not purchase this game if you actually like to play magic. Unfortunately i bought all the cards and it was sad how much i paid for, there is garbage for card selection and the gameplay really blows. I'm Very displeased and wish i could get a refund but ill just delete it instead."
,Not Recommended,255420,11847243,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Fukusei,"I love how the game skips your turns!AI gets what it wants every time AND you dont get a main phase 50% of the time!!Should have spent the money on beer, would have been a better investment."
76561198032478618,Not Recommended,255420,11517023,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,j9ay9t5,"Recommendations can be a mixed affair. Would I recommend this game to me? Yes. It isn't expensive and I like the grind of playing through matches to collect all the card even more than multiplayer. I've enjoyed to some extent every release of the game. Would I recommend this game to any Magic: the Gathering player or gamer in general? No.The deck building option is the best feature of this game. Any card you have can now be put into any deck you want. And you can create any deck you want. You get more cards by playing games. A win gives you a booster pack of cards. Simple and it works well enough.Interface is one area where this game suffers. It's the best you could hope for a tablet game perhaps, but they didn't change it around for the PC. 'Lazy' is the word that comes to mind to describe this. It is frustrating to go through the UI knowing it could be much better for a PC.There are no other options of gameplay. The other games had Archenemy (very fun), Planechase (not so fun with computer at least), two headed giant (always nice). There is a huge format they haven't touched upon yet. Commander! My lord it is about time they made an EDH release for the game. There are several other options as well. They could have a booster draft options that use only cards in your collection. There is so much they could have done. I don't know why they sat on their hands in this.Another problem is that blizzard seems to want it both ways: charge to buy the game and charge for premium items. I know they need to monetize their product, but this is typically done through one or another. Not both. It feels lame that they keep trying. I hope none of you are buying that stuff. I'm guilting you if you are. You're encouraging bad behavior.In summary, the build your own deck model was a huge step forward for the franchise. They just made several small steps back as well. If you've bought every iteration of the game so far and enjoyed it, you will enjoy this one as well. Otherwise, this isn't exactly the polished product you want to pick up."
76561198045198130,Not Recommended,255420,11914843,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,joakim.leuhusen,"I don't like the trend in the latest Duels of the planeswalkers games (2014 and 2015).To sell boosters (sealed in 2014 and premium boosters in 2015) just feels greedy.I really miss the puzzles in the older versions of the game, why did they remove that?!I don't like the menus in the game either...What would make me happy would be if they relase booster draft as an expansion.. but then I only want to pay for expansion once.. not every time I want to play another draft!"
76561198005396532,Not Recommended,255420,11673017,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Astarthe,"I gave this version of duels a chance just like all the others before it.In regards to previous versions, it lacks some game modes, but i could live with that.Since this one gave free deck building, i thought that was about an even trade.Normal multiplayer was still there.The game itself is actually worse in terms of layout and speed then for example Duels 2014The annoying mist effect is not impressive.The hints with artwork shown in loading screens are too blotted because of the mist effect and are shown way too briefly.The music is ok, imo slightly less grating then in previous versions.However, yesterday the game completely froze and i had to restart my computer and now all my progress is gone.How the hell is something like this possible?TL DRprosdecent musicfree deck buildingconsapparently its possible to lose your entire progress without any fault on your own part.no other modes but standard magic multiplayerannoying layout, both slow and unresponsive at timesverdict:besides the free deck building dont bother with this one"
76561197976146528,Not Recommended,255420,11678111,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PkTechGuy,"THIS GAME IS A MICRO TRANSACTION SCAMIve been a fan of MTG Duels of the Planeswalkers since 2012 and up to this release Ive found them to be enjoyable.However, the 2015 release is a scam.  This game has even fewer play modes then the 2014 release and most of the content requires microtransactions.  For $10.00 you get one very basic deck.  Going through the mundane campaign allows access to booster decks that will provide few to no additional deck building options and are largely made up of unneeded duplicates.  To get access to any of the advanced cards that themed decks are centered around you have to pay $2.00 per booster.If i wanted to pay $100 for a playable game I would have bought the real cards.  I bought this product with the intention (based on previous editions) to enjoy the new content without having to commit the amount of money that the real card game requires.  Atleast the real cards have the possibility of some resell value."
,Not Recommended,255420,11471809,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Devious Diglett,Game crashes constantly.
76561198015154277,Not Recommended,255420,11568414,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,braeburn1985,I Just found out that the only way to unlock the complete collection of cards is to spend twice as much as i already regret spending in the first place instead of playing to unlock cards like previous versions.  I severely hope i learn my lesson and i dont waste another 10 dollars on this worthless game next year.
,Not Recommended,255420,11914140,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Uberjew666,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Computer cheats at every oppotunity.Do not recommend.
76561198011637985,Not Recommended,255420,11280219,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hewhoeatspie,"Forced tutorials no matter what initial skill level you enter, and if you bought one of the more expensive bundles you don't get to use any of the stuff you paid for until you finished the first part of the campaign.Over all game is really slow, campaign is scripted, multiplayer would probably be fun, but I don't have the time or patience to play through all of the tutorials and the first part of campaign. Also, once you choose your deck after tutorial, you are stuck with that deck until you finish the first part of the campaign.The game was made and designed for people who have no idea what magic is, and forcefully treats experienced players like idiots.Game is a solid 6/10, only reason it is that high is because I'm sure the multiplayer would be fun if you could put up with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to get to play it."
76561197983499022,Not Recommended,255420,11298010,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,OverSkilled,"Your money is better spent on boosters in Hearthstone (I wish I did). I bought the game but I don't get all the cards unless I pay even more for premium boosters, and yes most of those cards are very strong. The cards in the game are so random that making a true theme is impossible. 2014 had themed decks like equipment, auras, white weenie, and tribal like slivers, zombie, elves etc. Making a deck that has synergy in 2015 is very hard. DO NOT buy this game and try Hearthstone instead. Hearthstone is free and your able to get ALL cards without having to pay a penny."
,Not Recommended,255420,11298034,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,toxiczombiex,"Fancy Graphics but poor execution.The menus are cluttered with fancy graphics and the interface isnt exactly straightforward. There is no multiplayer lobby, nor two-headed giant or any new kind of playstyle. Every time you go to a new screen, be it a menu, or selecting an option, there is a bright flash of white as the ""mist"" takes you there. There is nothing that tells you how unlocking new decks work. It takes you several hours of gameplay to unlock those decks, then there is no notification as to when you unlock them. The AI stalls a lot. The new combat graphic where the table opens up was cool the first few times, but it got annoying really quick.tl;dr+Nice look+Can customize decks properly finaly-Everything is cluttered and slow-No fun multiplayer games-No multiplayer lobby, have to reinvite over and over again"
76561197964277825,Not Recommended,255420,11297955,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Norbuck,Its Bad.. Real Bad... Considering a refund BAD!!!!
,Not Recommended,255420,11286207,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Pirate GDBLiam,worst magic gamei only ever played 2 Headed Giant withs friends or AI but its been removedp.s plz add it back in
,Not Recommended,255420,11287385,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,E_Motion,"After tons of hours of fun in Magic 2014, I decided to preorder Magic 2015, thinking it could only be better than the previous version. After only a couple of hours of play, I've come to the conclusion that Magic 2015 is a lot worse.There ARE some improvements compared to 2014, but overall this game is nowhere near as good as its predecessor.The goodFinally, proper deck building! You start the game out (after the tutorials) choosing a mana color, after which it gives you a choice of starting decks that are a combination of your chosen color with another mana color. The starting deck is not bad, it's at least enough to get started earning extra boosters by playing the game, improving your deck by playing.The deck builder actually works pretty well, giving you stats on the colors in your deck and how many cards of each color you have, your land/spell ratio and graphs on how many cards you have per mana cost, allowing you to easily optimize and save your decks.Very slick presentation, both in menus and ingameIt's MtG and plays as MtGCheap option for new players to get into MtG and see what it's all about without having to spend a fortune on booster packs (though you canif you want)The badNo fancy game modes or coop in multiplayer, just straight 1v1 or 1v1v1 or 1v1v1v1 free-for-alls, and no local multiplayer either. For me, especially the omission of 2HG is a big negative, seeing as that's pretty much the only game mode for me.The best cards are only in paid packs, making this more Pay2Win than it should.AI has a bit too much luck in having/drawing just the right cards that it needsEven though the menus and game look very slick, it slows down the game a bit too much. You can't just click on the menu option you want anymore, you have to scroll through the menu animations. Same with the table 'opening up' every combat phase regardless if you or the AI even does something there. All small delays, but these do add upIf you're new to MtG and want to try it out, i'd recommend going for one of the earlier versions instead, the only thing you'll miss is the deck building.If you played earlier versions, skip this and wait for 2016."
76561198086290098,Not Recommended,255420,11289494,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MasterOfYaoi,"Probably the worst dotp ever.The first thing i noticed was the white, so much white you'd think your playing mono white.THAT resolution, there are only two options 4:3 1024 X 768 and and 16:9 ----When you start the game your going to go trough some tutorials after that you get to chose betwen two color combinations and fight a ''boss'' for your promo(basicaly a rare whose color is dependent on what colors you chose) i chose Black and White,the cards i started whith were simple,but thats fine since this game is supose to introduse you to the basics of M:tg.The way you gain cards is by going trough the campaign and exploring planes(you unlock more by progresing the campaing)I played on Archmage(medium) dificulty, it was slightly harder than the other intalments for the sole reason of lack of sinergie early, what you get is basicly a bunch of comons that have litle to no sinergyI found the new U.I. much worse than previous iterations, its much whitch in turn means less space fore other fings such as the beutifull art on some of the cards.The final boss fight is bad, its like stainles can't make a fun and fair final boss fight, in 2013 bolas had moxes(Free artifacts that giff him mana), in 2014 it was to easy since chandra helped you, and here you have to beat him twice in a row and WHAT DO YOU GET?! Not a thing this was fine in previus iterations beackuse you did not have random bosters, but now it just feals like after all your hard work Sorin(who tells you GO STOP GARUK) could have atleast shown you some hiden treasure trove of cards(or atlest he could have apered and said THANKS BRO)STORY IS GO STOP GARUK(As you can see its an extremly emotional and commpeling story)All in all id say skip this one and buy duels 2013 or 2014"
,Not Recommended,255420,11298190,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Smilin' Cypher,"Don't buy it unless you're prepared to spend a lot of money on it.Can't change deck after first choice.Can't restart campaign.Only way to get new deck is to build one from scratch with cards you've acquired from campaign games you've won.Bad controls.Slow, chugging engine.Just bad.2/10 Regret buying."
76561197975218699,Not Recommended,255420,11284971,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Quackmaster,"I've been a fan of magic since I was a child, both the card game and more recently the digital games. I've owned and played 2012, and 2014. And in comparison, put bluntly this game is both a postive and a let down. The ability to finally have your own personal deck is great, even though getting your personal deck can take a lot of time. What they dropped the ball on is modes. They've the basic and just a base multiplayer. Again they've dropped the co-op modes, they dropped the two-headed giant, and still haven't brought back arch enemy. Me and my friends loved these modes because it brought a little extra strat, and we got to work together. Unless your a die hard magic fan I would not recommend this game."
76561198083887194,Not Recommended,255420,11297435,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,sduppleganger,"I've been a Magic player for 20 years now, almost since the very beginning. I love the card game, its intricacies and depth, which puts to shame other trading card games like Hearthstone at the moment. There's so much work behind each set, it's nothing less than amazing.Sadly, Wizards seems determined to destory all of their reputation with their DotP series, and this is one of the top fails.It is curious to me that throughout each and every iteration of DotP, I've felt as if the games were beta versions at best. They had an unfinished feel to them: as if they were not tested by actual players, but only by the developers blind to their own shortcomings. This game has exactly the same feel, but worse. The menus are horrible to interact with. They're slow, unresponsive, inelegant. The system and the game itself is slow even on my new computer, the AI is taking the wrong decisions, and the land tapping is messed-up so that whenever I want to cast a spell I have to manually adjust the lands being tapped, or the wrong lands would be chosen.Now compare this to Blizzard's Hearthstone slick inteface, their attention to every minute detail (even when you need to wait for online players to connect, there's a 'wheel of fortune' that revolves with good music, so that you feel like you're actually doing something), and their willingness to actually change the format by ignoring things like 'lands' and thus making the game less dependant on chance and shuffling than MtG.I used to think that Wizards could've made the DotP series much better, but they didn't want to because they simply don't want players to be hooked up on DotP as opposed to Magic Online. This is no longer the case, or not completely. For games as badly wrought out as DotP 2015, which 1st year design students (or anyone with skill...) could probably have designed better, I must come to the conclusion that Wizards just couldn't find someone competent enough to program it for them. Obviously, there is a management fluke somewhere here, and it reflects on what Wizards think of their audience. That's us.When somone in the street asks for my money and then screws me over, I will not buy from them again. When a company asks for money to create a game, and then provides me with a shabby, barely-coherent result, I will not buy from them again. And I do not see any reason to buy DotP 2016 (or for you, kind readers, to buy DotP 2015) before Wizards have shown their commitment to the player base and the game by fixing the huge, glaring problems with DotP 2015.Sad that I do not believe this will happen."
,Not Recommended,255420,11299353,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,thedude,"I'm kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I paid money for this game. In short, it blows. You can't switch decks at all after the tutorial, unlike previous games, so you're locked in to whatever deck you chose after the tutorial, and in my case, I couldn't even beat the first level, because my opponent was both a.) more lucky than me and b.) way overpowered. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198031165251,Not Recommended,255420,11297256,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Andrew,In previous versions you could unlock all the cards by playing or paying. In this version there are cards you unlock by playing or paying but there are also cards you can only get by paying.They did this sort of before with selling extra decks after a while but those were pretty cheap(less then the game for all of them). In this one the extra packs cost almost 3 times what the game does and they are day 1 dlc.The complete edition despite the name does not include the extra boosters which cost an extra 26$.
76561198036594740,Not Recommended,255420,11299490,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,MarcusCato,"This is trash - do not buy this game if you were a fan of the previous Magic computer releases. (Even fans of the card game in general will find this clunky and a waste of time & money.)For starters, unlike all of the others there are no two headed giant options, so multiplayer is confined to FFA - no more teaming up with your friends and strangers online, for a more enjoyable experience. Half the fun of this was comboing some of their better premade decks. It seems the people who developed this game♥♥♥♥♥♥out a Magic release as fast as possible, hoping that their buyer's would be sold solely on a deck making system (which in my opinion is lacking itself, there's so little cards here what's the ♥♥♥♥ing point. And hello, we can't choose our decks before each game? We have to go through a clunky annoying UI and re-equip them.) Why would they even add that?This game shows no foresight, they've failed to learn from any of their mistakes in the previous makes - save perhaps, I've yet to encounter a bug. And the previous Magic releases were notoriously spring loaded with mishaps and bad coding. Where certain abilities of cards would just crash the game all together. This title escapes that, but falls short in it's own ways - which show no thought what so ever.I'd make a list of the pro's and con's, but since this is a stand alone title and I have to compare it to it's predecesors, which of course my expectations were based on. I can find 0 pro's to this game. It's an absolute waste of time and money.CONS; NO 2 V 2, NO SPECIAL GAME MODE (Like Archenemy or Planechase) CLUNKY AND FRANKLY RIDICULOUS USER INTERFACE. CAMPAIGN IS REPETITIVE AND SEEMS TO BE ALL THEY THOUGHT THIS GAME WOULD BE, WHEN WE'VE HAD THE SAME BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥MAGIC CAMPAIGN FOR NEARLY EVERY RELEASE.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE ANY COMMON SENSE.Sorry developers for being so crass, but your game is a flaming piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥- and I wish I had my money back."
76561198066158739,Not Recommended,255420,11290597,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RJMJR,Why would they take out 2Headed Giant?Dont buy this game
76561198028189903,Not Recommended,255420,11278915,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Nurglette,Small card pool and a bad card pool.
76561198041816797,Not Recommended,255420,11836613,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Wallaby,Worst magic game yet.
,Not Recommended,255420,11279125,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,dirtybear,"This game sucks, terrible starter decks, bad menus, and NO 2HG??? what were they thinking? uninstalling until at least 2hg is put inEdit: my power just went out and i lost 2 hours worth of campaign progress, despite having clicked ""save and quit"" on the deck editor multiple times.  yes, power outages can reset progress if it hasnt been saved but seriously what do i have to do to save progress?!"
76561198045351685,Not Recommended,255420,11280454,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Overlord of Utopia,Plays best on Alienware my♥♥♥♥♥ It just keeps crashing! I guess Alienware laptop is not good enough for MTG. It took me half an hour to be able to play for 5 minutes and leave this review.
76561198034180371,Not Recommended,255420,11284373,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Johnny Desolation,"Complete and utter garbage, and i've bought every one of these games since release. ""YAY DECKBUILDING, BTW PAY US FOR BOOSTERS"" /obviousmoneygrabisobvious"
76561198068993407,Not Recommended,255420,11283686,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,LCpl. AngryBullbog,Pros- Custom Decks FinallyCons- Menus are so dodgey to navigateStarting decks are terribleBooster Packs are terrible and makes it hard to advance through the campaign especially Vs Sliver Hive2 Headed Giant has been removed.
,Not Recommended,255420,11288593,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Diegobah,"Unfortunately this feels like a step backwards from 2014. The game menu has been prettified in a way that slows choosing items and is painful overall.Multiplayer..""You cannot play multiplayer until you have defeated the Innistrad boss""....WTF..ok..couple of hours later...click multiplayer, click custom game, CRASH.WHERE IS TWO HEADED GIANT GAME MODE????? 2v2...GONE!!!!  I cannot believe they would remove this game mode. There is only 2,3, or 4 player FFA modes with no teams apparent.The card unlock reward system has been replaced by boosters and to me this doesnt really translate well to the game. Having many varied premade decks in 2014 with 40 unlocks each for customisation allows more varied gameplay despite effectively being a restriction...next game..change deck..next game..change deck..no longer in 2015."
76561198021645845,Not Recommended,255420,11282316,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Talos,Stick to Hearthstone.This has a new art style but just comes across as a clunky UI. I'm also annoyed because I payed for the complete edition but only received the basic. Minimum effort.
,Not Recommended,255420,11278246,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Timtano,"By far the weakest game in the series.  If you don't own the previous years, buy any of them instead.  This feels like half a game compared to them.  There is no Two Headed Giant, there is no special mode like planechase or archenemy.   The bosses have cool decks and you can continue to play against them as AI, but most of those cards don't seem to be in the set you can use so your own deck doesn't feel as interesting.  At least last year when they had sealed play there was the entire other side of things with the preconstructed decks, it feels like there should have been something like that here.It doesn't help that this year didn't offer anything new to offset the lack of a special mode.  You have a completely customizable deck, but all your cards are just randomely given to you from boosters.  I preferred getting a single card every time I won that was at least mildly useful to the deck.  Over time I could unlock all the cards that would make my deck better, but that's left up to chance or by paying money, and while I spent hundreds of hours playing last year's game this year doesn't seem like it will even hold my interest for the next few days."
,Not Recommended,255420,11279074,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jerot,"Between the description of the game and DLC, I was lead to believe it would unlock additional cards not included in the base campaign. As it turns out, it only unlocks all the cards already in the campaign for free for you, after defeating the first chapter.I would not recommend the DLC or Special Edition.As for the base game, it does include an open deck editor. The problem is you don't really get much more customization then previous iterations of the series, So long as you are focused on one or two colors your options for synergistic cards aren't really much better than the old closed deck system (Re: Actually feels like less choices). In addition, you appear to be locked into a single deck after selecting a color at the beginning. This lead to a little frustration as the last fight in the first chapter included a hard counter to my choice and lead to several restarts before a victory was possible with the cards available.  Normally such a challenge would prompt me to switch to a different color deck, change my playstyle, and unlock more cards for a different deck. (In previous DotP games) however here I was forced to face roll and restart-mulligan my way to a cheap victory. And now if I want to switch to a different color, It appears I would have to do up to 60 random encounters to unlock all the cards I would want for the deck first, (At least I assume thats how it would work, I never got to unlock singles from exploring because of the DLC deception)In addition to this, its is impossible to complete the entire card library without dropping even more money on now RANDOM card packs as some cards are exclusive to Premium Packs available for $1.99 each. (12% of cards can only be bought) Buying new decks was acceptable in my books, but random cards? I would rather play physical magic or MTGO.The UI while stylish is a pain to navigate, you are unable to see all the options without scrolling through them one by one. Automatic land tapping is a joke, you have to turn it off and tap manually or it will lock out colors needlessly which wasn't an issue in previous games. The tutorial was much more in-depth this time around, but it felt very long even when skipping through all the dialouge and several times it missed easy damage or had sub-optimal plays that might lead less experienced players into bad habits.If you don't already own Duels of the Planeswalkers, I would probably buy a previous years version over this one."
,Not Recommended,255420,11286959,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"The UI is still horrible and makes playing it a painful, tedious experience. It's also clearly not developed primarily for the PC."
,Not Recommended,255420,11280493,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,♛ King Felix ♛,♥♥♥♥ing no 2HG
76561198087272893,Not Recommended,255420,11281314,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,alchamist242,BE WARNED NO TWO HEADED GIANT IN 2015!!! OH WELL BACK TO 2014. HOPEFULLY THEY COME TO THERE SENSES AND ADD IT BACK IN. (SHAKE MY HEAD)
,Not Recommended,255420,20901056,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Luminarise,Don't.
,Not Recommended,255420,11277846,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,VENI VIDI VICI,"Can not change decks, what a stupid game!"
,Recommended,255420,12170670,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,TesseracT,"This game has potential, it really does. However the overall negative outweigh the positives. The core issues are mostly related to that it was designed for mobile first, and PC second. The UI, game play, and animations are all hindered massively by this.It has a very limited card pool of around 300 or so cards, and this leaves the possibility for designing viable decks pretty small.I enjoy playing magic, however this game has many bugs, I would consider it only if you are new to the series. 5/10** EDIT**After the Nov 4th update the game has been updated for the better, many of the key points were addressed. New cards have been added that changed up the meta of the game and the pricing structure was re done.I am updating my review to 7/10"
,Not Recommended,255420,12457230,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mishra Udani,weak weak sauce shame on you wizards
76561197999710199,Not Recommended,255420,11407259,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kagemusha,"Such a backwards step from the previous 2014 title offering.- No 2 headed Giant (the primary multiplayer mode for most, why was this removed as a feature?!) Its the main reason i have over 100 hours played on DotP2014- Poor card pool selection, sure they added the much requested deck builder tool into this game but its with such a lacklustre card pool that deck construction can only really follow their intended pre build deck archetypes with no real other options that would be competitive.- Suspect deck shuffling that seems to give very bizzare results of 10 land draws in a row even happened when i was running just 22 in a 60 card deck! Losing and winning all feels far more down to card draw chance and less about your card selections and skilled plays that it's redundant.- A poor campaign that sees you fight yet more gimmicky encounters and less ""proper"" MTG opponent decks, where a single strategy is spammed at you until you can overcome it which usually requires deck re-editing and scrapping the barrel of your currently unlocked card pool looking for decent counter cards (then praying you draw them; read as "" hit restart 5 times till you win"")-Card unlocking and campaign feel more like a grind than ever before with the ""reward"" of opening boosters to find that you rarely get anything that complements your deck .(I went through 6 booster unlocks in a row once till i found any cards appropriate to enchance my deck I had chosen)-A barebones multiplayer that gives minimal modes and where you can't even change your deck selection without backing out of the lobby again- Bugs still present albeit better than previous offerings (why the game crashes out when i choose custom match in the multiplayer lobby 75% of the time I do not know)- Poor cards choice and terrible tutorial that you are forced through even if you are a MTG veteran like myself.- Lack of modes (2 headed giant removed as well as the challenges from previous titles in the series)Overall:I wish I had not purchased this game and found out about some of these changes before blindly buying this product fasely assuming that all the features of the previous title would be present.DO NOT PURCHASE, if you wish to have a good Magic: The Gathering experience I would highly reccommend DotP 2014 if you do not own it already.Unless they patch the game to increase card pool offerings and options and add in the missing modes I will not be returning to this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11472624,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Drift.it,"The game works fine, and is fun when you actually do well against an opponent, but otherwise its a complete grind fest. This game isn't fun when you start. Not even a little. I've been playing MTG for many years and I seem to be losing tons of games against the computer set at the easiest difficulty. The reason? You start with a garbage deck and then get a lot of garbage cards in booster packs that you win. Unless you have tons of time to waste on this game, Hearthstone is more worth your time.5/10."
,Not Recommended,255420,11542549,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,aerialbay,"Huge step down from previous Magic games.  Interface is very slow and buggy.  Decks are not as strongly themed, and kind of annoying to assemble (although is somewhat mitigated by ability to create customized decks).  The archenemy and planechase modes of 2012-2013 were really the height of new concepts, and have stopped innovating since."
,Not Recommended,255420,11501757,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Nickman,What the hell happened this year? Terrible starting decks and additional charge for cards ontop of the upfront game price? It's like they want the best of both worlds with micro$ from Magic Online and upfront game purchase of DotP. Major step backwards and with Hearthstone now on the scene they needed to be improving that much more.
,Not Recommended,255420,11854896,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Shane,"This is without a doubt the worst purchase I have ever made in my time on Steam. I played the previous incarnations of Magic and loved them, so I purchased Magic 2015 without waiting to read any reviews. I bought the standard game for $9.99. When I realized that I couldn't change my deck, I decided to go and buy the card collections for $4.99 a piece and unlock more decks.Except, it doesn't work that way.You choose one deck at the beginning and that's it. You're stuck. You cannot change this deck.It is without a doubt the worst idea I've ever heard for a game, and if it were at all possible I would ask for a refund of this game and its DLC.Shame on everyone who bought and helped develop this game.You are all going to hell."
,Not Recommended,255420,11540576,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Wathoma,"First must point out the game itself can be fun, but up to a point.Winning packs in multiplayer play was fun, but then you no longer get packs for wins.Game loses it playability once you are left with just the collection you own.The cards you can't have unless you join the pay-to-win players.You can tell a play-to-win player. Expect mana ramp,Eldrazi and Static creature pumps. So there tokens end up being 2/2 or 3/3. If you played the game you know how many token spells there are in this game.Game crashes when leaving a duel and stalls menus.Everyone mentions the interface as being bad. You need to scroll through and back through various menus to change decks and and to select differnt games.I do not suggest buying this game for people. Stick with the previous games. Nothing been improved only given a new shine.As a last note it should be known the card draws in this game are broken. I have plenty of screenshots showing messed up draws. I call it a duplicate glitch. You will draw the same cards over and over again.Opening hands will have sets and through out the game you will draw nothing else."
,Not Recommended,255420,11813828,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ericyeahright,"I'd first like to point out that the game itself, what little I could actually play of it, was actually a lot of fun but....When I got the game, didnt work. I'd start it up, get right to the main menu and it's close on its own.Mad but they did an update within a week and it started to worked for me. Yay? No.Then they did a second update or something and it stopped working for me again. None of the little tips and tricks are working for me to get it back up and running and I'm honestly pretty displeased with it all.I'd love to recommend the game to someone but it's really a hit or miss as to wether or not you'll even be able to start it up."
,Not Recommended,255420,11520488,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[L²] Overlewd,Do you like PAID games that have freaking microtransactions?I don't.#P2WDon't buy this game.
76561197972315324,Not Recommended,255420,11891318,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,powerstatb,"If you pay the $35 for this game, you will be paying to skip content. Winning games to unlock boosters is the whole point of DotP, so buying the complete version basically means you've wasted not only the extra money over the basic version, but also the money for the basic version. All. Your. Money. Wasted.The ""pick a deck, but you're stuck with it"" gimmick is bad design and the devs are bad for doing it. No preview of the decks, just a vague description that in my case was totally misleading. I chose Red->Black which was described as ""focusing on stealing your opponent's creatures and sacrificing them for fun and profit"". Yeah it was just a plain RB aggro deck with 2 Act of Treason and 2 vampires that could sacrifice creatures for a +1/+1 counter...in a 60-card deck. 4 cards does not a focus make.But that bad design was merely irritating, not game-breaking. I could live with it.The deck-building feature is good, it's about time that they added it. However, they didn't actually add it. They replaced all other features with it, for a net loss of game. Let's see what the trade off was for something that should have been a standard feature years ago:No more Two-Headed Giant, either co-op vs AI or multiplayer.No more Planechase multiplayer.No Challenge puzzles.No Sealed campaigns.Is all that worth it? Hell no.This is a blatant money-grab by Wizards, who clearly fear losing players from MTGO if they add too much actual gameplay here, which is completely stupid as the two games serve two different fanbases.I have nothing but disgust for the design decisions of this game. Definitely do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,255420,11292485,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Machine,"This is the worst magic game ever made!Please dont waste your money, start off with 1 really weak deck which makes it pretty much impossible to get throught the campaign. Soon gets really frustrating and boring playing with the same weak deck.I was a big fan off previous magic games but this 1 is a complete waste off money, stick with previous magic games this 1 is not worth anyone's time.Pro's:The game can be DELETED!!!Cons:The entire GAME!!!"
76561198156462161,Not Recommended,255420,13810944,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,czifuexe,"DONT RECOMMEND THIS . people screaming for years now to get new shandalar game from 1998@!!!!!!!!  when you can walk through real world and fight not only on table with cards but in real world , discovering caves,taverns , buying and wining,losing cards.... today people dont know or forgot what good game is@!, such a potential to make Magic real fantastic game.ANd YET they are giving us nothing new each yearI will never spend money on this and Please dont either !!!!after so many years they added option to create your own deck , enormous job! i can imagine how much time and resources it took to program that.I dont like to be rabbit runing after  carrot on stick. Sad thing is that so many people will buy this .You gusy (WotC) earnign much and same time losing a lot more just becouse you are lazy and want easy money, no thank you .pls thumbs up if you are disapointed same as I am and real fanboy of Magic card game that is in wrong hands these days in my opinion.Manu is awfull, i can understand that this is for tablet but it doeanst work for PC . Seems that they dont need well polished game >  who cares if they are working on 2016 version now so.Scrolling for desired option take ages, you need minutes not seconds , minutes to start game ...... beeing sarcastic.I really dont care about achievements , this is just another useless stuff i would do just by playing game it is just boring idea not something that entertain me. Nothing new , copy paste ideas , bag full of trash.Unlocking new avatars? what for ? they dont add anything to play ... unlocking avatar could enchant gameplay visual style or something.You shuld have atleast option how to reach Garuk , atleast two ways , this game need some real campaing with options off loseing card s (in campaing only) and  have impact on fabular events. If you lose you still have option to get to him but in different way, all of your WINS nad LOSES are part of you adventure , not some simple try again button ,.....Give something so this Fabular aspect of game can take its first breath. Dont you  red any of MTG books?Art style and animations are just normal , they dont add much .I feel its for kids not for me old fan boy with all these cheap low cost events.I bought this game and played long just to find something that will surprise, i needed that ! after many years of same game just with different cards.If they only want virtual version of magic without shandalar world like in 1998, they really should put some effort and create entertaining ideas, gameplay different styles a real Campaign .I am not against microtransaction , you can have my money but give me something worth this money.I could pay em if i see they really puted efort in this game."
76561198060451291,Not Recommended,255420,11355091,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Deathelement,This game needs alot more work. Its menu is garbage and made for a touch screen not a mouse and keyboard and they dont have enough cards to build a good deck. Want to build a elf deck? to bad they only have like 4 and they dont work that well with each other. If you want to play magic just get 2014 or wait and see if they fix the problems in updates.
76561197970543319,Not Recommended,255420,11556642,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Anarki,"Literally, the worst M:TG game to date. First you are forced to choose your colors... Which is ok in some ways, if this afflicted your boosters you earned or just gave an increase to those colors in card from boosters... But, no. it is YOUR deck. It is your predetermined deck through the campaign. Basically a deck you need to farm for since most initial decks suck♥♥♥♥♥ You will be raging at the pitiful♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to play from till you either farm cards or hopefully get lucky.Second, the UI is awful. I like graphic upgrades, but why do it to the menu? It takes twice as much to load up now and get into the game and the Ui to choose whan I want to do in game takes 3 times as long with me having to ""scroll"" to where I want to go. Why change the UI from the M""TG 2014 game with the ""easy to see all options"" menu of M:TG 2014? We are not playing this game for the graphics... Just going to throw that out there.Lastly, The game seems to ""up"" the challenge incampaign mode by just being forced into one deck. Oh, sure, you can change it after farming enough cards anyways... But you have to farm... You took away my joy of picking a deck I thought would win and counter my opponent. It was easy, yes.... But I had to think and realize which deck would be best for each campaign challenge and tailoir my deck to it. Now it's just ""restart duel"" till I get an ok hand and hope the computer does not cheat with 3 life gain cards, of the same name, in a row near the end at 2 hp while they still have 45 cards left in the deck.I can feel the need to up the challenge of campaign... But I play this game for fun as no one around me in real life plays much M:TG anymore. You are taking much of that away by forcing colored decks through out."
,Not Recommended,255420,12007190,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,matburton,"A frustrating single player makes this game hard to recommend.The AI in the campaigns mostly uses decks which are almost all creatures that buff each other, which is unintersting and makesfor a dull grid to unlock news cards.Futhermore you _must_ complete a portion of the single player campaign before you can even have a multiplayer game with your friends.There are at least less bugs than in previous incarnations of the game."
76561197970520864,Not Recommended,255420,11283548,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,LtChrist,This game is not what I had hoped for. While the compleat customization of your deks is now possable the range of cards to chose from is very small increadbly limiting even if you unlock or buy everything.
76561198006728360,Not Recommended,255420,11285923,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,dreamtrail,This game bounce back to desktop automatically every time when I click the Start button. There is no way for me to access the content. I want my money back!
76561198004242944,Not Recommended,255420,11282689,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,gammadelta,"Only played for 15 minutes and I already want a refund.  Crazily slow and clunky menu system.  Terrrible, terrible decks for the tutorial, which you have to beat to do anything else."
76561198117944044,Not Recommended,255420,11282646,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bademaster1,This game is atrocious... Every five seconds my monitor cuts to black and this game is so glitchy its unplayable. I can't seem to find a way to prevent it from acting up. I would highly recommend avoiding this game.
76561198002629345,Not Recommended,255420,11298196,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Throg,"Huge step backwards in the DotP series. I do like the option to create your own decks wich has been a request from the fans for a long time. Unfortunately, Wizards has executed this the worst way possible. The pay wall. Seems to me there are a small selection of base cards which can be unlocked through winning matches in the game. There is another pool of cards called ""Premium Cards"" which can only be unlocked by microtransactions of 1.99 per booster. I have been a huge fan of the DotP series since the first one and 2015 is a huge disapointment. On top of the pay wall issue it seems the card selection is misleading. At first it sounded like all of the cards from the last few sets would be available for deck building. That does not seem to be the case here. Only some selected cards from each set are available.They also removed two-headed giant which was a huge draw for me as these games gave me a chance to partner up with friends who live far away and play games against others.3/10"
76561197970281251,Not Recommended,255420,19139880,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,"OK, I confess, I like Magic.But these games are set up in a way that drowns out the fun while accentuating the worst parts of the game.  I would love a game where you could build a deck out of a reasonable (and growable) selection of cards and play through a single player campaign.  Instead, once again, you get to sort of slowly uncripple a few boring decks (or just get started with a sealed deck and have that mini-campaign end before it gets at all interesting).  All the pieces are here to do have a great game, but they won't put them together.I assume they've purposefully avoided giving me the game I want, in order to protect their ""other"" Magic game, MTGO or something... but I really wish they could find a business model that somehow works for them while also letting us have something reasonable and a reasonable time+money cost."
76561198076736071,Not Recommended,255420,18288090,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hobbes2.0,I love Magic. The card game itself is really fun and strategic. Magic 2015 has a few problems. The balancing of cards that you fight against in the campaign is utterly terrible. Next time you design a game please play it yourself. This would actually help as you would see that the first part of the campaign is almost impossible... The fact that you are stuck with a deck is even more annoying.
76561198111017763,Not Recommended,255420,21122503,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dinnex,not very many cards. no draft option which is sad. Love magic dislike this game.
76561197980297222,Not Recommended,255420,11408375,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,LaQueefa,"Terrible game, do not buy this junk."
,Not Recommended,255420,11647242,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Masta Glenn,"Unless they fix some of the features, this seems like a vast downgrade from the last game, sadly.The starting decks are extremely weak and less fun to play than any of the previous entries in the series.No local co-op, or just co-op in general. I miss Two Headed Giant. :(No more puzzles, no more planechase, no more sealed campaign...why remove all of these features  Wizards?Only things really improved are the UI in duels, and the addition of deck building, which should have been in the game long ago.Forces you to complete the tutorial to play the game, and forces you to complete the first campaign missions to play multiplayer.Can't see myself sinking too many hours into this game compared to the others.5/10:/"
76561198031002223,Not Recommended,255420,11653454,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,jeff,"This version of Magic is better than its predecessors in many ways, with one glaring exception.  Each version of Duels of the Planeswalkers has forced users to suffer through worse and worse menu systems and this version is no different.  In fact, this version has given up all pretext of usability.  I cannot recommend this version because navigating through the menus to get to play the game is simply too painful.  Rather than display 6 available choices one can click on (or even better use keyboard shortcuts on), on must suffer through animations to toggle highlighted options.  One can't even see all the options available at once becuase non-highlighted options are mysteriously clouded or just not displayed.I hope the next version is more user friendly."
76561198007599274,Not Recommended,255420,11408835,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,anthonygale,Worst MTG game by far!
76561197998773074,Not Recommended,255420,12066649,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JMB,Nothing really new compared to 2014.
,Not Recommended,255420,11279389,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,EddyDTheDuck,"Summary:I can only recommend this game to you if you're a real Duels Of The Planeswalkers fanatic and can't live without the next installment. Other than that I feel like you'd probably be disappointed.The Rest:As an avid player of the previous 3 games in the series, I was hugely looking forward to this being released. I enjoyed the sealed deckbuilding in Magic 2014, and looked forward to having even more freedom with my decks in 2015. But having now played it, I feel that Magic 2015 is trying too hard to be Hearthstone, and without all the diverse prebuilt decks (not to mention the Two-Headed Giant and Challenge gamemodes) it gets pretty boring after only 5 hours of play, and probably less than that for some others. For me personally that's roughly 1/20 of my recorded playtime on any one of the previous three games, and I could probably still go back and play those some more.With the complete lack of anything more to do now that I've finished the main Campaign mode, I have to say that it feels more like a demo or an early-access game than a full release title. It wasn't worth the money I spent preordering it, and it certainly isn't worth spending any extra money on Premium Booster Packs.I hope that Wizards Of The Coast listen to my review, and others I've seen here on Steam, and bring out some sort of update for the game to bring back the long-term fun of the previous games. When they inevitably bring out an Expansion Pack and/or Deck Packs (or card-pool equivilents to Deck Packs) I will think twice about bothering with them this time around unless they make some big changes.Maybe I'd see it as a better game on it's own, without having to live up to the previous games in the series. But unfortunately Wizards Of The Coast didn't have that luxury, and they've left this Magic: The Gathering fan feeling pretty much done with the Duels Of The Planeswalkers series."
76561198040093397,Not Recommended,255420,11568818,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,DOCsnowman,"Do you like playing the same deck for long periods of time with no variety?  Yes?  Well good, because you will in Magic 2015.  Like creating your own decks?  You can, but to get the good cards I hope you like micro-transactions."
76561198069122702,Not Recommended,255420,29997020,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,Wowee MTGO14 is better in all ways.Even 13 is better.Even 12 is better.♥♥♥♥ Garruk.
,Not Recommended,255420,11799056,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,hipaacrit,"No THG, slow interface, not quit worth the buy"
76561198001152768,Not Recommended,255420,11787274,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,GC_Radacul,"This game has been the worst of the series so far, sure its nice to have to customizable decks and other things like this but the depth is to great for new players. I am an avid player of mtg on paper and mtgo. I play these games for the fun of being able to play with friends online for 2hg and planechase and whathaveyou. Removal of all of these things and the puzzles has made me to not even really care for this game anymore, its really depressing how the best traits were removed from the game."
76561198058421477,Not Recommended,255420,11517173,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Crazed King,Bugged my 20$ purchase for all cards and has 0 customer service
76561198059400141,Not Recommended,255420,11517159,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Player,"if you enjoy magic id stick with the older games, no real choices of decks =["
76561197977716765,Not Recommended,255420,11484903,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Bobby,"This game just crashes everytime I try to start it. Do not buy this game just buy 2014 if you don't have it I guess, shame really. this is bad for magic and for steam. I thought if I bought a game on here at least it would work."
76561198012420073,Not Recommended,255420,11371728,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bad Temper Boge,"Pros- In-depth deck customization- Looks good (Except for that ugly red chasm that splits the board during the combat phase)Cons- Pay-to-win premium cards- Very limited card selection- Multitude of bugs and glitches carried over from the earlier games- Crashes often- Frustratingly slow menus- Laughably thin and pointless ""story"""
76561198129824929,Not Recommended,255420,11393525,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,cgwitty,"This game is just not fun.  There is no fun alternate modes to play.  The deck building is very weak.  There are so many great cards in the world of Magic and they barely give us access to any of them.   I have not been able to buy booster packs.  It just appears this was not a well thought out polished game.  I really to miss teaming up with a buddy and playing two-headed giant, planes chase or arch enemy.  I really hope they pay attention to the gamers and make some major updates.  So far I am bummed I bought the expensive version.  Another thing to note is technical glitches with display and anti-virus.  I went on to different fourms and was able to fix the two problems I had."
76561198030937148,Not Recommended,255420,11453502,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,jguiton,"Terrible Interface, its clunky and slow, you need to navigate through multiple screens to go from playing to editing your deck.You need to buy extra booster packs to get all the cards.Lacking in content, tooks only a few nights play to beat all the encounters.A RIP off."
76561198063410794,Not Recommended,255420,11470164,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,kalicsimmons,"So far not very pleased. The redesigned menus may look pretty, but they are really time consuming to navigate and take a long time to load. The opportunity to do more with your deck is great, but I miss the ability to switch to a different deck strategy against a particular opponent. Once you pick your deck, you are effectively stuck with it throughout the campaign. Just missing a lot of the qualities I liked from the previous games. Would not reccommend."
76561198039061860,Not Recommended,255420,11362477,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bashy,"stay away from this~1- card library too small2- Menus are very slow to navigate in3- almost Pay2Win unless you go with the complete bundle4- the ""new"" land system is very very very bad5- compair to 2014 the starter deck is very bad and weak"
,Not Recommended,255420,11869576,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,"Very Negative, Very Dead.","This should be a fantastic game. It isnt, but it should be. As a DOTA fan im inherently against pay to win, but theres a good reason for this. It isn't... you know... pay to win. I'd be okay with a longer unlock system allowing for every card to  actually be available, but the reality is this: after paying the 10$ for the game, youre already at a disadvantage agaisnt someone else who did purchase one of the premium packs. While card games are inherently pay to win in general, this is somwhat unjustified on a digital platfrom where the appeal is that for the upfront price you hypothetically have access to every card.Now don't get me wrong. the game itself is great and as usual the magic mechanics are fantastic. However, coupled with a sluggish interface and an inherent pay to win attitude, i struggle to justify playing this rort on a persons expectations of what they will and will not have access to. For the rather dear 10$ for the experience, its probably worth getting the real thing or finding something that actually is free to play"
,Not Recommended,255420,11288469,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,VictimlessZombie,"I Cannot even open the game... I been opening it and when i open it , it just puts me back to my desktop... I really Don't even understand... I cannot even get to the freaking Menus"
,Not Recommended,255420,11618282,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Waxinlyrical,"Duels of the Planeswalkers finally gets deckbuilding, but at what cost? Slow, unresponsive UI, a starting experience that is frustrating because you are forced into playing with mediocre cards for hours, and a shockingly overt pay-to-win structure where lots of good cards are locked behind Premium Boosters that you can only buy with real money. Lack of puzzles is also a large disappointment for me.All in all, I would recommend staying away from this, even as someone who enjoys Magic regularly and has been buying the Duels of the Planeswalkers series annually."
76561197962037878,Not Recommended,255420,11646718,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Sharpie,"While the idea of deck construction seemed fun at first after 20 hrs of game play the game is complete all cards unlocked and nothing to work for, but sluggish user interface.  After playing this and going back to 2014 to play much loved two headed giant I was amazed how last years version was so much faster.  The game it self grows stale real quick and is really a waste of money.  If you are trying to decide to play magic on steam just buy 2014 as the game is far more extensive."
76561197997232953,Not Recommended,255420,11291896,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,eckosof,Crap port
,Not Recommended,255420,11311588,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Psycron,This is by far the worst DotP to date.Unless you like playing 1 vs 1 there is absolutely nothing for you in this game.The game has been stripped down to its bare minimums and all the fun game modes that used to make this game unique compared to other TCGs has been removed.
76561198036865063,Not Recommended,255420,11311790,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,C-murda,"the major problems I have with the game are- the card pool to build decks with is far too small- they took out challenge mode(which was real fun)- I dont get the choice to get 4 of each card unless I buy packs which if you buy packs might as well play mtg online- that menu UI is soo god aweful, I can cleck 50 times on next before it happens ( why change a good thing?)- no planewalkers I dont know how many people screamed to get them in- I dont know if it my own bad luck but it seems at least every other game i am getting mana flooded or deprived seems to happen too often to be a cooincidenceI feel that they had fun games with the older dotps when i could play games to unlock more cards in each deck but I made the mistake of purchasing the complete bundle which includes all the cards unlocked so what is my goal in this game kill main story line then play the limited variations of games on multiplayer mode? I expected more out of the game and the hype was too much for this game. I paid $34 for this game which is more then any other dotp even with all the dlc and im feeling like I have less to do. I hope to god that they do some work to add more cards without having to pay more but i doubt it big companies like this are so money hungry its about making money before creating a good game. I believe tho that pay to win games with be the death of gaming"
76561198017033403,Not Recommended,255420,11311964,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Microwave,"I realy love maigc. but thay broke the game, removing all the fun parts of the game just to add one deck builder dos'nt woth it.The starter decks are weak with no fun cards like the old games. and you have to grind a lot to try and get some good cards.and removing all the co-op and fun modes from the multiplayer realy killing the game."
76561198035524598,Not Recommended,255420,11316365,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,randomness113,This is the worst Planeswalker game out of all of them. The campaign is super short and there are no challenges or different game modes like in the previous Planeswalker games.
76561198039142329,Not Recommended,255420,11316935,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Saulzera,I can only blame myself for preordering this PoSThere already tons of reviews saying why it is bad
,Not Recommended,255420,11452928,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,WyrdFate,"So I went for this despite the bad reviews.  I have spent far too much time on the previous games and on Magic in real life, so I wanted to try this one out no matter what.  Let me elaborate on why this game is awful.You start with one deck.  This deck is composed entirely of commons.  You enemies in the campaign, however, are similarly matched.  For about the first three fights.  After this, you start having to play against real decks.  During the interval of time while you get to this point, you are given about 9 more commons.The first real opponent is a stall deck based on life gain.  You can win it basically by getting an opponent with a bad draw.  Your deck is totally inferior.  For winning this, you finally get a booster pack.  If you had Magic 2014, you get two.  You can then go wander and play a few more minor enemies and net about another 7 or 8 boosters.  Then you get to the stupid fights.You are now fighting decks composed entirely of rares with no ability to get any more cards.  Replaying fights nets you nothing except for the ones against the all rare decks.  Obviously, the solution to this is microtransactions.  Just buy the cards you are missing.Obviously, this is a game built in the style of free-to-plays with all of their nastiest tendancies.  Wizards should be ashamed of this game.  They won't be, as they are a business already built on this business model in real life, but still.  Do not play this."
76561198180993197,Not Recommended,255420,20759809,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,jthom93,used to be an ok game i played from time to time.  now so many features are just unavailable and have been for months i dont know whats going on but its dead.  dont bother
,Not Recommended,255420,11463016,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,The Final Key,"Almost every element of the game is unpolished and causes alot of glitches, confusion, or wasted time. Not to mention the implementation of in-app purchases which put you at a disadvantage if you don't empty your wallet. You can still have a fair bit of fun if you're new to MTG or want to find out about the new cards, otherwise I'd wait for Wizards to fix their games."
76561198006557754,Not Recommended,255420,11360939,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,priestx6,"Plain and simple, this game has become a pay-to-win model (much like the actual card game). I am actually surprised it took the money hungry subhumans at Wizards of the Coast this long to butcher what was a fun experience."
,Not Recommended,255420,11358376,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Cription,"Magic 2015 is a money grabber and pretty much a slap in the face to anyone who bought it.I know this is long, but you should read it.Especially if you haven't bought it yet.Right from the start you play through the campaign.Every Planeswalker you go up against in the campaign has the max quantity allowed for each card that make their deck strong. Some Planeswalkers have cards that aren't even IN THE GAME.Examples: Terramorphic Expanse, Phantasmal Bear, a bunch of Extort cards and more.That's not a challenge. It's an un-fair advantage.So after going through the simply annoying campaign you decided to start playing online against other players.""Finally, I can now start getting to the fun of all this.""BAM!You're hit by a bunch of players who have paid $36, $56 or $76 for cards so again having the max quantity allowed for each card that make their deck strong. When you only have 1 or maybe 2 of the max quantity allowed for each card that make your deck strong.By this point I can almost assure you that you will feel the need to buy the premium boosters, or the all the base cards so that you can have a deck that is capable of not getting completely slaughtered.So what the hell, you go for it. You spend the $56 on the cards while mouse wheeling threw an annoying and buggy menu obviously made for tablets, and non-stopping mouse over sounds from their menu buttons that make you wish you were deaf...You try to make you're deck how you want it and notice that you can only have 3 of the same uncommons, 2 of the same rares, and 1 of the same mythic. Completely changing the way decks are built in magic.So not only did they give the A.I. a bunch of cards you can't get (even if you pay the $76 you don't get the cards the A.I. has access to), not only did they set up the campaign to be un-fair and limit your deck to almost trash to push you towards paying for cards, not only did they design a complete pay to win model no better than StarTrek Texels, but after paying the $36, $56, or $76 they significantly reduce the limit of customization and what you can do with the money you just spent compared to Magic: The Gathering's official rules.Do not buy this game!But hey, at least they spelt the name right.1/10"
76561198044394681,Not Recommended,255420,11356013,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,German_Swan92,Dont feel like paying to beat Jace.
76561198003495041,Not Recommended,255420,11357720,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rick,Disgusting game. No 2NG. Cut 50% of the desired card in the deck and added a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And duel too easy. For 43 hours finished the game = \
76561198128042949,Not Recommended,255420,11358100,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jezbomb,I havent even been able to get this game to run just crashes on startup BOOOOOO!
,Not Recommended,255420,11359023,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Audio,No. Buy Magic 2014 instead. This game is worse in every way.
,Not Recommended,255420,11357786,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mike Modest,"Unless you prefer grinding for cards and building less consistent decks than previous years (which is a valid preference, don't get me wrong), I can't recommend buying this over previous year's editions.  Interface seems clunky and difficult to use, and with the new microtransactions practically forcing you to buy premium boosters to build good decks, it seems like just another experience designed to bleed wallets dry."
76561198035814340,Not Recommended,255420,11555583,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,flounderm,"Awful, never even got to play before the software crashed my computer, I highly recommend against this game"
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,255420,11291357,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"Slow moving gameplay and menusMenu selection sensitivity is terrible.Removed Custom Duels and Two Headed GiantYou only have one deck to equip from startAi hax with perfect hands and perfect luckAi has a pre built deck that destroys yoursThere is only 300 cardsabout 50 from each plane (5 planes, 250 cards)and then 50 in premium cards (counted)Classic Pay-To-Win setup which wouldn't be so bad if it was a free game.Worst MTG experience to day."
76561198071476960,Not Recommended,255420,11329452,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Shamu Sandwiches,my game wont save :(  ..
,Not Recommended,255420,11320412,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,$mar,"I liked the added deckbuilding features, but for me it doesn't make up for a total lack of co-op play modes.  I used to play a ton of ""Duels"" with  coworkers and friends, but we don't like the FFA mode.  If I had known there was no 2HG mode or any alternate cooperative modes, I would not have purchased.  I also find the UI and menus to be awful: slow forced waits between menu sections, clicking a second time RESETS the animation instead of skipping it.  Some button clicks do not seem to register at all, and so you wait for the slow fade animation after a single click... and it might not even be going to the next screen at all.  DisappointedEdit: apparently the animation resetting is specific to one of my computers..."
76561197974301379,Not Recommended,255420,11322142,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,YearOfTheOx,"I dont recomend this version, its a moneygrab model, and i wish i hadnt bought this. too late now. I'm sick of microtransaction games, and dont understand the microtransactions here, (I'm supposed to pay money to unlock cards, so i dont have to play the game to unlock cards?). I will not be purchasing any."
,Not Recommended,255420,11322180,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DonE,"As a MTG card collector, gamer and fan. I have to say. This game is not something u would want to buy if u have experience with Magic the Gathering. MTGO is a far superior game compared with this game. However for the more unexperienced players and the ones new to this card game, the game is an awsome starters guide on how to play and how to build decks.I've bought the complete bundle :( This game is about collecting cards to build better decks. However if u buy the complete bundle u alrdy have all the collections except the premium one witch is kinda expencive and only obtaineble if u use real money. So to get the feeling of actually progressing in this game and get more gameplay for ur $. I'd propose that u buy the game with no extras and collect the cards urself. If not, you would only have the small campaign to play through and that will drasticly deminish how fun and how many hours of gameplay you experince, in my opinion :)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11322307,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,cheese friendo,"This is the worst duels of the planeswalkers yet.No puzzles, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ campaign with slow unlocks, misleading DLC, and incredibly bad AI (always waits for its post-combat main phase to play anything when it has a creature). Pay-to-win ""pack buying"" and no way to unlock packs beyond the 25 you get over the course of the game without buying any packs.♥♥♥♥ this."
,Not Recommended,255420,11315461,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,StantoMacGuffin,"I'll preface this by saying that I have only played a few hours of this game. With that said, Magic 2015 is a broken, buggy, mess of a game. While it is technically playable, its very poorly executed. If you want a good CCG I would recommend either Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, or Magic 2014. 3/10"
76561198023507530,Not Recommended,255420,21017252,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,M@XP@YNE,this has to be the worst magic game ever made
76561198019288099,Not Recommended,255420,11867870,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The Discipliner,"I have been playing Duels of the Planeswalker for years now, purchasing them annually.I have to gripe about this one in that the UI is so unintuitive! The menus are unnecessarily stylized and it is very frustrating to track your progress.I liked the ""themed"" based decks in the older versions and unlocking cards to enhance them.I understand the developers wanted to address customized deck building and I applaud them in doing so. However the interface makes it very difficult to understand the deck building or template based deck creation /unlocking progress. Which is what I find most enjoyable about this game.Recommendations is to make the menus more intuitive and more clarity on the deck creation/unlocking process."
,Not Recommended,255420,11906901,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Tailen,"I buy the new edition of this Magic Madden every year, and this series has just gone downhill ever since 2012. Every year they've removed more features, removed game variations and removed multiplayer game types. We're now back to where we started with a single player campaign and one-on-one multiplayer. Nothing is transferrable from the previous years' games, you start from scratch every time, and with this latest kick in the balls to their fanbase, I have to say that this game just isn't fun anymore.The idea of these games is to promote the card game and in that way Hasbro has certainly succeeded, because I'm going back to the card game and I'm not playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore."
76561197997141074,Not Recommended,255420,11372622,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,L. Ron Hoyabembe,"You'd think that the DOTP series would get better year after year, but unfortunately that isn't the case. The game is plauged with game breaking bugs, such as the one where I have to turn off my internet connection in order to boot up the game, and then reconnect to have access to multiplayer. Or the fact that you dont have access to any card collections you purchased or preorder bonuses until you beat the first main boss, who is nigh impossible to beat, since every single player match is way too one sided in an effort to make you spend more money on cards. The entire game is not so much a Magic the Gathering game as it is a horrible pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥designed to make you waste more money, and even then, the ""entire"" card collections you can pay to unlock are just small underpowered portions of their real life counterparts, missing many signature cards, such as the Gods of Theros. The ""game"", if I could even call it that, is a blatant racket designed to make players continuously spend money just to beat what should be a fun and challenging single player mode, which is really a one sided slaughter where your opponent always has the perfect cards for every situation. If you really want to play MTG, you are much better off spending the money you would on this game on actual physical cards. ♥♥♥♥ this game and anyone who had a hand in making it, you should all be ashamed of yourselves."
,Not Recommended,255420,11553920,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,"duck ,____( ' > face",Very dissapointing - a step back from DotP 2014
76561198030902728,Not Recommended,255420,11915823,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Racistpenguin,"Poor oversight by Magic 2015 developers in the game.Positives include a catchy theme song, ability to construct a deck to however you like, storyline is not a bad inclusion, opening more boosters to provide anticipation and excitement.Sadly however the negatives definately out weigh the positives.You are restricted in deck building to a limited selection of cards after you have completed the campaign unless you which ti invest in ""boosters"" to increase your card pool. Matching up against others who have superior cards or/even duplicates or sets of 4 card(s) whom have purchased additional boosters, not only makes deck building difficult, ineffective but also increases the likelihood that you will be demorilised over and over again in matches against other opponents in 1 v 1 or free for all matching.I generally enjoy purchasing this product for the puzzle games, Last turn puzzles a few years ago were amazing and difficult/challanging. 2014 however showcases some very sub par puzzles games and this year, well, there are none.I played one game of free for all on 4 v 4 and I felt so far away from the game table I requested my flatmate to provide me a magnifine glass. myself and another player also realised 4 turns in that we had already lost when one of the players threw down some superior cards for which we had not even access to.This put me off continuing playing this game into the future as really there is no point unless I am wishing to invest into this.Suggestions would be to at least bring ""two headed giant"" match making back, a level par card selection by perhaps charging a set $15 fee from the start and not this ""micro transaction booster option"" which is poor oversight in my opinion and perhaps even a tournament mode where equal par magic the gatherers could paticipate tournaments of 10 players etc, round robin to then provide a level based system and a decent points rating for those wishing to climb to the top in rankings over time (by winning more tourney's etc)Rating,interface, music score, Story concept 6/10 (as what else can you do with a story really)gameplay campaign 5/10 (as well the AI seems to get the perfect run of cards sometimes :S)Deck building feature, 8/10 as this is very flexibleCard selection 2/10 (extremely limited unless additional investments made)gameplay vs human 3/10 (for the reason you will become frustate that you are unable to build a deck that is consistent without investment into more booster packs)Overall I would probably rate Magic 2015 4/10"
76561198053868456,Not Recommended,255420,11994265,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Hound,"As big as Magis is, and a huge player of the game. Every year this game has gone more to hell. Really dissapointed with 2015. Who is the idiot that is ruining this glorious game. You have the resources!! MAKE AN EPIC GAME!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11336891,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,muggsy,"I'm so upset..... I've been very excited about this game for a good 6 months now, hyping it up to all my friends and convincing them to preorder the game as finaly DOTP will  have custom deck building. I never thought in my wildest dreams that this game could be as big of a let down as it was and now I feel like an a**hole for making my friends buy this game.Much to rant about, but if you read everyone elses reviews you'll get an understanding as to why this game is a complete flop. My biggest complaint is the pay to play aspect is so angering. I bought this game to play pvp with a custom deck, but I just cringe at the idea of having to spend all this extra money just to build a high tier deck. Maybe if the pay to play system was alittle more balanced (and affordable), then I could consider maybe investing alittle bit. But the fact that I know the online play in this game is going to be a ghost town pretty soon cause of how f**ked this game is, that it would be an utter waste of my money and time. They've already stolen my 9.99.. don't give them another dime until they rectify this game."
76561198037251972,Not Recommended,255420,11369246,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Electrophill,"Ditto what everyone else is saying.  Money grab and a killer of loyalty to players.  Watch for Stainless in the future, and run when they're in the title.  No credibility left in that namebrand.Some things not mentioned:Roll the credits and stomach to the end of them.  They had more people involved in making this game than NASA has on the space program.  So the setbacks on this game goes beyond just being a money grab.. it ventures into the class action lawsuit world.  It's Magic welfare for the entire paper airplane building team, and it's on our dime.Another thing not mentioned.  They did accomplish 1 improvement beyond the deck builder.  If you're using a wireless controller on your computer, the game now recognizes the controller when you turn the controller on.  It no longer ignores the activation of your controller as in M2014, requiring you to back out of the game and restart.In summary... I agree with everyone else they suxored for all the same reasons.  No reason to repeat the shortfalls here.We'll know next time.Or... if there is an attorney present, maybe we should let them know now."
,Not Recommended,255420,11382470,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mr. Strider,"Let me make a brief disclaimer: I wanted to like this game. Desperately so. I've played Magic: the Gathering for a while now, and have gotten fairly good at it. I keep up with standard builds, set rotations, popular meta builds and have numerous real-life paper decks for anything from Modern to EDH. I really, really, wanted to like this game.But, sadly, this game suffers from what I call, ""Penny Rare Syndrome."" It has a lot of flavor, and is fun initially, but you'll later find that if you spent more than a dollar on it, you're not getting your money's worth. On the surface, it looks like an epic concept: keeping in line with the lore behind the M15 Core Set release, Garruk, the wild planeswalker, has been possessed/corrupted by Liliana Vess, who is now in possession of the powerful Chain Veil. As a planeswalker learned and hardened by various journeys (i.e. the previous games), you embark on a journey to stop Garruk as he hunts down planeswalkers in a wild bloodlust.Sounds cool, doesn't it? Chasing a crazed, homicidal woodsman as you both hop from plane to plane, narrowly missing each other in a dangerous game of cat and mouse? Well, unfortunately, that description is about as intense as it gets. Other than a smattering of graphic-novel stlye cutscenes that are criminally short, most of this ""epic"" quest is told in the form of text boxes. Boring. Old. Textboxes. I've played a lot of TCGs, I grew up with them. I've played some pretty good TCG video games as well. Portable games that give you a complete experience by letting you explore a world, build a deck, and battle all of your favorite characters, all the while sharpening your skills and becoming a better player.Magic 2015 is not those games. I know, it never really was, and expecting a massive genre-shift is not really a realistic expectation. But I cannot excuse how Magic 2015 somehow makes one of the most epic stories in the card gaming-world boring. Not delivering a genre-busting epic powerhouse of card-game-playing, open-world-exploring action is one thing: starting with a great premise and watering it down to nothing is another.Notice I haven't even mentioned the actual systems of the game yet? The deck building, the customization, the collecting, even the UI? There's a reason for that. And it's brief: They're poor. And that's even being too polite, some facets of the game are non-existant. Did you enjoy the sealed campaign from 2014? Gone. 2-Headed Giant? Gone. But hey, you can customize your own deck! Honestly I'd be ok even with that if the deck building wasn't the mess it is. The starter decks are laughably bad. Intro packs are more playable. And even intro packs come with two boosters to give you a shot at something better. Yes, you unlock ""boosters"" as you play through the game, but they're often pre-determined sets that will give you little if anything truly useful; often they're simpy bad cards that are just slightly less horrible than your current terrible cards. If you want the real heavy-hitters, you need to shell out more money. Yep. Micro transactions. Simply to have access to some of the at least marginally playable cards. That is where I draw the line. I was fine with the previous Magic iteration as it was a decently competent package in and of itself. Buy it cheap (while on sale) and you could have some fun toying with interesting deck concepts and goofing about with friends. But even on sale, I would have a hard time recommending Magic 2015, as the up-front price is essentially akin to paying an entrance fee to walk into a card shop: you're still going to have to pay for anything of value inside.I hope this game gets more love. I hope it improves. Implement better decks. Implement a way to build and shape your own Magic dream deck in a harmless vaccuum. This is not Magic Online. This is not Paper Magic. If you build here what would be a $250 standard deck for simply the cost of the game, who cares? Nothing in this game pertains to the actual economy of Magic. Nobody at a Pro Tour qualifier is going to pay any heed to my claims that I have my ace standard deck ready to go if it's simply a collection of pixels in my M:DotP 2015 digital deck queue. It is, again, a vaccuum.This is the place where casual Magic players can escape to have fun. But, sadly, the game is far too engrossed in its potential profits to care. All I can do is hope that one day it will be fixed. But until then, I cannot, with a clear conscience, recommend this game, especially with other far better options out there."
,Not Recommended,255420,11385096,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jerm,"I've been an avid Magic TCG player for most of my life and as such I've played every single one of the Duels of the Planeswalkers expansions to date. This one however I really can't reccommend. This game is so pay to win it isn't funny. Honestly, do yourself a favor and pick up one of the earlier titles. It has more features and game modes, and isn't pay to win."
,Not Recommended,255420,11437175,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,CaptainGs,"I played quite a bit of 2013 and 2014 and loved those games!  After playing through the main campaign, 2015 just wasn't as fun for me. The main complaint revolves around unlocking cards. While deck building is more open ended, after a certain point you cannot unlock more cards without additional purchases.  2014 didn't have this until they released additional content well after the game was released.  There are some performance issues.  I run an i7 and a 660GTX, but the menus are slow and choppy.  I look past this since it doesn't seem to impact the main game, but it does seem sloppy."
76561198088537034,Not Recommended,255420,11522504,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,jack.dumfries,"Ok i unlocked multiplayer awhile ago and this has caused my game to crash everytime i open the menu, as this was not a free game im appaled at the lack of work that has gone into this game and despite enjoying the game itself i can no longer play due to this crashing issue i have accuired after simply unlocking multi player.if this is not fixed by the end of the month i will be demanding a full refund"
76561198121002897,Not Recommended,255420,11527972,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,GloboGym24/7,"these games are just going to get worse and worse for the card game players. They took sealed games out completely instead of revamping it and you have to choose crappy 60 card decks to play against the OP AI.  1 deck for the entire campaign,It would be bearable on the top difficulty if you could change hte cards around to make a 40 card deck, but NOPE. you must have a gimped 60 one, and the card synergy is trash,This is just a streamlined magic card waste of time. If you play the cards and are any good at the gamem and like the challenge of deck building, dont bother and buy something useful,,,like gasoline"
76561198028210113,Not Recommended,255420,11394503,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,kng360,"I would say this is the biggest waste of $10.00 I've ever spent, but it was worth seeing just how far WoTC has sunk in this line of games.  Long time Magic the Gathering player, and this game is just horrible.-Terrible menu system...seriously, who made these...it feels like this game was made in 1977.  Just to exit the game can take you forever because you have to surf all the way out to the front menu.  just wow.-Unlocking the cards is beyond borring.  You can fall asleep just trying to do this.-The money grab by WoTC.  come on.  $10.00 for the game.  another $28.00 to buy the ""premium"" cards.  Terrible busisness model.Bottom line - DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME"
76561197971387481,Not Recommended,255420,11525356,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sedated,"Read the other hundreds of reviews. They aren't wrong.Poor UI? Check.Only 1 terrible, unbalanced deck? Check.High levels of frustration due to less than perfect draws? Check.Excitement, hope, and fun rapidly dies after the first hour. I pray that no one else buys this travesty."
,Not Recommended,255420,11334662,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Joshua.fr,"BOOHOO. First is the design of the game User Interface. it has too many unwanted fade and slide effect that prolongs the loading time to a task in game. Next you took off the TWO headed giant mode where it is the I would say the most important feature to me so that I can play with my friends in co-op. Then, you made the game consist too many micro-transaction, you almost made it a Pay-to-Win game by setting the AI to have strong cards(tropical island, like really?) at first and limit our starter decks to only 1!But kudos to you guys that finally implemented a custom deck builder and if there is no 2HG in the future for Magic 2015 then I guess I am done with this game."
76561197974009568,Not Recommended,255420,11354897,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Brewpub,"I must say I never really  give reviews on games,  but this has to be the worst Planswalker game yet!   With ever year that passes it feels like it is just getting worse and worse.  If this is the direction your taking this game then next year I am going to completely pass on this game.  If I could get a refund I would!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11362003,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nooschwander,I've bought all the previous DotP and there's just something more annoying about this one. The decks all seem even more underpowered in the beginning. And I stopped playing after attempting the same Avacyn battle for a hour and a half. I hope this isn't some underhanded scheme to get me to buy packs or microtransactions because the cards you unlock after battles aren't good enough anymore.
76561198005215613,Not Recommended,255420,11513832,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,[TK],"[+] Positive- Free pool of cards, you unlock boosters and is able to create any deck with it- Greater diversity of opponent's than previous titles in the series- Any color combination can have a decent deck in it[-] Negative- The pool is very small, and can only be expanded by buying boosters- The campaign is pretty much meaningless, since there's nothing to unlock beside boosters (unless you care for avatars), which can be unlocked outside mission objectives- You can unlock all the cards in less than 20 hours- Comparatively fewer cards are relevant to your deck from the earlier versions of Duels of the PWs- With the unfocused decks, they become in it's better form much more superficial and boring, with simple cards and less interesting sinergy- The game is much less engaging, since you won't battle to upgrade your decks, after a few hours (after unlocking all ""free"" boosters)- For an experient player (a player of Magic outside Steam), you have a worst experience than playing with a real pool of cards, and, for me, the limitations of decks from previous versions were responsible for a sense of interest in this digital version of the gameI've played them all, and to me, this is the most boring Duels of the Planeswalkers ever released."
,Not Recommended,255420,11276469,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Deturis,"ProsIt's another MTG!ConsIt's another MTG!Seriously now.No gamma setting, this white color drives me crazy!Also DO NOT BUY full package! DO NOT! I DARE YOU. Full package DOESN'T CONTAIN premium cards, which you can get by buying premium magic 2015 boosters (around 1,99$). To get all premium cards you need to buy ~14 boosters. So if you want to play this game, don't buy full package enjoy collecting new cards by playing the game, and if you really want to spend some additional money, buy those premium boosters nothng else (also it kinda sucks because it's over 100 cards locked for players who don't want to spend additional money for booster packs).So, do I recommend? It's your call, if you are fine with white color madness, no gamma setting, no 2headed giant multiplayer option, and over 100 cards that can be only unlocked by paying ~25$/EUROS, then go for it."
,Not Recommended,255420,11418769,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,j1nn3r5,"Pros:Complete customisation of decks.CONS:Sure you can customise your deck now but the amount of cards are very limited.Lacking in single player content (ie. no planeswalker duels, no revenge, no puzzles and no 2 headed giants, ect) compared to previous years.Have to buy premium boosters to unlock all cards. (BIGGEST LET DOWN)overall okay game. 6/10expansion might make it better."
76561198041870544,Not Recommended,255420,11514092,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Slomo,Not too much to like about this game. Its pay to win unless you happen to have hours to dump into building decks from mediocre cards to get the few good ones many many matches later. If you're a casual magic player like myself it will not be as fun as having nice prebuilt decks at your finger tips that you can modify to suit your play style. Its also disappointing that two headed giant is no longer n option.
76561198010667227,Not Recommended,255420,11357706,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,jb2008_1,"So....I've managed to log about 11 hours so far.  While I would like to tell you about the game, instead I would encourage you not to purchase due to technical issues.  When I first downloaded I was able to log on and play all the way through the game, since then, it crashes on startup.  I've tried all the known fixes, and it still will not run.Please....purchase at your own risk."
76561198045861521,Not Recommended,255420,11365268,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,animejay70,"I'm sorry, but this is a HUGE step back from the previous games.  I used to play Magic in stores as well, but i like the format of the last games.  I wanted to build a deck in the game, but only as either an aside from the campaign or with a streamlined set according to the Planeswalker's philosphy.  THey went too far."
76561197972779945,Not Recommended,255420,11392237,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Freedomsghost,"It's less of a game than any of it's predecessors. I can't recommend it.The interface has been changed, but it's still very kludgy with both mouse and touch based interfaces.I have an extremely beefy PC, and the game often feels slow or unresponsive.The single player campaign is extremely short, and outside of the single player campaign there is only one play mode, free-for-all. No planechase, no two-headed giant. Vrry limited entertainment value.The new deck builder is great, but I played through the entire single player campaign with the first deck i built; and with only one other mode of play, what's the point of an awesome deck builder?Hopefully DLC will come quickly and add a better variety of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,255420,11344448,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,PePaPu,"Extremely horrible game. Very disappointed. Start off with a trash deck, have to use a trash deck thnroughout the entire game unless you pay for premium packs (pay to win). There are also not very many cards. They took out everything good."
76561198056885943,Not Recommended,255420,11446706,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,kizer5.red,"Good for starting players, but the GUI does not lend itself to such a complicated game and seems to have been developed for touch screeen tablets.You will gain the enjoyment of casual AI battles, but loose a great deal of the freedom and complexity of the game.I liked Magic 2014 because of the sealed deck construction and play, I had little interest in the campaign.I am disapointed that the game lacks a sealed or draft component, but I like that you can finally customize your deck."
76561198059266740,Not Recommended,255420,11339009,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zunj0,"If I had known that this is pay to win, since some cards are locked behind a paywall, I wouldn´t have bought it. If you want the full game you´ll have to pay an extra 25,06€. For an extra 140 cards"
76561198082254875,Not Recommended,255420,11364013,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,canadiancurseword,"WotC is a fantastic company. They put on yearly free magic days and other fan service. This game does not represent them well at all.First the good things. The UI is much tougher. Ok thats it, now the bad unfortunately.The card pool is incredibly shrunk down from 2014. It seems to be about a third the size of the last game.They removed the puzzles and two-headed giant mode along with sealed. Even worse no new modes were added!Then the greatest crime of all, they released cards that cant be unlocked through gameplay. If you want the prmium cards, and why would't you, you are going to have to pay $1.99 per 15 cards. There are only 50 premiums but you can play multiple copies of cards.It seems that the developers didnt understand what people actually want. People wanted open construction, as in the ability to shift cards from one deck to the other. This game provides very little contructed possibilities because of the very small card pool. They also didnt support elves. This really bugs me."
,Not Recommended,255420,11370017,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Knud den Store,"Worst game in the series. The removal of several multiplayer modes in exchange of an ugly U.I, and what I can only describe as a cash shop, was a terrible mistake. The single player campaign is a waste of time. The A.I is terrible on all levels, for example Mage and Archmage are too easy, and Planeswalker difficulty isn't fun or challenging at all, since the A.I will simply use the same scripted opening hand, but it is better than paying extra to unlock all the cards. Story wise, there isn't one. Despite the effort, the story in these games is practically non-existent, it simply feels heartless. To sum up the story Garruk turns evil, you defeat a demon, then Garruk, and then it cuts to a cliffhanger. The story is told in about six 30 second videos, the advertisement for this game has more content in them than the entire game. Have in mind Magic the Gathering is a franchise that produces comic books, and novels based on its lore, making this an embarrassment.This iteration has less cards than the 2015 Core Set, which negates the functionality of several deck types due to lack of cards. The addition of Premium Boosters means the player has to pay extra to complete his/her collection.Premium packs give advantage to players willing to pay for them. As someone who bought the Special Edition I can say the amount of content, or lack thereof, in it is not worth it, and your best option is to get the base game, that is, if you truly want to play this.I can't stress enough how disappoiting this is for me. The commercials advertise Garruk as a threat in the multiverse, but the game doesn't include the ""Garruk"" multiplayer mode. Gee fine, don't have Garruk on the cover if you truly don't mean it."
76561197974858513,Not Recommended,255420,11370073,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,RndmThtz,This game is sow much worse than Magic 2014. I'm so disappointed that I bought it! I had heard about the negatives but didn't really think it was going to be THAT bad.
,Not Recommended,255420,11370720,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,St.Hitch,"This game had a lot of potential, and it's really dissapointing that it fell through on most of it. This is the first ""Duels of the Planeswalkers"" game to allow you ""fully customizable"" deck building. Unfortunately, most of the cards you can unlock through the random booster packs are pretty bad. To get better cards, you can purchase premium booster packs, or a set of all of the cards. Without these pre-included features, though, this feels more like an incomplete game. Two-Headed Giant mode is also notably absent. The gameplay is fairly smooth, but occasionally unresponsive. The AI switches between borderline moronic (sometimes it seems to ignore the abilities of creatures you control when making decisions) and busted difficult (turn 3 Grislebrand?). Overall, I was not impressed. It's a step down from previous iterations."
,Not Recommended,255420,11370891,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sjolander,"I do not recommend this game for the following reasons:-It's not a pay to win, but when the game starts you are given a crap deck which you need to adapt with better cards. The problem is: If you want to play on expert, this is an impossible task because the cpu always have a perfect hand for perfect gameplay, and your deck its so much worse than theirs. Solution: Play on easy or medium, but not the same ""pleasure level"".-They took off the 2 Headed Giants game mode, that mode was what made me play 50h+ on Magic 2014 DotP. Solution: Add the mode as a dlc or patch in the future...-The game isn't noob friendly because don't explain well how to build a good deck. The available recipes are crap, and the suggested cards they do aren't good. If you don't know how to build a good deck, you gonna have a bad time to beat the main campaign.-They could give us something for winning a multiplayer game, like M2014DotP when you won a game you unlock a card for the deck. (Just my opinion, not criticizing the game on this one).- The interface of the game is pretty good, and the thematic is very cool but it got slowier than previous games and you need to scroll down to go to desired option instead of simply click on it.-Every time you finish a duel you are sent back to the main menu, which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to keep playing, 'cuz you need to  suffer from the interface problems again, and if you want a rematch with the person on a multiplayer game you can't, because you and him were kicked from the lobby.Sorry for the poor english, not main language."
76561197992619500,Not Recommended,255420,11387193,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Wild Salmon,"The game lacks the most critical part in my opinion: Two headed giant. Without this, it loses the co-op that made the previous games fun to play with your partner or friend.It is a pity that they removed this feature because the singleplayer aspect has been improved with more decks to battle against and more freedom in collecting cards and building decks.The menus are also a chore to navigate and there are a few terrible AI bugs - but the removal of local co-op is still most disappointing."
76561198046944203,Not Recommended,255420,11398326,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,4am Engineer,"While this installment does have decent deck customization, it simply doesn't feel like a complete game. The UI is slow and becomes unresponsive at times. The lack of 2HG and other multiplayer modes compounds with the focus on microtransactions to ultimately make the game appear to be a quick cash-grab. Give this title a pass, it isn't worth the ten bucks."
76561198051110526,Not Recommended,255420,11418352,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Venthis,dont like how they removed 2hg which to be honest thats what most of the community playedalso not a fan of how you have to farm in single player to get cards its suppose to be an online gamedidnt buy the game to get all the cards on the computer honestly a random booster after a win would have been enough.
,Not Recommended,255420,11560708,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Calculon,It's only 10 bucks but the fact that you have to buy all the cards is pretty ridiculous. I'll probably just keep playing 2014.
76561198001788992,Not Recommended,255420,11943138,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,embertiger,"This game sticks you with a boring, underpowered ""sealed"" type deck and then pits you against much more streamlined decks.  Mana tapping never works the way you want it to and there are no fun varient ways to play.  By far the weakest of the series so far."
76561198018410851,Not Recommended,255420,11915083,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Doc Holiday,"Horrible selection of cards, paid for the extra cards even. Gameplay is very slow, very boring, very uninspiring compared to 2014. Menu is a hassle and a half, seems as though they tried to support touch screen. It is nice to create your own deck from a selection of cards, but it is a bad selection."
76561198063213439,Not Recommended,255420,11942763,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,T-Bone,Buy to win but can be fun with friends. If you dont care to much about the whole game being scripted you might as well play lackccg with the magic plugin.
76561198108259221,Not Recommended,255420,11839429,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Baetal,"when loaded game , went to play and it just shuts down when i tried to start a game"
76561198067416992,Not Recommended,255420,11406207,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Morninglark,Very disappointed that you can't play 2 headed giant.
,Not Recommended,255420,11375566,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,br0wnb0mb3r,"Whatever you do, do NOT buy this game. We asked for deck building, well guess what, they gave it to us! Only they decided to remove EVERYTHING else from the game. No 2h giant, no awesome planeswalker decks, no draft mode. The menus, oh man don't get me started on the menus. They are so slow and unresponsive it's unreal. And what really makes this a kick in the balls is that it is now pay to win... and it's not even a free to play game! You only get 1 deck to start with, and whichever one you pick, it is horrible. If you want to make it better you are forced to either grind out cards by playing single player, or buy booster packs. I have been playing DotP since it started and I have to say that this is very dissapointing, the worst game of the series yet. I want my money back, wouldn't even play if it were free, there are a ton of better F2P tcg's out there."
,Not Recommended,255420,11312534,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,El Froggo,Paying to win in a DotP game? No thank you. Save your money and go buy a deck of actual Magic cards and go play with friends. Or go to an FNM. Or draft. Just.. don't buy this game.
76561198044323912,Not Recommended,255420,11317630,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,GT,"I played DotP 2014 for over 500 Hours and enjoyed it. This 2015 version has many more cards, and the campaign is much better.However those are the only good things I can say about the game. The multiplayer is absolutely atrocious, as far as I’m concerned they have taken 100 steps backwards.Matches are also only ever 1 off only. You return to multiplayer select after a win or loss rather than being offered an immediate rematch as per earlier versions.Also the equip deck now means you have to pre select your deck before you go online with it - gone are the days of deciding last minute what deck you want to run.Finally there are still so many bugs and glitches with this game, you soon lose count. I have played countless matches which result in both players not being able to proceed, with the game locking up. This has always been a problem with previous versions, you think they would have a fix by now!Very disappointing and definitely do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11317846,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dayman,"I really wish I'd read up on this game before buying it. I could get into all of what they did wrong with this latest iteration but it's all beside the point because the UI is absolutely broken. The menus are intolerable. It's simply not worth dealing with such dogshit UI design. Making these games with functional menus is not that difficult, and was never a problem with previous games in this series. I wish I could just get my money back. Congratulations, guys. You got my ten bucks. You won't get any more out of me."
76561198017697039,Not Recommended,255420,11318115,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Meakoda,"Imo 2014 did it right, things were set up in list format, the blochy white screen and environment and constant scrolling and poor interface make this game very unappealing to play. After 45 minutes of playing it was so disappointing to deal with the large amount of wasted time in getting around to find what you need and changes you wanted to make quickly. Also, the battles seem to take up more time with the turns due to the fact the developer thought it would be nice to add more movable graphics to each card play and turn. It's a card game....not an mmo or action game.I understand its a new game and it should take time to adjust, but the whole point of playing another version of the same game is that it shouldn't change from the simplicity of its functions. 2014 imo gave you that.The other thing I wish we could do with Magic the Gathering in general is actually build our own decks and play instead of dealing with the pre-made bull crap combo decks that ""THEY"" want us to play with.I had started playing Magic The Gathering during Unlimited and Revised editions, that was a long long time ago. Things just aren't what they used to be..."
76561198006391010,Not Recommended,255420,11293579,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,OHYOUKNOWZ,"Compared to their previous iterations this is definitely the worst and most blatant ""PAY ME"" MTG game ever. At least with Magic: Online you get to keep the cards you pay for. Do yourself a favor and do not purchase ever until Wizards drops the fud with this game.The point of MTG on Steam and whatnot is to be a lightweight MTG *WITHOUT* having to worry about a pay wall (no more repeatable campaign plays to unlock cards).  In any case, the random pack grind certainly takes its' toll on you.This game takes steps back with every release For one, their menus change drastically with every version. Magic 2015 includes a pointless and flashy menu GUI that is horrendously slow and takes up computer resources just to look ""Pretty"". It is overbearing to have so much time wasted to progress and go back to change settings, decks, etc. Their other versions were streamlined and had simplified menu systems. Why do this?Other versions gave puzzle challenges, replayability, faux sealed decks, and open decks, headed dragons for just the sticker price. Now you get campaign and multiplayer and nothing else. They built up this brand and now bait and switch MTG fans who enjoy the Steam versions. Do yourself a favor and keep your money and never buy again until they remember why we liked playing this MTG version. If you're new, try the other versions instead.I love MTG but this is one leaves a sour taste."
76561198034200826,Not Recommended,255420,11312305,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The Great Canadian Fuck Club,"Too much of an early game grind. The game gives you a few choices of decks, all of which are not very fun, and then forces you to keep that deck, without any option to reset. As with all DotP game's, it just feels like it missed being a pretty fun game."
76561197965960979,Not Recommended,255420,11312693,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,CodeName Deadzone,NO DOUBLE HEADED DRAGON ARE YOU KIDDING ME!
,Not Recommended,255420,11316865,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Billdozer©,Pros:Beautiful UI (Though it does seem to take years to get into any sort of duel)Full deck customizationInteresting StoryCons:GRIND FEST FOR CARDSBeing stuck with the vague impression of what your first deck was going to be for the rest of the gameNo 2HGNo ChallengesNo Planechase
76561198039938818,Not Recommended,255420,11623209,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sal Monella,"I really like some things about this game but not nearly enough to recommend spending money on it.   The deck building is really good and fun.  The excitment of not knowing what cards you are going to get when you win in the campaign is fun too.  That is about it for me.The cons outweigh the pros by a lot.   The game cheats so bad it isn't even funny.  Playing practice matches is painful at times.   The computer makes horrible plays that just leave me shaking my head and sometimes screaming at the computer.   It could just be a really really bad AI but it certainly seems like cheating.   Also, the ""randomizer"" for the decks is horrible.  I have never had this many runs of too many lands or not enough lands.  It is completely rediculous at times.   The last complaint about the games is that entirely too often the computer gets the exact card they need to stop any plans I have.   I don't mean once or twice but at least 25% of the time if not higher sometimes.I really hate having to spend even more money to get all the cards available.   Why not give us the game for free and then let us buy the cards we want?   What a pain.   Also the fact that once you complete the campaign you don't get anymore cards.  I can actually understand not giving out anymore rares or beyond.   That makes them special.   Why on earth can't we get a complete set of commons and uncommons though?  Those are the bread and butter of decks and make it much harder to build a good deck if we were unlucky and only got one or two of a really effective card.In conclusion, don't spend money on this game."
76561198025808480,Not Recommended,255420,11623129,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,giantsfan940,"I'll keep this short: The card pool is extremely, extremely limited. Making your own deck from scratch is really neat, but with such a small card pool, there's only so many viable options. Lack of two headed giant is also inexcusable. The game lags for no reason (and yes; my PC exceeds the recommended system specs by a landslide) and it's just very aesthetically unpleasant; everything is so white that it hurts my eyes. Also the ambient music is lame. I was super excited for this game but I'd say wait until they add more DLC and discount it. But for now: go play Magic 2014 instead."
,Not Recommended,255420,11367096,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,?!,from year  to year this game becomes worse and worse. MGT2015 had the stupidiest interface and dull multyplayer.They just sell cards and the same game without any serious progress.
76561198032351228,Not Recommended,255420,28172149,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rmound,Dissapointed that the cards do not display properly...  and the deck organization system is still clunky
,Not Recommended,255420,11867946,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,HammerTime,The game crashes and is unplayable. Tried verifying cahche and redownloaing multiple times with no fix.  Shame and a waste of money.
,Recommended,255420,24664325,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,PinheadLarry,This is a great game if you're new to magic and want to learn in detail how to play. It has taught me the ins and outs of playing the paper version and I am a much better player.I recommend it only if you're interested in playing a lot of battles. I have unlocked all of the main game cards without paying any extra money and in the process I learned to play magic a lot better and also learned how to build good concepts for decks.I don't recommend buying any of the card sets. You're just destroying the only purpose of this game by doing so. Play every campaign level. Explore every card set until you no longer get boosters and that means you collected all the cards for that set. I did so until I had them all.Overall it was a lot of fun.
76561198043926666,Not Recommended,255420,12285421,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Flylich,"Yes it has deck building, but the mechanics of this game are bugged all to hell. Game makes impossible moves, cannot count damage properly, and above all the shuffle mechanic is broken as ♥♥♥♥... I spent an hour trying to get a hand that did not either have 2 mana or 6 mana."
76561197992874042,Not Recommended,255420,11370801,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Vasiloff,No two headed giant. Infact the only multiplayer mode is free for all. Letting you unlock and fully create decks is great. No way to play co-op is just stupid. If i would have known they were going to leave it out of the game I never would have bought it.
,Not Recommended,255420,11379429,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Zylo,"This would have been a great game, except for one thing. In all the previous Magic games on steam you can change your deck. In this one you cannot. Furthermore, it does nto even tell you that. The deck you choose in tutorial is the deck you are stuck with for life, you cannot even uninstall and reinstall to start over with a new deck. I think they made a HUGE mistake in making this decision. I picked one deck in the tutorial to try it out and see if I liked it or not, well guess what, I was then stuck with it for life and I don't even like it.0/10 - that ruined everything for me."
,Not Recommended,255420,11315089,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pianta,2HG?? Add it and everything will be fine with the game i think!
76561198009823849,Not Recommended,255420,11315135,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Celtia,"((UPDATE: As of ""Garruk's Revenge"" expansion, some of the negative points I brought up are no longer valid. For example, aside from the expansion pack, cards are no longer locked behind paywalls (though they do require multiplayer play - which may put off some). In addition, the expansion bringing in new cards has done a remarkable thing for the depth of the card pool and possible strategies - 70-120 or so new cards are much more impressive in a game with true, free deck building.That said, I still cannot recommend this game over the previous installments unless you already own them and are looking for something a little new, for all of its flaws))I am currently an avid MTG player, having been brought in to the game via DoTP 2013 about two years ago, but mostly playing physical tournaments and drafts at my local store.Previous Duels of the Planeswalkers games were great ways to learn the game and some examples of cards and strategies from it, as well as experience a non-competetive, easy matchmaking service and a nice little progression aspect, even with a little light story thrown in. Ultimately, they were all greatly restricted in scope, mostly to avoid treading on the toes of MTG Online and the physical card game - Duels is, and always will be, an advertisement for the CCG and a great tutorial with some fun games to be had.This newest iteration allows you to build decks from scratch with the full pool of cards - something that, shockingly, was never in the previous 'modify an existing deck' design of the series - and has a slightly stronger story and cinematics than the previous ones, in my own opinion. It showcases some nice mechanics and visuals, and has EXCELLENT AI at the highest difficulties (with one or two questionable judgements every now and then), given the complexity of the game. The game also has some nice artworks and background lore/information for people new to the MTG universe, who are so interested.However. Even without DLC or Expansions, large amounts of cards are strictly locked behind a paywall. PvP players will note a distinct lack of multiplayer modes compared to previous games, and people seeking to grind cards to complete their collection and enhance the number of strategies will find the largely randomized nature of card acquiring to be infuriating - particularly since previous games allowed you to see which cards, in sequence, you'll unlock for each deck. The UI, while pretty, is clunky frequently when navigated with a mouse, scroll wheel and/or keyboard, likely a mark against the limited effort putting in to porting this game year in year out, when it appears to be gaining traction on tablets/iPad more than anything else.Finally, the card pool is...horrifically shallow. Multiple strategies exist, certainly, but its smaller than any previous Duels game - even before the DLC and expansions are taken into account, EVEN if you include this game's paid-only 'premium' cards. In addition, previous modes and game formats have been completely stripped from the game, and some of the most interesting mechanics in the planes/blocks/sets the game features are completely absent - or at least, not available to players, only the AI.All things considered, this series has taken one step forward and two, three or four steps back. There was never really a noticeable improvement with this series, year by year, but for long time fans this is, frankly, insulting. To call this an 'iterative' series is doing the word a disservice, as 'iterative' implies some kind of development, improvement or progression, which this game lacks. Just buy one of the older ones - there's no reason to get this one for a lot of people."
76561198019210216,Not Recommended,255420,11315667,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Wolf,"After playing this for a few hours now, I think this is a bad game. Agreeing with other reviews for example slow UI and you start with a terrible deck. And in multiplayer too many people are experienced players with great decks, which leaves us rookie players with no chance of winning. It's a real shame, since I had high hopes for this game - so much so, that bought it in advance. Uninstalled now and won't be coming back."
76561198022635274,Not Recommended,255420,11530551,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Artex Xuri,"All the decks are hamstringed from the start allowing your opponents, who all have decks geared and themed to work together with itself flawlessly, to steam roll you time and time again till the planets align and you get every card in the perfect order. you will spend the better part of the game either scrolling through defeat screens or restarting once the game mana floods/screws you time and time again. also good luck building a decent deck without purchasing the card packs. seems like a cheap attempt to make players have to buy more just to beat the game. do not play, do not buy, if you like the card game i suggest you stay the hell away from this and do better things with your time. in the end, would not suggest. limited card pool, multiplayer features are limited, they removed two headed giant and pretty much removed the fun factor too boot.."
,Not Recommended,255420,17778297,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Estar Guars,"Go freaking play with your friends in real life with real cards.Real talk tho, no Two-Headed Giant?"
,Not Recommended,255420,11319230,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Captain Beard Man,"I've purchased every Duels game, but I won't bother anymore.  This latest iteration is frustrating instead of fun, and clearly designed to be that way in order to push people to pay cash to unlock more powerful decks.  This is on top of the slow, clunky UI that makes the game annoying to play on top of being a frustrating experience.Conclusion:  avoid completely."
,Not Recommended,255420,11286577,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Spunky Boyman,"hell yeah, micro-transactions!otherwise, let's grind for boosters"
,Not Recommended,255420,11288302,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,pre roasted oyster mango chutney,No 2HG. Micro transaction bullchit. A step back from 2014.
76561198042183916,Not Recommended,255420,11298376,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RagedTerror,No 2HG
76561197970045602,Not Recommended,255420,11305819,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Counterspell,"I'm really disappointed.I liked the previous games, even though they had some serious bugs.But this is just a step backwards.- Dreadful userinterface:These unskippable animations will drive you insane.- Bad performanceI get more fps in Skyrim than in this card game.- Unfair pay2win mechanicsSooner or later you will hit the paywall...I'd get my money back if I could."
,Not Recommended,255420,11324119,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Joseph,Huge dissapointment.
,Not Recommended,255420,11324143,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Deliciousllama,A disappointment. Comparing it to Magic 2014 this is garbage. All the decks feel the same with small creatures. Games feel dragged out and decks with the most removal usually win. Due to my feeling with this game I am moving back to Magic 2014.
,Not Recommended,255420,11325010,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Cybersaurus,"Unlike M14 where you could play with any of the starter decks, in M15 you are locked in to playing with the first deck you choose, if this deck turns out to be mostly terrible you will find yourself losing most games, the only way to improve your deck is to then grind out AI battles winning one booster at a time with maybe 1-3 worthwhile cards at a time, and that's only if you manage to win against them.I only bought the special edition and not the complete edition so you may have more luck with that but in the end it comes down to spending more money so that you might be able to enjoy the game. If you are looking to get into magic I'd recommend M14 instead."
,Not Recommended,255420,11326077,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Sleepy,"This is a horrible piece of pay to win garbage. Stay away, whether you're a serious Magic player or just a casual fan."
76561197994807141,Not Recommended,255420,11326199,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Death Walker,Played a couple of games and couldn't get the controls to work. It kept thinking I had a controller after I unplugged everything it still didn't work. I can't even play this game because the controls are bugged. It is basically the same games as the as the last one. I would not recommend this game.
76561198006513505,Not Recommended,255420,11326950,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Espair,"To put it simply, I'm very dissapointed in this game, enough to write a simple review to not recommend it.Pros:+ Deck building : It's fun, freedom to choose what cards/colors/combos is nice.+ Card unlocking: Its much faster than previous games, and I like opening boosters at a time rather than just one card.Cons: (I wont go into depth, as it would be a very long review and I dont feel like writing so much)+ UI, it takes long for animations to play, it takes many clicks to get where you need to go, there are redundant buttons requiring more clicks, clicking does not register very fast, layout is terrible, design is hard to navigate.It is by far the worst UI I have ever seen in a video game.+ No lobby. There is no lobby for multiplayer. Playing with a friend? Too bad, cause you get booted to main menu after every match. There is no deck switching very easily before matches, you need to find it in the menu to switch, then renavigate to the multiplayer menu, all this takes very long with the horrid UI.+ No 2HG: This is a big one. The cut out this loved game mode. Now there is only 1v1 and 4v4. No one plays 3v3. Worse yet, there was no good reasoning behind it besides the fact one dev didnt like it according to his AMA on reddit. Shame on you.+ The campaign: Its frustrating when you are given a crap starting deck and faced with a well thought out deck that is stacked. They are stacked to combo as best they can against you. It doesnt feel like a good match, but rather just you hoping you can get lucky enough to win and unlock more cards to make you suck deck suck less.Some of the AI decks are just plain cheap.+ Card pool again. This time relating to cards the AI has and can play with, but are not available to you, even though they are in the game! Garruks awesome deck will never be available to make.+ More on card pool, there are very very few multi-colored cards, and few artifacts. The game is meant to play mono or dual color, limited choice even more.+ More on card pool. Premium boosters. The 300 card pool was a lie pretty much. You get 255 cards, unless you want to pay 3x the base game cost to unlock the rest.+ Chat. It is slow, unresponsive, and when its open, you can't interact with the game at all. So get ready to miss pausing for a counter spell if you want to chat in game.+ Bugs. Reported bugs for crashing. I have experienced crashes after a multiplayer game has ended.Overall, this is a terrible release and year for DotP. Worth $10? Maybe, but with the frustrations that come with this pile, I'm regretting a little. I would def not spend any more than $10 to be sure.Edit - what im really regretting is the poor job they have done with the game. I want to like it, I want it to work, but there are just so many flaws."
76561198112948310,Not Recommended,255420,11327487,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DeadlySquid,no two headed dragon???
,Not Recommended,255420,11328016,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Deathwatch27,"By far the worse DotP game I have ever played. The Complete bundle is a waste of money, and adding the premium boosters makes me feel like I'm playing an EA game."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,255420,11327771,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"So pay to win my children will be slaves just for watching the tutorial! The gameplay has become even slower and more laborious, if you can play magic without a retard AI prompting you with what to do constantly you wont want to play this."
,Not Recommended,255420,11327850,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pubby酱❤,"I can't play the game, always autoquit."
76561197966525759,Not Recommended,255420,11298779,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Stone Cold Steve Autism,"Pay to win, only a certain pool of cards can be unlocked through gameplay, with another pool being locked behind microtransactions.  Do not appreciate Wizards trying to make its customers pay for the content in a game they've already purchased.Worse than previous years' titles for a variety of reasons mentioned in other reviews.  UI is poorly optimized for PC, with clearly no effort given to make use smooth on anything other than touch-based devices.  Card pool is prohibitively small, with restrictions on numbers of owned cards.  Your collection can only contain 3 of any uncommon, 2 of any rare, and 1 of any mythic.  Game is a lazy, insulting cashgrab from Wizards.  If it were possible to demand a refund, I would be doing so."
76561197964573578,Not Recommended,255420,11300774,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Aous,"By far the worst magic the gathering game i've played,  and on top of that, it lacks 2 headed giant.you have to buy the game, and if you want to unlock better cards you have to pay even more money to buy premium booster packs.i for one like to have the full game when i've payed for it.the automatic mana tapping system is really bad.  and now i can't even start the game, i can't get further than the splash screen. another thing to mention is that the menu is so slow, so you'll be spending half your time manouvering the clumsy menu or changing decks.To summarize, magic 2015 offers....  microtransactions, clumsy menu, in my opinion no replayability  on the campaign, slow menu, bad mana tapping system, Pay to win, bad port to pc.magic 2014 offered more to the champaign, replayability, mulitplayer. and if you just want to build decks etc. i suggest you go buy some packs on the mtg website and play online instead.i'm disappointed, i expected more like many others did..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11323441,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,"Penguin Lawyer, Esquire",Just not happy. :(
76561198065937875,Not Recommended,255420,11324543,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Psycosiz,"Downgrade from previous DotP games, the UI is awful, taping lands is a MUST because the AI always choses the worst possible combination, small card pool with a lot of vanila overcosted cards."
76561197992083855,Not Recommended,255420,11309310,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Matyvalien,"It is same old magic , with quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cards , premium paid card boosters , and no multiplayer modes - yeah none of the previous years, only 2v2,3v3,4v4 not even 2headed giant , its a complete failure this year."
76561197960421321,Not Recommended,255420,11312957,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Barbaric Monkey,"Horrible, no two headed giant and the interface sucks.Just get 2014..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11325232,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mister_Sneeze,"PROS-the customization is amazing ive never really had enough money to buy a lot of cards IRL so being able to build any deck using the hundreds of cards is an amazing feeling especially if you deck works-the battle interface is a lot slicker than m14 but not by much I just recently beat m14 so I have a pretty clear idea on how it functioned.CONS (a lot longer)- you are limited in how many mythics, rares, and even uncommons?! This is the stupidest thing I've seen from Wizards. This is not the main reason why you should get the game it is still very functional.`sloooooooooooooow transitions a loading screen is a loading screen use it don't make it seam like it doesn't need it but that's why people didn't mind it as much in the previous versons is because they were put there for a reason.`Microinstructions this is what I don't like about this game the most I pre ordered the complete edition the hole sh-bang but I was still missing cards I have no idea why since I payed $35 even before I knew anything about it since I'm a huge magic fan IRL.-not enough modes I really didn't want to bring this up but I have to in magic 2013 we had Two Headed giant, planechase, online friend play, in 2014 we lost planechase which was my favorite, M15 lost everything besides online play this is why if you want this game is for the online play not for the mediocre campaign I find this completely stupid this is why I think you shouldn't get the game.-bonus con (just because)I almost beat the campaign in less than a day at this point when I am writing this I have played 9.5 hours and I am on the final battle against Garruk. Now I know a final boss is suppose to be hard I get that but it doesn't make since how his first form is laughably easy and all of the sudden he throws this huge curve ball with a different deck different play style which is fine and all but ive looked this up and it has been mentioned before I never get a playable hand I don't care what anyone else says the decks that I have made don't get that bad of hands this commonly ive tried fighting him with my deck 10 times with each of my decks and his first form I got a snap keep it was a perfect hand this once I beat him and I go to his second form drew a hand full of lands or no lands at all or lands and really high costing cards and anyone who has gotten to his second form knows how ridiculous some of his cards are so you need every advantage you can get but you never get a good hand. I know it is just a game and I know that this last situation happens to everybody it just suspicious that it hasn't happened to me ever on his first form.So my final verdict is a 4/10 its really a let down."
76561198004726659,Not Recommended,255420,11326084,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,foxhunt99,"This game is a big step back from previous release. Simply that bad.  The starter deck is so weak, and there is nothing you can do other than pay to unlock card.  The game is designed to take your money.  And it is not fun."
76561197998832783,Not Recommended,255420,11326616,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SumoRoller,No where near as fun as the previous ones.  Graphics are very plain and gameplay is sad.  Turned into a pay to win.
,Not Recommended,255420,11326923,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Carrots,"What a horrible game.  Last duels you could easily unlock awesome cards like Avacyn or Force of Will, but this game comes with amazing cards like Welkin Tern and Grizzly Bear.  Hands down worst update for any game, and it should never be played."
,Not Recommended,255420,11327530,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ConTorTion,"Pro: Full blown deck construction- finallyCon: Literally everything else...literally. If there's a thing you liked, it's now gone. No puzzles, no extra game modes. If there's somehing you hated it's worse; horrible menus, UI, and transitions and a brand new paywall."
,Not Recommended,255420,11328986,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Vissith,"No co-op, laggy and clunky UI, recycled SFX from last year. Overall this product is missing everything that made previous DotP products worth playing. The worst part, though, is that there are cards locked behind a premium pay wall. Somehow they think it's OK to change a series that's always been about playing MtG with a limited cardpool and to add a pay-to-win random premium card system. No thanks. This game can't decide if it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ installment of DotP or a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Magic Online. I would get a refund if I could."
76561197967303365,Not Recommended,255420,11327648,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Shatosen,Very buggy game.  Have yet to complete a duel as a result of crashes.
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,255420,11312974,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"This game is a super huge let-down. On it's own, it's still a pretty bad game, but compared to the previous MTG games it looks even worse.1. 2015 has no two-headed giant mode. Two-headed giant is the main reason why people play these game. Who wouldn't want to team up with their friends? It's really stupid for Wotc to take it out for no reason. Would it really be that hard just to add another game mode?2. 2015 is also missing the revenge campaign, challenges, and planeswalkers. Basically, all there is is multiplayer (free-for-all only) and campaign mode which is too short on it's own and becomes really easy really quick.3. The starting decks are a joke. There is no other way to say it. They're literally the worst decks I've ever seen, and trust me, I've seen some really bad decks. In fact, they're worse than the $15 starters you can buy in real life. (If you're a MTG player already, you know what I mean.) Just how bad? They're packed with heaps of common creatures with no special abilities and almost no spells. Playing the first portion of the campaign is literally painful.4. You get treated like a baby. If you've played MTG before you can skip the tutorial, but you still have to beat the tutorial boss. Then, after that, you aren't allowed to customize your decks until you beat the first ""real"" boss of the campaign.5. The difficulty curve is totally skewed. In the begining, before you unlock enough cards, the game is IMPOSSIBLE. Even though the AI's are utterly stupid and easu, the computer is allowed to have much better cards than you. Then, later on when you unlock a few cards, the game becomes trivial because the AI sucks too badly.6. Microtransactions. Instead of paying $1 to unlock a cool deck like the earlier games, you have to pay $5 to unlock a set. Even if you do, you don't actually get very many cards and most of them suck. It's such a huge rip-off.So basically, WOTC sold out. This game was clearly made with minimal effort and is obviously a lazy grab for more money. I pre-ordered it because I LOVE MTG and have been playing for years, including all the PC games, and now I feel like an idiot. Don't let your judgement be clouded just because it says ""Magic."""
76561198037073952,Not Recommended,255420,20892438,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,WubWubPwny,"While i would normally reccomend this game, the fact that the card collections so small, as well as that there are certain cards you can only get via the premium boosters. I believe the phrase is ""NOPE!"""
,Not Recommended,255420,17715026,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Minister,"there is not much reason to buy this game over any of the previous installments, dont bother."
,Not Recommended,255420,11357239,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,botb,"I would not suggest this game as the actual content is very low and the only real way to try and build a deck is to build the ""dlc"" packs. Then there's the issue of having the worst menu system ever where it takes very long to even switch between options and to try to add cards to a deck is an exercise in futility. DotP 2014 was fun but this is just terrible."
76561197985638454,Not Recommended,255420,11326340,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ghostmaker,Amazing how bad this game is. Starter decks so weak. I know they want to force you to buy decks but this is just silly. Epic fail.
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,255420,11282517,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,leqesai,"EDIT: One thing I forget to mention in this review is that you're limited on the number of card types you can have in MTG2015. You can only have 1 mythic rarity card and 2 rare rarity cards in your deck at any given time. Why they decided to do this I have no idea but it doesn't accurately represent the freedom that MTG gives players. If they wanted to do something like this for balance sake it should have been a separate mode within the game. MTG 2014 and 2013 don't work like this and it is a major failing of MTG 2015 to force this restriction on its players.As much as I'd really like to give this a recommendation I just can't. At its core MTG2015 is a good game. Just like... all of the past games in the series. The reason why I can't recommend this 'good game' is that it lacks some major features.First of all there is no two-headed giant game mode. This really shuts out the demographic that enjoys playing team games over free for all.Second you do not unlock cards via multiplayer. This is a major bummer because, I mean heck, MTG is primarily played for its multiplayer component. Forcing people to grind in random CPU matches for more cards is a major frustration. It forces people into the premium shop to buy boosters at 1.99 each... Which brings me to the next issue.Asking players to pay for boosters is one thing, but restricting access to certain cards is another. There are something like 300 cards available for the players to get. 300... Now I understand that the MTG2015 core set only has 269 cards but this is a video game. We should have access to a lot more than just the core set. Even if each expansion cost another 5-10 bucks. Avid MTG fans would pay it. Here you'll find yourself playing against decks with some truly awesome cards.. that you can't get... and in a lot of cases you'll get stomped early on because of this.In the future, if we see lots of restricted cards added to the mix, and multiplayer fixed I'd totally recommend this."
76561197993432028,Not Recommended,255420,11322894,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Myrianne,"I'm not giving this a thumbs-down because I expected to get full-blown deckbuilding for free or almost-free.  I'm not giving this a thumbs-down because the interface is absolutely awful and clunky, as has been said a million times already.  I'm not even giving it a thumbs-down because 2-headed giant, the only reason I got into this series of games to begin with, got removed.I'm giving this a thumbs-down because after purchasing all the bits and pieces of the game and unlocking all of the cards in the entire database, I'm still left with gaping holes in my decks while the AIs get to use multitudes of cards that I never can.  The number of multi-color (gold) cards in particular is abysmal."
76561198001218883,Not Recommended,255420,14105404,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Manslayer,I do not think this itereation of this Duels of the Planeswalkers is any good. The thing is it has less features and less interesting cards. This is by far the worst experience and I would recommend you just go play on Cockatrice if you want the whole create a deck experience. Or obviously get the real cards.
76561198073958206,Recommended,255420,29164560,Posted: 10 January,all,Archon,"Despite many of the negative reviews, I actually really like this game overall. Here's a breakdown.Pros:- You can custom build your deck to a much greater degree than in past DotP games- Reasonable card pool with many great and interesting cards- Good aesthetics though I wish the music would change more sometimes to reflect different environments- A feeling of progression as you unlock more and more cards with every duel won- Interesting ""explore"" feature that lets you grind for more cards (see previous) and give some flavor to the various worldsCons:- Certain aspects of user interface designed for mobile, so you'll have to 'scroll' left and right sometimes to get around- Campaign feels a little short even with the ""explore"" duels.- You DO NOT have any real synergy with your starting decks. This is unlike previous DotP where even a basic deck has some pretty clear synergy and combinations. You'll have to slowly get the pieces over the campaign and by the time you have any real synergy, the campaign is mostly over."
,Not Recommended,255420,11741214,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Vance,No 2HG = no good
76561198083862716,Not Recommended,255420,16750562,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kyara,"Apparently I don't have Theros/Ravnica etc card collections or foil stickers despite buying $23 version, so not really sure what I paid for. storyline decks are almost identical to M14. Very unhappy, wouldn't recommend this at all and would like my money back."
,Not Recommended,255420,21554993,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Impericus,"I've been a Magic player for many years, long before any computer games came out.Most of them sadly can't keep up with the game and are poorly excecuted. Overly poorly actually.Negative:- overly slow, turns take literally forever. You play a land and the automatic unskippable system will still guide you through EVERY damn sup-phase till finally you may end your turn to see the computer play ONE LAND and do the same.I am not overly pushy in games but HELL I don't have time for that.Standard games will still take forever thanks to this.- Animatians are unnecessary - please bring Shanara back, that game was from like 1993 and better than any of the new ones.- Deck creation is poorly at best and so limited that I barely can take it. This is one of the biggest parts in Magic gameplay. Sadly even the way you can interact will never come to pass because you are in the Twilight Zone waiting for your round to finish because hey...you played a land. Let's see what you can do.- Weird algorytm with land draw, went through statistics and boy, in 25 years of regular magic play I never had that issue. Increased land cards in decks to ridiculous amounts and still often you end up with three on the starting hand and then 12 rounds go by without ONE other land card....not sure how they actually shuffle the whole thing :D Opponent never has that issue by the way.Recommendation: Get some friends to play Magic, buy cheap commons in your local comic store and enjoy Magic how it should be: With friends, a good drink, some popcorn and FUN."
76561198039117494,Recommended,255420,15334214,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Staffy,"love this game, brings out the strategist in me, not just in play but along time before that in deck construction. Sure there are alot of players out there that talk crap, but there are also some awesome players that really understand tactics to the finest detail. 4 player is where it's at."
76561197970526807,Not Recommended,255420,11441619,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,xxargon,"Frustration Simulator, 2015."
,Not Recommended,255420,11339823,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lotridus,"At this time I cannot recommend this game because I cannot join friends matches, and my friends can't join mine.  Some serious patches need to happen fast.The single player game is great if you like fighting predictable decks, and they are finally allowing us to build any kind of deck we want from scratch.  Some people are complaining that they are getting their asses kicked too much and can't get through the campaign, but they probably don't know how to synergize with the cards they have.  I've spent $10 and have unlocked 90% of the cards so far and have no problems with that aspect of the game.The only other complaint I have is a couple of the mechanics don't work properly such as deathtouch + first strike.  Any card you throw at them will die before you touch them because they are proccing the deathtouch before the damage is settled.  If you have a 999/999 creature vs a 1/1 deathtouch first striker, the 999/999 creature dies and does 0 damage to the 1/1...Another rule broken is that the computer can have as many orange legendary cards on the field that they want.  It is normally limited to just 1 at a time.  More of an annoyance than anything to me.For $10 I have gotten plenty of fun out of it so far, but that will only last for so long if I can't play with my friends.UPDATEI have now spent $8 on the booster decks and have 50% of the premium cards...  so for another $10 I should have 100%.  So for $30 you get everything in the game if you buy the $10 base + $20 for 10 boosters, you have everything.  About the price of a full priced game.  No biggie.OMG MICROTRANSACTIONS!!!  PAY 2 WIN!!!   lol  Whatever..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11354510,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Johnbeck78,"Somehow the interface for each version of this game keeps getting -worse-.  The in-game menu takes far longer to load than you would expect, and navigating it to figure out what you want to do next requires memorizing blurry pictures.Pretty silly and annoying, but only $10.00 US.  And it's magic: TG.  Maybe I should buy an Xbox to play it properly.There should be a ""maybe"" button for if it's recommendable.I guess pay to play features wouldn't be so annoying if the menu was navigable, though I'd be damned if I were to buy a booster pack like it's 1995. :P"
76561197993713200,Not Recommended,255420,11389869,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ỏ̡̲̗̬͚̥̾ͥ͟ͅ,"I decided to write this review because of the huge number of strange decisions the developers took on this game, and because I find this game really controversial and find myself really torn in my opinion about it.I play it and will play it, especially if the multiplayr manages not to completely die, but more on that soon..First of all, the huge letdowns -The card amount is actually really low which dissapoints me a lot, and the amount of multicolored cards is shocking, as there is only 1 for each 2 color combination, I dont really understand that decision.And to get to the worst, and I now fear ultimate downside to this game,no 2 headed giant mode.It feels like such a sucker punch by the makers, and complete lack of interest in player feedback, to simply not include a favourite mode like that in this game.And as a result of this, the game's multiplayer is pretty dead, at times, there are like 20 games in total, but at the time of the writing for example, it was only three 1 vs 1 games and thats it.And lastly, the game menu is a disaster. When you start the game, you have to press ""Start"" to get to main menu.Well, I manage to press ""Start"" 5 or 6 times before it decides to react, it is that unresponsive, and the entire game menu navigation is cluttered by useless animations that slow the progress of getting to where you want down, and it is annoying to say the least..As a person who owns every Magic game so far, Im just sad based on how the makers approach player feedback, or rather, how they ignore it, and sad to see what they do with this franchise, as it would deserve a quick responsive menu, larger selection of cards, and great choice of game modes, not actually lesser number of them than before..There are good points about this game too, mainly the single player part which is pretty varied and can test you against all kinds of gamestyles.And of course the fact you can make any deck you want, any combination of colours and cards you have, and any number of decks except, as I mentioned before, the total amount of cards to choose from is in my opinion dissapointing.Based on everything said above, I cannot really recommend this game right now for anyone who would expect a great multiplayer experience. It is fun to play but it can get really hard to impossible to play a mp game.I for example prefer to play 4 player game instead of the missing 2HG mode and thats the least played, and as a result, sometimes I simply dont get to play it when I want to because there is no one playing it, not very good for a game just released..If you were a single player only player however, you may still want to consider it.Rating for SP players only - 75/100 -Fun gameplay but you may wish there was more cards to choose from, bad sluggish menu may annoy you, but the gameplay may still be worth it.Rating for players expecting a full Magic SP and MP experience 55/100 -Missing 2HG mode, very low amount of games hosted at the time of the review, a disastrously annoying menu navigation on a pc, and last, but not least for me on win 7, 6core phenom cpu, 8gb ram and Gigabyte 7950 HD 3gb gpu, a shocking amount of crashes, mostly during menu navigation, so anyone with a similar pc setup beware."
,Not Recommended,255420,11514281,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Myst,"Probably the worst of the series so far :(It really sucks that in addition to the unlockable card sets from the base game itself, there are a set of premium cards only available via micro transactions. With the already small card pool to build your decks it is kinda disappointing. Not to mention the premium cards are a lot of the times better aswell.Also no 2v2 or any kind of puzzles/challenges to solveIt can still be enjoyable with some friends but I wouldn't buy the game full price"
,Not Recommended,255420,11538525,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Onionesque,"If your idea of fun is being forced to grind through a weak deck in a series of intensely boring encounters, then this game is incredibly fun."
76561198128795307,Not Recommended,255420,11341528,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,byrdmanran,"I bought the Special Edition... i have no idea how to access the booster pack, soundtrack wallpapers or ebook. Deck sorting options are limited. You can't change decks mid campaign."
76561197969949469,Not Recommended,255420,11350097,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dirge_omatic,"terrible, its as if they cared only about the look of the thing and didnt care a thing for gameplay. you start with a very limited terrible deck that gets beaten easily and the only way to make it better is to pray for luck in the campaign or buy extra booster packs.its a money sink, your realy only paying for 1/4 of a game unless your pay for extra cards its just frustrating.there is also no good extra mode like commander or planechase."
76561197970735087,Not Recommended,255420,11363682,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Chimpy,"Clearly the games designers at Stainless were trying to make the game annoying this year. They've done really well in that regard.The menus are slow, unresponsive and annoying. The sound effects alone want to make me quit the game. The UI programmers need to be shot.There's only 1 deck to start with and the cards available to construct other decks out of are terrible. This makes the game very hard unless the player spends money on more boosters.During play the turns seem slow and sluggish. The game should be snappy and quick.Such a fall from the M14 game. Was all the budget spent on the 3D animations this year?"
76561198038867077,Not Recommended,255420,11369439,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,johnny42strom,"Do not buy this game!If you enjoyed Duels of the Planeswalkers (dotp) 2014, do not buy this game!  If you like Magic, do not buy this game!  No one should buy this game!Besides the slow and clunky interface is the fewest and weakest card pool since dotp began.  I was interested in this game as it was the first dotp game to have comepletely open deckbuilding.  No more pre-built decks forcing you use to use suboptimal cards to update them to a slightly better deck, I thought.  Well, I was correct about the pre-built decks being gone, but not about the sub-optimal cards.Issues:1) Card pool - The card pool is 400 cards.  This may sound like a lot, but spread across five colors, artifacts, multicolored, and lands and it is far too few.  Did you want to play an archetype beyond aggro, mid range, and control?  Too bad.  There's no support for ramp, dredge, or reanimator.  Also, since there are no pre-constructed decks, seeing fun blasts from the past are gone.  No mono W Humans aggro, no more GW enchantments, no more equipment deck.  There are no buildling blocks available to build anything but what you can build in a normal, boring draft.2) Card power level - The entire card pool is about the power level of M 2015.  As you unlock cards, all you'll see is more and more limited chaff that you'd be emberassed to play in a deck you constructed.  It honestly feels like you're playing M 2015 block constructed.  Yeah, that awful.  Gone are the days with powerful removal, wraths, cheap reanimator cards, good counterspells, or efficient creatures.  Most of the decks from dotp 2014, fresh from being unlocked, could beat the best thing I could build in dotp 2015.3) Microtransactions - Sure, the game costs only $10, right?  WRONG!!  A list of select cards are hidden in premium only packs, which can only be purchased from the cash shop.  There is no other way to get these cards other than to spend money.  I've seen reports it costs $50 to unlock 4 ofs for each of these cards.In conclusion, don't waste your money on this greedy, shallow, weak product.  Buy any of the other dotp games, at a fair discount these days, and enjoy those games.  Whatever you do, don't waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,255420,11370446,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,genequagmire,"You will be arbitrarily limited to one copy of Mythic Rares and two of Rares.  If I had known this, I might not have purchased this version.  Having the right cards to make an excellent deck and not being able to have the quantity to make it really run is super frustrating.Card pool is far too shallow to be satisfying and the game has a lovely habit of locking up my entire computer just before I win a big match (including Nissa and Garruk's finale.  I respect what they're trying to do here, but keeping the card set this uninteresting to discourage competition with the physical game just ends up making this feel gimped.  I feel like I got better value out of the previous installments, some of which I still play occassionally. Uninstalled, maybe expansions will help, but I don't know."
76561198043355864,Not Recommended,255420,11384100,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Supra Supreme,"It's a pay-to-win, simple as that. The game ""rewards"" you with a booster, which cotain 15 cards each, at the end of each battle with the AI, but that is not enough to actually modify your starter deck. So, what does the game expects you to do? Buy boosters and cards in their online store!Really, I play Magic with real cards, you know, the real stuff. And you know what? I already paid for each card individually, with money, you know? That thing that does not grow in trees. I'm not paying again to have the digital version of something I already have phisically. Wizard of the Coast already tricked me into paying 10$ for this game, and I'm not giving one more cent.If you like to spend money in something that doesn't exist, be my guest, but if not, go buy the real thing, so you can at least actually own cards.And to think the game system is working just fine. They could have something really good here, but turns out greed speeks a little louder.I've never written a review before, but this one got to my nerves."
76561198116833589,Not Recommended,255420,11386646,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Inominandum,"Like almost everyone has already said, this iteration of the game is a huge step back and a huge disappointment. If I wanted to pay microtransactions for boosters to be competitive at the game and build custom decks, I'd be playing MTGO. I've been a MTG player for 20 years. I'm thoroughly familiar with the game. MTG, on the whole is pay2win. All CCG's pretty much are. The fun thing about Duels of the Planeswalkers was it wasn't. It was a game for newcomers to get introduced to the game in a casual low-pressure environment or for more experienced players to kick back and enjoy MTG without having to worry about tuning their Vintage deck to stand up to Spike at FNM. Now DotP is about making money on micro-transactions. Its going to scare away new and experienced players alike. The basic formula here is start you off with 1 nerfed deck and ramp the difficulty much faster than you can improve your deck without either long sessions of grinding or ponying up a lot more cash for virtual cards. and to top it all off, they reduced the available game modes and made a menu system that is painfully slow. Big fail here, WOTC and Stainless."
,Not Recommended,255420,11430004,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Zanzou,"18 hours on hand, 100% completion of everything but Zendikar set and all I can say about it is it's hit and miss..Deck building is both hit and miss ... you can only have 2 rares, 3 uncommons and 4 commons of each cards.. this hinders deck building but was probably needed for balancing reasons so while it makes niche decks harder to build it keeps decks centered around one color from being completely ridiculous, I vote this part as a step in the right direction though various decks require you to buy 14 premium packs to unlock all of them (Less if you get lucky on the packs and are looking for a single specific deck) which is a step back, it's worse than unlocking 2 new decks for a fraction of the cost in a lot of ways. That and the seemingly random selection of cards with very little cohesion makes themed decks very restricted..so while they took a step in deck building freedom the tiny pool of cards is incredibly hindering the actual number of useful decks you can build. Premium packs in general are idiotic in general since when 2016 comes out you have to start all over and pay all over again, at that rate you might as well play MTG online.Multiplayer is a blatant miss, it's almost like they threw it in at the last minute and had absolutely no focus on it. 2 headed giant removed which was a huge bonus for 2014. You can't swap decks inbetween duels which leads to most people just scooping up the fight and leaving before it's done as soon as they feel (or know) they've lost.. no reason to stick around if a deck completely crushes yours since you can't swap decks inbetween fights, you've to leave the current game then change decks before joining a new one.   This is crushing to me considering multiplayer extends the life of games like these dramatically, with most of the cards unlocked I'm finding little point besides unlocking the rest before tossing the game away and shrugging off 2016.Give the game 1.5 out of 5 stars. Singleplayer is still there and they attempted to move into the right direction with deck customization, but the multiplayer was murdered, extra content removed, premium packs required for vastly improving deck building options.Challenges no longer a part of duel of the planeswalker? Miss.. those were interesting and fun parts of the series,"
76561198088042533,Not Recommended,255420,11434127,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,*****,"Honestly pretty lousy. Even after unlocking all cards other than the Premium cards, I've still yet to be able to put in my deck:- A sliver. Seriously. Magic 2015 adds bunch of interesting new Sliver cards and I was looking forward to playing with these and the 2014 slivers in a sliver deck, but no. An enemy has a sliver deck, but you don't gain access to any of them- A planeswalker. Magic 2015 adds new planeswalker cards. I never saw one the entire game.On top of that, the extra content you pay for in the complete bundle is a total joke and even once you've spent $40 you still need to spend another $30 on the premium boosters if you want to unlock all cards. $70 for a game may not be that excessive, but it is for a game as weak as this.Even when you do, the provided cards are pretty lousy. A basic white weeny deck is probably the best thing you can make in this game and it absolutely smashes every opponent, but it's a shame the cards aren't available for any more interesting strategies. The starting decks are some of the worst I've seen in Magic. The first real battle (at the end of the tutorial) isn't so much hard as irritating. Guaranteed both you and your opponent will end up topdecking lands for half the battle - but don't worry, because your opponent doesn't have anything to cast with them either. Just comes down to who can get a couple of creatures out early on and 1-damage the enemy to death.Don't play this."
76561198049516986,Not Recommended,255420,11451132,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,rtbr93,"*This review is written from the perspective of an experienced player in both the paper game and the Duel of the Planeswalkers series.*Magic 2015 is the newest game in the annual Duel of the Planeswalker series. Other than the beautiful yet short cinematics and the fact that the game is a licensed Magic: The Gathering product, there are very few positive things to say about this game.The user-interface is done in a clunky, slide-show format, making only four options visible on the menu at a single time. Numerous game modes present in prior editions have been removed. The Two-Headed Giant (cooperative) format for multiplayer will be the most noticeable for many players, who probably purchased the game for multiplayer games. The Challenges (puzzles) and Revenge Campaign - a second campaign with more difficult opponents, which appears after the completion of the original Campain mode - are also no longer present.The largest and most noticeable change to the game is the way decks are chosen and constructed. The prior editions of DotP contained numerous pre-constructed decks. The player unlocked additional cards for your deck by playing and winning with it. the player would then use the cards you received to improve their deck, win more, and repeat the cycle. In Magic 2015, this is no longer the case. Decks are now individual constructed by the player from a card pool. With every win, you unlock boosters, which contain new cards for your card pool. Besides who makes the deck, it would still seem that the player win cards to improve their deck to win more cards. This is not the case however.One of my favorite parts about the prior DotP games was the pre-constructed decks. The decks were mostly balanced and - barring a few exceptions - almost all of them were playable with zero cards unlocked. This was great for new players. They could learn the mechanics of the game without being punished for lack of experience with deck construction. Many of the decks were well constructed and included cards that I simply cannot afford to play in real life. This was great for experienced players on a budget, such as myself. The deck construction was constricted, but that kind of constriction prevented too large of a metagame from forming. I'll stop lamenting, but I guess my favorite part of the old DotP games is that every deck was playable to everyone, regardless of a player's skill level.With Magic 2015, the player starts the game by choosing a deck archetype composed of two colours. Once the player chooses their deck, they are stuck with it. These are the only cards that they're going to have to play with until deck construction opens up. This is not a good thing for new players, who will be stuck if their skill level is not enough to overcome the handicap of terrible cards. Once a player has won a few matches, they will have unlocked a few booster packs. The cards in the packs by this point will likely not be enough to make a new deck, and if so, not one of any value. In fact, one of my largest issues with the game as a whole was that the card pool was terrible. Green decks have Cultivate, but no Rampant Growth. Red decks have Shock and Bolt of Keranos, but no Lightning Bolt. Black decks have Assassinate, but no Doom Blade. Griselbrand is all but unplayable in a Black-Green deck designed to get him onto the field.Regardless of how terrible the cards in the card pool comes my other large issue with the game - the metagame. The other DotP games had a metagame, but it is much more mild than the metagame of Magic 2015. This game's metagame is similar to that of Block constructed. In time, only certain decks will be viable in multiplayer, making multiple other decks and cards unplayable. By creating a card pool with flexibility, Wizards of the Coast only limited the amount of playable cards even further.If you want other decks to be useful, then you may have to pay. Pay real life cash. Monocolour decks benefit greatly from their respective Paragon, and a Five colour deck is only justifiable with Maelstrom Angel. These cards are only available in a Premium Booster, which are two dollars a piece with no other way to unlock them. I would have rather payed $20 for a game with all of the card unlockable in game, than $10 for a less than complete game. If you want a card game where your cards are determined by chance, you have infinite flexibility of card construction, a strict metagame, and pay real money for cards then play Magic the Gathering Online. It has all of that and more.In short, Magic 2015 falls short of Magic 2014 by trying to be Magic Online. Magic 2015 has less features, a terrible card pool, a strict metagame, and a pay to win mentality. It is neither a true DotP game or MTGO/MODO. If you want to play real Magic in a digital format, then invest in MTGO/MODO. If you want to play a smooth game with smooth decks, get Magic 2014.Positive:- Beautiful cinematics- Magic: The Gathering licensingDrawbacks:- Poor user interface- Poor deck construction- Poor card pool- Locked content- Removed cooperative multiplayer- Removed Revenge campaign- Removed challenge feature"
76561197997108216,Not Recommended,255420,11351518,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Lhank,"A bit dissappointed.  Missing is my favorite feature of 2014 - Sealed Tournament Play.  In addition there are several other modes of play missing, it feels like half the game that 2014 was.  I've beaten the campaign and I have no reason to ever touch the game again."
,Not Recommended,255420,11434187,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,gameallday,"They had a realy fun game last year. This one blows.The Menues take way to long to load.And are badly done.And you do not have the option to play all the cards.""Even after buying all you can buy for the set.""So in closing 2015 is not even a close runner up to 2014.Wast of money . :("
,Not Recommended,255420,11520181,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Turd Boy Jones,Definite step back from last years edition. I highly reccomend you AVOID
76561197993766101,Not Recommended,255420,11568745,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,woofwolf,"Didn't think the interface from Magic 2014 could be made worse, but they've succeeded admirably in hiding features behind swipes and clicks.There are no challenges. The AI is lame... or maybe hindered by lame decks.Would it have killed them to make a text search interface? Want to find every creature with the word 'Draw' on it. Tough, read the cards.Guess it's back to 2014 and Hearthstone."
,Not Recommended,255420,11334949,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Violet Strix,"Nope.The menu alone is enough to skip this. Navigation is slow and everything is burried in one menu after the next.I cant imagine what the interface designer was thinking...I dont mind the grind to get cards but it gets frustrating to play against an opponent with all the perfect cards.The table games are played on is a goofy space ship theme. You cant change it.Since Wizards does not want their digital games to compete with their paper game, the digital games will always be lacking."
,Not Recommended,255420,11546324,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Uiriamu,"Gameplay is pretty nice I guess, but combat phase can sometimes be a bit weird when cards have first strike and lifelink. The menu of the game is off puting, slow, sloppy, clunky and basically really confusing. I like what they did to the style, it's slick, modern and fresh and still keeps it's fantasy theme I think. Though, since the menu is so slow and clunky it is really a hassle building decks etc... It's worth trying though, this is just my personal opinion and yours might be different."
76561198042174213,Not Recommended,255420,11563424,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Futtbucker,"I picked up this Game after i played DotP 2012, 2013 and 2014.And this is by far the one with the least Game features. Sure, you get to create a custom deck and you get to play the new Core Set. And the ""Storypart"" is the best so far in the series. But they eliminated all the Fun-Modes from the previous Titles. Two Headed Giant? Planchase? Archenemy? forget it. You just play against the AI or vs players. Thats it.The game contains several bugs that are deadly for new players f.e. you play the green card: ""Cultivate"" so you get to choose 2 Landcards out of your Library (1 for your Hand and the other one tapped onto the Battlefield). After you choose one the Confirm button changes to ""Finish"" if you press it you just get one card on the Battlefield and thats it. So if your time runs out it might happen that even experienced players forget to pick a second one. And thats just one Example out of many.The second thing that bugs me is that after you created your custom Deck you want to test it. How it does what can be made better so on and so forth. So you travel from Decks to Singleplayer, to Practice, to the Enemy, you play the Match,  (you notice a weakness,) you go in to the Menu, you leave the Match, you leave the Practice window, you leave the Singleplayer Menu, you go back to Decks, you get to Edit your Deck. Thats 11 unnecessary steps you have to make. Why not integrate a shortcut to your Decks in the Match Menu? And why is the Menu Navigation overall so slow?Right now with all those Bugs, bad Design decisions, a small Cardpool and without the Two Headed Giant Mode its not worth to buy it. Wait for additional Cards, Bugfixes and hopefully the addition of at least 2HG when its on Sale get it. Otherwise stay away from it and play Hearthstone."
76561197999342724,Not Recommended,255420,11338403,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,PolarBearRage,"This is a huge step back from previous Magic DoP games.  Be warned you will be more frustrated with playing this version.   Wizards has somehow managed to take the fun out of DoP.  The problem for me is I neither have the time and nor do I want to invest in buying cards.  I just want a quick MTG game match.  This game does not even come close to the previous versions in delivering that experience for me.In order to improve the deck you have to spend more money to buy booster packs.  The big problem for me is once you select a deck you are stuck with it.  You will reach a point where you just can't get beat the AI opponents.  Shame on me for being sucked by both Steam and Wizards of the Coast on this purchase.  I will have to be careful going forward with buying games from Steam.   Games like this should fall under a new warning label ""In order to complete this game you need to purchase in game items."""
,Not Recommended,255420,11339201,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gryzzle,"Oh god, where do I start? There is so much wrong with this game that it makes me puke just looking at it sitting in my Library...Pros:- They finally give you full customization. Unlike previous installments where there were presets that you could customize.- Ingame the HUD pleases me. It's nice.- Decent videos I guess.- You can get most of the cards save for the premiums without wasting cash. If you like grinding.Cons:- Full customization with no synergy. Honestly it is frustrating to think about how many cards are in every expansion and the 2015 core and then having to deal with the sad select few they hand you in this game.- Slow interface. Honestly the main screens take forever to load. I sometimes have to doubleclick an option before it recognizes that I want to go into a Campaign duel. Less fog more response rate please.- Grinding. Never do this in a game. It's not fun.- Premium boosters. Yeah there's always a second price when it comes to MTG. And to be honest there are some cards in these boosters that can definitely define whether a deck is decent or groundbreaking. I'm looking at a specific enchantment. This is optional however and still requires you to get a lucky draw in game.- Black is known for a few things; removal, reanimation, and undead. The target removal is expensive, come on Flesh to Dust? Ulcerate is ok but hurts you in the process. Agent of the Fates and Tribute to Hunger are good but random selection. White has better removal. Reanimation? Nope. Undead? Nothing to make it work.- Game searching is terrible. Be smart, host your own and wait for someone else to join it.- Two Headed Giant does not exist. How do you forget this? Everyone loved it, why remove it? And if it's going to be removed you better at least add Planechase! Or something new. But guess what, we got nothing from this loss.Games got potential, but the method it was executed under is just pathetic. I wish I could get my money back. Yes, $10 is not much, but honestly I don't want my $10 to support this game. I'll probably only play it from here on out to play with friends. Hopefully the DLC they release might add a few cards that will help synergize decks better.If you want to play MTG with real customization you can buy Magic 2014 and look up how to add custom decks. If your pals have the right files you might be able to play online too. Otherwise have fun grinding and good luck making a decent deck with your favorite colors. If your favorite color is white or includes white then you're definitely good to go with Magic 2015."
76561198098396656,Not Recommended,255420,11362970,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Zink,"A major step backwards in an already laughably niche series. With a pitiful card pool and a removal of key features from previoius titles, all added on top of a confusing set of AI players and an unforgiving UI, this game only really sets itself up for those who have nothing better to do and no one else to play Magic with."
,Not Recommended,255420,11370475,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LOL_14_F_CALI,"Wow, the starting deck I got was so bad that I couldn't even beat the first match out of the tutorial. This is dumb."
,Not Recommended,255420,11431104,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TonyOrtiz,"What a slap in the face from Wizards. The game actually costs 30 dollars. You suffer through campaign mode to end with 30% of the cards in the game. Hey, we gave you the ability to make your own decks finally! Now give us 20 more dollars or you won't have access to any of the cards actually played in standard! ♥♥♥♥ you Wizards. You♥♥♥♥♥♥all over anyone trying to play your game online. Between this and MTGO you may as well just send us piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the mail. Done with your company for good this time."
,Not Recommended,255420,11535319,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Ulther,"One step forward, two steps back.Pro: They added the ability to build your own decks (From about 300 different cards - not masses, but not so bad)Con: They removed 2-headed giant, so no 2v2 games.Con: You cant switch decks in lobby, you have to go back to the main menu.It feels like the developers have no idea what they are doing, or what their playerbase actually wants."
76561198052330158,Not Recommended,255420,11351688,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Abamon,"I have to agree with most of the above negative posters.The solo experience is awful. Way to overpowered AI with unlimited( or so it seems ) amount of the precise respons to whatever you have.I'm at the last boss Garruk and i'm getting frustraded to say the least.I really like the new card building tool though and I love the game play, but the solo campaign and AI really sets me off."
,Not Recommended,255420,11363202,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"great stepdown from DotP 2014, going tablet on your games is the worst idea.AI always gets exactly what they need and you get nothing but gimped decks"
,Not Recommended,255420,11339739,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Jeeps,No 2HG(2vs2) .... No party!!!!
76561197974160177,Not Recommended,255420,11340539,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ubermensch,"Really lousy; the interface seems designed to ensure that the paper card game is more fun.  Ultimately, it made this less fun than most free CCG games you can play online.  I'm a huge fan of the game and bought it hoping that there would be a ""turn based"" version, but instead it continues to progress with a series of timers, meaning that even a straight-forward game takes about 15 minutes.Gorgeous, though."
,Not Recommended,255420,11341677,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,mirosama,"♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE, EVERY SINGLE THING IS COUNTER INTUITIVE"
76561198052516382,Not Recommended,255420,11342688,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,LurchenGamer,"I have been a fan of this series for roughly four years. This is by far the worst iteration that I have seen. The interface is glitchy, modes are missing, and all in all this was a very disappointing purchase. I felt like it was a waste of ten dollars."
76561198047615991,Not Recommended,255420,11343254,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,cWo | sinister,"I would like to begin by saying, Wizards if you would have really ""listened"" to us there wouldn't be so much complainers.I was super stoked about building your own deck from scratch but the card pool is garbage.  Also you can't 2v2 which really ruined this game for me.  Most people don't like playing 1v1, so when they play 1v1v1v1, its more like 3v1, so thanks for that Wizards.  There are also cards you have to pay for to unlock which I find even a bigger let down, you give us a bad card pool, no coop, and to top it off you show us cards we have to pay for to unlock...  Bravo Wizards epic fail.On a positive note, I did find it enjoyable to unlocking booster packs as I played through the campaign.Here's a thought, include coop, a better card pool, I'm thinking cards from 2014 and before, and better themes we can come up with and make.End note, Wizards hasn't listened to us at all."
,Not Recommended,255420,11343446,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,8======D,This is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t noone buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game please. campaign is stupid all the decks are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ half the time your either stuck because you cant beat the mission with the cards you have and the other half you hope to god the AI gets mana screwed. Once you beat the campaign you dont even have enough cards to make a decent deck so your still using the♥♥♥♥♥♥decks they give you. this is 10/10 the biggest dissapointment. stupid pay to win games. The only Pro here is you can create your own deck everything else is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ and whats the point in creating a deck if you can only make the same generic decks. who made this some yahoo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s?
76561198025723552,Not Recommended,255420,11347056,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ssolun,"This is by far the worst duels of the planeswalkers created to date.  The series used to consist of fun synergistic decks in which you could unlock rare cards to make them more powerful.  Now you start with your choice of mediocre deck in the colors you prefer.  Youre starting deck will look like a typical draft or sealed deck.  As you progress through the campaign you unlock boosters (which may not have rares) in which to improve your deck.  The first half hour or so is fun but magic players tend to quickly get bored of playing the same weak deck over and over.  The opponents decks are much more crafted and synergistic.The overall card pool is far to small to be able to make any cool fun to play decks.  At most you will have 2 of a particular rare and 1 of a particular mythic rare.  Any deck you create will play out as a bunch of random cards that for the most part do not complement each other.The in-match interface is the usual clean and simple arcade design we are used to though the rest of the interface during deck construction, options etc.. is somewhat clunky and difficult to use.Another feature which is oddly missing is the 2 headed giant.  Many people found this game style to be the main reason they purchased Duels to begin with.Overall I would give this game a 4/10 and would label it as a do not buy."
76561197990517164,Not Recommended,255420,11347854,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,PolyOne,"To sum things up:Playing this game is a frustrating experience. At times I can really sense that there's a very good game at the core of everything, but sadly, it's all hidden behind a horrible framework and strange design decisions. The game seems stuck trying to emulate the original card-game, but failing horribly by not adapting well to digital standards and the current market expectations of players.Things I like:- Deck-building is simple and a welcome ""addition"" to the digtial version of Magic.- Good AI. I've rarely seen it pull off bone-headed moves and it's decently challenging. It does ""cheat"" during some campaign missions, but I'm not really bothered about it.- There's a lot of different cards, rules and concepts used in this game and you can combine in fun and interesting ways.- Nice art; almost all cards are well painted and the graphics are well done in general. The interface is also(visually) clean and simple.- Fairly cheap, unless you start spending money on Premium cards or unlocking ""free"" cards early on.Thigns I dislike:- The incredibly dorky and uninteresting story. Apparently I saved the world by the end(or a plane?), but I don't really care.- Unpractical and sluggish Menu-system. Feels more like a poorly made conversion from a tablet-version than a proper PC-version. It's frustrating how the mousescroll and the keyboard don't always work, and buttons often don't react the first time you click on them.- You won't be having a good time for the first half of the game unless you're persistent or managed to pick a good starting deck. How will you know which deck that's good? You won't, unless you look for external sources.- Lack of information and explanations of several rules, mechanics and cards. I know there's A LOT to cover here, but the in-game tutorial can't prepare you in any good way for what's to come.- Several cards that would have complemented my play style very well would have to be unlocked by paying for a chance at the premium lottery store. This business-model is still a horrible idea.- You can only unlock cards by playing the single-player campaign and random encounters against the AI, forcing you to a dull and fairly uninteresting grind if you want most of the cards.- Some features don't seem to work correctly. For instance, I've received at least two achievements on steam that I didn't actually deserve to unlock, at least according to their description. The online matchmaking also seems to have problems connecting me to games - I only succeed at about every third or fourth attempt.- Using the same graphics for several cards. I know this is a minor gripe, but it feels rather sloppy considering the huge bank of material that this developer must have access to. I'm pretty sure someone could dig up another image of some frog to use on that other card, instead of using a duplicate."
,Not Recommended,255420,11351654,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,snowdrop,"I've been playing MtG in both paper and digital form since it came out and want to love this release, but I can't. As all have already noted there is somethingveryoff with the interface. That coupled with:1) ""DLC""-content which can't be obtained by just playing, actually masking the cost of the real game: It's not even a real dlc - it's the rest of the game that you never got when you originally purchased it.2) removed multiplayer modes from what previousley existed.3) strange everlasting GUI transitions.4) a matter of taste, but imho the current card sets included are also underwhelming compared to previous releases. This is however highly subjective.5) cards are constantly moved vertically every time there is a fight for no reason whatsoever. Disasterous graphics design call...Don't get me wrong: I will still play this game. I still like it. I just don't think the ""free deckbuilding"" that is the only thing new in this release compensates for all the other issues. All in all the previous 2014 version issuperiorfrom my perspective, and if you are choosing between which to pick up stick to 2014."
,Not Recommended,255420,11353098,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Porkins,"In short, this game feels worse than each of its predecesors, and feels like it added one major feature while striking others.  This net change feels like regress rather than progress.  The game still offers some fun, but I can see it getting very stale very fast.Pros:Magic: the GatheringCustom Deck BuildingThe pool of cards is fairly close to those that are currently standard-legal in the paper game.  The set pulls heavily from Return to Ravnica, Theros, and Magic 2015.Cons:Arguably worse than DotP 2012, 2013, and 2014. (Did not really play the original).The UI is painfully sluggish, and is less efficient than previous iterations.Though one can manually change how mana taps, the AI is less intuitive with its automatic mana tapping than before.  I've seen it tap all of my mana of a color and leave open a color I didn't have spells for.The base card pool feels very lacking.  I have not yet pin-pointed why.To unlock premium cards, one must buy boosters which contain random cards.  I personally find this annoying as one can pay $2 with no guarantee that the card (or any card at all) that they desire will be included.The only multiplayer versions are Free For All with varying numbers of players.  This gets boring really fast to me.I consider Magic: The Gathering to be a major hobby of mine, and I have enjoyed the past DotP games despite any faults.  However, this game feels like such a downgrade, it's very hard to enjoy.  Plus, the game feels boring after a surprisingly short period."
,Not Recommended,255420,11353476,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jeyu,"This game is not worth the money, do not invest. Magic is a great game and there are far better uses of 10 dollars than this poorly designed mess. You deck is and always will be far weaker then any deck the A.I. is playing, while you cast a Guild gate and a 3/3 for 3 that does nothing the computer is playing Tropical Islands and Bayous using them to play real cards that do something. The story is laughably short maybe 5 hours total if you aren't just restarting over and over trying to win a duel.The unlocking of cards would have been cool assuming that you had any real amount of cards to unlock that would make your deck far better but as it stands there are very few cards in each color that make it worth building a deck in that color. and if you still are determined to buy this game I'll offer one bit of advice. Build a Black Green deck that runs Spider spawning and Nemesis of Mortals that mills you. Probably the strongest deck in this entire game. (At least until they add more cards to this game)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11358321,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Abi Alien,"Easily the weakest of the DotP series. The starting pool of cards is so weak that it makes the intro packs they make for the paper format seem top tier. To remedy this, you can grind for booster packs by replaying the same encounters over and over. It's much harder than in the previous games where you were given viable pre-built decks that you could use from start to finish of the campaign. This can be made to seem as a ""plus"", Magic 2015 having more an emphasis on deck building than previous titles, but with the weak starting pool of cards, and the little synnergy amongst them, I'd rather just play the earlier title and learn the game with a competent deck."
,Not Recommended,255420,11362085,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,suihanki,"Really disappointed by the lack of unlockable decks. They took the 2015 version in the wrong direction in my opinion and seem to have similarly disappointed a lot of other fans.The weird cylcing menu UI is basically the same, just with some fancier artwork (which I do like).In game - the card images seem really fuzzy unless you zoom in and there don't seem to be any graphics settings you can change to improve quality.Overall - this version is an unfortunate step backwards :(UPDATE: I am an idiot - at least about the visuals. Completely missed the fullscreen/resolution settings."
,Not Recommended,255420,11362978,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bambino,The Games Not Worth-NO two headed giant?!?! = ♥♥♥♥ This Game-No Card synergy and some card you need to buy with real money like wtf =  ♥♥♥♥ This Game Even More-The ♥♥♥♥ing menus take forever to navigate I could get my degree and be back before i actually start a game... = ♥♥♥♥ Dis♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047644016,Not Recommended,255420,11370143,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Prolly,"Cards are locked through paywall, and the campign is either terribly easy or, like the last boss, incredibly hard as they have the same cards everytime (which are cards you can never get btw). The lack of 2HG is disappointing as well. I saw other bad reviews but I thought hey, couldn't be that bad right? Wrong. Additionally, any time you want to go make changes to your deck it takes almost a minute to cycle through the menu and watch the animations, which gets annoying after a while. The mana management AI is terrible also, so make sure (if you do buy the game) to go switch auto-land off ASAP. Finally, you can only have one deck ""equipped"" at any one time, so if you want to switch decks you have to through the menu."
76561198044281230,Not Recommended,255420,11374473,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Wiinsomniacs,Get DotP 2013 or 2014. Avoid this like the plague Garruk's got floating around him.
76561198053352495,Not Recommended,255420,11377872,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Abang-senpai,The IDEA of deck building is sweet. That's it. It gets frustrating once you know you cannot build any kind of deck since some cards can only be unlocked by paying more. Might as well place back the $20 price tag rather than these microtransaction.
76561198011763770,Not Recommended,255420,11381995,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Commzor,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  Not a joke.  Dont buy this garbage.
76561198024589264,Not Recommended,255420,11383477,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Isaac,"Manages to somehow be even worse than the lackluster Magic 2014 by removing features that have become a series staple (such as Two-Headed Giant, both local and online) and restricting access to cards behind a paywall of microtransactions. The best cards in the game are blocked off behind $2 a pop for premium boosters, so players who have dished out cash for these will always win online matches. Deck building is something fans have wanted for a while, and while it works in itself, it is extremely limited, almost as much as the atrocious sealed play in the last instalment. Once you choose a colour you are locked down to it, and you must build a deck focused around that and one more colour. This cannot be changed. You can create a new deck using unique colours, but with the small amount of useful cards you pick up from random boosters (one per victory) these decks will inevitably lose every time.Besides these drawbacks, the user interface is slow and clearly designed around a tablet device. Transitions and loading times are appaling and the game is bland and dull to look at. Swiping through icons for every menu choice should never be a feature in ANY PC game. There are also significant problems with the AI - some blatantly cheat and use cards that are unavailable in the game. When a loss comes from a lack of fairness the game becomes incredibly frustrating and even less fun to play.This is a joke of a game - a truly pathetic, lazy attempt to please fans who have demanded full deck customisation for years. Well, they gave it to us, but they also took away everything else. With Hearthstone being as popular and well received as it is, this game needed to be great to compete, and it is not."
,Not Recommended,255420,11385037,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ub2slw,DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITYSHIIIIIIIIIIITY SHIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTY
76561198091095836,Not Recommended,255420,11421498,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,UltimateAverageJoe,How did they mess it up so bad from last year. I've put my time in and tried to give it a chance but I'm done and going back to playing something else. Don't buy this version get 2014 it was a lot more fun.
,Not Recommended,255420,11439586,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Antonisthier,"Eh, it's okay. If you already really like Magic and are the kind of fellow who bought every single other DotP game, you're gonna be addicted by this until you've got every single card unlocked (too bad there's the unholy Premium set which costs a small fortune to unlock). However, you will also be very frustrated because this installment in the series is in a lot of ways inferior to the others. In either case, I wouldn't really recommend this game.If you're new, I urge you to buy DotP 2012, instead. The decks in that one are the best - there are some really awesome decks in that game.And that already leads me to the biggest problem with this one, in my view. There are enough people who have written about the abysmal way the game starts you off (which, by no doubt, is designed that way to make you pay money to unlock cards quicker). It is abysmal. And it also leads me to my main problem - the card pool is severely limited.I have picked the Black/Red deck at the beginning of the game. It was based around stealing creatures and sacrificing them. One of the best things about Magic in general (and, notably, the other DotPs) is that you get to improve the strengths of your deck as you go along and collect cards. I eventually saw that I was unable to do that. Sure, I got stronger cards which made my deck stronger - but only very few cards improved on the theme of my deck. Eventually, I simply won because I got to draw and play those strong cards, not because I utilized the mechanics and themes of my deck to their fullest. I thought that I just had poor luck with my booster. I didn't. There simply were almost no cards at all which built on that theme. The best permanent card which allows you to sacrifice creatures was already in the deck.As I found out about that fact, I abandoned the deck and made a series of other decks, which all disappointed me in the same way - there was little possible interaction between the cards, or the interaction was simply too weak to hold up against the extremely powerful decks you fight in the campaign. Even if you just want to make a powerful deck with strong cards, you will find that, for some unknown reason, certain mana ranges only have rather weak or situational cards to offer. Eventually, I managed to make a deck I had fun playing, and also was able to win with, by combining three different colors so as to have more choice in cards (something which I highly recommend if you find yourself in the same position I was in).The card pool is cripplingly small. By now, I have unlocked every non-Premium card and have already taken a closer look at the cards available. A lot of really popular and neat card archetypes just simply aren't there at all, or are extremely underrepresented to the point that their corresponding cards aren't only very poor representatives of their archetypes, but will also take you a long time to find in the first place. Since I have always heavily prefered Red and Black over the other colors, I mainly noticed which of their archetypes fall into this category; these would be: black reanimation, black sweepers, big black demons which require sacrifice, red board-changing sorceries, red sweepers, red creatures which come back from the graveyard, etc. But I have also noticed that decent blue card draw is very hard to come by - let that sink in for a moment.Let's go back to DotP 2013. The decks weren't quite as good as DotP 2012's, but I still clearly remember some of the decks in that game (while I remember none at all from Magic 2014, on a side note). That game made me learn to appreciate Phoenix creatures, and I had turned into a bit of a fan of them. They may not be very impressive as you initially play them, but as the game goes on, you'll be more than happy to find a Phoenix in your graveyard, and some of them lend themselves to some really tricky plays. There's nothing at all which resembles that archetype in Magic 2015, not in Red, not really in any other color, either.To add insult to injury, if you play the game on the harder difficulty settings, your opponents will have access to strictly better cards than you have. Sometimes, you may find yourself facing off againt a deck using a similar theme as you are, but with much, much better cards, and more cards to fit the theme.There is also a lack of just plain gimmicky cards. There are very few cards which would lend themselves to have a deck built around them. Give me Coat of Arms or Adaptive Automaton and I will build a deck around whatever creature type I like. Eh, probably not, since I could only put two of either one into the deck because of how the deck building is limited in that regard - you may have 4 of the same Common card, but only 3 of the same Uncommon, 2 of the same Rare, only 1 of each Mythic Rare.In fact, there's very few cards which promote any creature type. From the top of my head, I only remember there being some cards promoting vampire creatures, for some bizarre reason, and also one card making beasts stronger. There's also a creature which makes goblins worse, so there's that.Even the Premium set sucks. There's some interesting cards, but also some really bizarre picks. The Premium set seems to be aimed to promote mono-colored decks, but with the most boring of cards - cards which simply say they promote a certain color, but don't really fit their color. There's no fun in Mono-Black without Corrupt.Take it from a maniac who has unlocked everything in the game - the card pool sucks and you won't have a lot of fun with it."
76561198085206588,Not Recommended,255420,11543250,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,OminousPsycho,dont buy this game it is a waste of money worst magic game ever
76561197996624929,Not Recommended,255420,11545699,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Juhtol,"You do get to build a custom deck (from a very limited card pool)However, you lose most of what made this game great: Challenges, Multiplayer modes, Revenge Mode, etc.Not worth it."
76561198044997885,Not Recommended,255420,11626358,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,jphayter,Refuses to move past menus without crashing.  Having tried forum fixes and waited for a patch to address it am giving up.  A shame that a good franchise ends badly.
76561198055714325,Not Recommended,255420,11342101,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kunai_kirika,the game sucks. i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,255420,11349777,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,klafu | Allstarion,No Two headed Giant (2vs2).dont buy it if you want to play with your friends.also the menu is irritating and animations feel kinda clunkysome cards are locked in an dlc which is basically a rip off.not sure why they didnt include this in the base game...on the positive side they got more deck customization this time which is nice.you might like it if you only want to play 1vs1.but i still would recommend you skip this one and wait for the next one...
76561198012327735,Not Recommended,255420,11351734,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,magzillas,"DOTP 2015 changes several things about the DOTP experience.  Some are for the better, but overall, I think the series took a step backward with this installation.  The new single-player card collecting experience is nice, but restricting some of the best cards to microtransactions leaves a very bad taste in my mouth, making it difficult to recommend the game overall.So, let's talk about the game.  Well, it's magic.  There's a great variety of cards and the ""booster collection"" system actually lets you put together a deck of your own creation, rather than relying on the premade deck templates of the previous series.  Unfortunately, this system is let down by some arbitrary limitations, both in the variety of cards, and how many of each card can be unlocked.The menus are preposterously slow.  They look fancy, sure, but it quickly becomes frustrating to navigate the menus as you have to watch the wispy animations.  Hell, it takes the game about 10 seconds to get to the main menu after you click ""start"" on the title screen.  There's just no reason for this.The core game is good though if you're a fan of MTG.  The duel interface is great as always.  There are a variety of encounters in the single player experience and the acquisition of boosters does a nice job if creating a sense of progression.  One criticism I might levy - which could be said to some extent of all DOTP - is that increasing the difficulty really just makes it so that the AI has ungodly luck.  That is to say, if their deck has an answer to a card you just played, it's a surefire bet that they will draw it in short order.  It definitely amounts to an increase in difficulty, but it never feels like you get outplayed; it just feels like you lost to impossible luck, and that can be frustrating.Now, perhaps the most vehement criticism levied against this game is that it is pay to win, and to an extent, I would tend to agree.  While there are some very good cards that you can collect in the single player experience, the premium booster packs (purchased with real money) contain several extremely powerful bombs.  While these cards may not win a duel by themselves, there is an obvious difference in a deck without them than a deck with them.  For example, G/W tokens with doubling season is far scarier to me than G/W tokens without doubling season.So, I will say that as a fan of MTG I enjoyed the single-player experience.  I liked the card collecting and the ability to create my own decks.  But overall I have to recommend passing this one up; I think the previous DOTPs were superior, and the money-grab scheme in DOTP 2015 leaves a sour taste in my mouth."
76561197983342696,Not Recommended,255420,11367770,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GTFOmyNarnia,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I LOVE MTG to death. I loved duel of the planeswalker, except I felt it need a system similar to the one put into 2015, with boosters etc. Im so glad you put that system in place. THAT BEING SAID, This game, makes playing magic suck. Like ALOT. You have made a game where in order to progress you MUST buy boosters. But here is the real kicker, you cant even use the boosters you buy until you beat the Nearly Impossible Avacyn level. ""Hey guys, lets make them fight a lifegain deck with nothing but 1/1 creatures, that way no matter what, they will never win because they cant kill Avacyn's creatures OR do enough damage to negate her healing"" BRILLIANT GUYS. I will NEVER play another MTG PC game for as long as I live, you ahve RUINED the game series for me. Thanks for being unbelievaly bad at making an incredibly SIMPLE CARD GAME into PC platform."
76561198096254657,Not Recommended,255420,11369841,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,x1PMac1x,"There is no upside to this game unless you don't even care about Magic: the Gathering's true purpose and want to just play a nonsense tutorial with a poorly conceived campaign. SPOILER: The final boss gets over powered lands and luck, and you have to play him twice in a row without losing or start over (good one developers). The menu is horrible, the voice acting is mediocre, the lore is way-sided, and the flexibility of your campaign deck is pathetic. Microtransactions rule the day, and the card pool is capped (just like the amount of good cards in your deck, thanks again developers). What were the developers thinking? I have a small inkling it was, ""How can we trick them into buying it, and then frustrate them into getting the real experience?"" The disregard and lack of respect for new and old players alike is blatant and disgusting. I am uninstalling and cutting my losses short before I make the mistake of thinking they care about anyone playing this game going forward. Don't bother making a Duels of the Planeswalkers 2016."
76561198073526403,Not Recommended,255420,11438906,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Sandowall,"NO...NO...NO... I have always loved Magic The Gathering, always... During a time of my life ,maybe it could even be considered an adiction for me. I still have my cards (They do not fit in a shoe box) and from time to time play with my friends.When I bought this game I had my hopes up... Now i can only tell you NOT to spend your money on this...... Ok it has a really nice interface and interesting way of gameplay.... But it is impossible to get past the tutorial... and if you do... you still have to spend so much money to try and make a decent deck. I am disappointed... Very disappointed... This is a game of strategy, at least when you begin you should be able to build your own deck... :("
,Not Recommended,255420,11307106,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Effigy,"Overall Score: 4/10Graphics: 2/2 - Love the minimalism!Gameplay: 0/2 - We got what we wanted and it sucks, people.Story/Content: 1/2 - I like the story, miss the challengesControls: 1/2 - Auto-tapping sucks, some of the functions are gummed up based on phase.Bonus Points: 0/2 - Sorry, Wizards, you dun f'd up.Current recommendation: Flip-flopped over to ""Don't recommend"" (Again)What is my opinion on Magic 2015? I have very mixed feelings about it.First off, I love the Duels of the Planeswalkers series. Most of my friends are too “poor” (or just cheap) to get into actual paper Magic with me. The closest FNM location to me is almost an hour drive away and I end up spending more of fuel than I do paying at the door. A group of acquaintances play regularly but they're too casual, and that's coming from a casual player. So while I enjoy collecting Magic cards I seldom have anyone of my same caliber to play with. DotP is great for my friends an I because while they can't afford to spend the money necessary to build a strong deck, they can buy this game though sales or ask for it as a gift. In short, this is how I get my Magic fix.Over the past few installments there have been some serious changes. Starting with D12, the game didn't allow you to remove cards from the base deck, meaning if you wanted to add anything you'd end up with a 60+ card deck, and the balance was chaotic (but still fun). D13 introduced a far more balanced environment to play in, as well as the ability to truly change each deck any way you wanted, removing base cards and replacing them with newly unlocked ones. D14's balance and deck structures were a step down from those of D13, but the game had a more story focused approach and featured the Sealed Play game mode which paved the way for D15.And lo, D15 is finally here.Typical of Wizards, information on the game was either sketchy or non-existent. I had to take everything I heard about the game with a dose of salt. A few things caught my eye, those being the entire game would be run in the Sealed format and 2HG wasn't going to be in the game. Hooray for the first, boo for the second. These opened up a flood of questions: How do we unlock cards? How does the campaign work? What do I do if I unpack really bad cards? WHY ARE YOU REMOVING TWO-HEADED GIANT?Wizards score for answering these questions before the release: 0-4Moral of the story being don't expect much from the Wizards PR department when it comes to DotP.Even with these and many more questions looming about, I still pre-ordered the game. Thankfully, when the game was released most of these questions solved themselves. As the game begins, you are placed into a tutorial that walks you though the five colors, creatures, instants/soceries, enchantments, artifacts, lands, etc., etc. This tutorial is clearly for new players, but I appreciated it none the less. At the end of the tutorial, the player picks from any two combinations of colors. I opted for Black/Red, but not before I experimented with each of the combinations. For some reason, Wizards decided that the final fight in the tutorial should be hard as balls, especially if you're on Planeswalker difficulty. Not fun. Once you finally muscle your way through that, though, the game is much more enjoyable.Upon defeating the tutorial, the next chapter in the campaign is unlocked and ready to play. The player travels to Innistrad and duels several different challengers themed around that plane. For some reason, the first challenge in this chapter was the hardest for me, which was very discouraging considering you have very few options as far as deck editing are concerned. As you progress through the chapter, you unlock several booster packs which add 1 or 3 cards to your pool (which makes finishing the chapter much more manageable) until you beat the final boss of that level. Once Innistrad is complete, the player is allowed to open any Premium boosters they have purchased (More on these later.)Moving on from Innistrad, the player has the option of tackling the Theros chapter or returning to the main menu to edit their deck or even create a new one with the cards they have unlocked so far (Finally!).As soon as the player finishes the Innistrad chapter, the game truly begins. Your options as far as deck creation widen, you can farm for booster unlocks, change your persona and title, or battle others online. However, pushing past both the tutorial and Innistrad can be very disheartening, so I encourage any of you who are hung up on this part to continue giving it your all until the real game begins.Now. Let's tackle a few of the negative comments on the game I've seen so far:Two-Headed GiantYes, there's no 2HG mode in the game, which sucks. However, the public outcry at this during the development was severe, and I can't imagine Wizards won't throw us a bone and add it as a DLC or expansion.Premium Boosters (AKA Pay-2-Win Boosters)Yes. They're pay to win. Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise. These boosters cost $1.99 and unlock 10 new cards for you, featuring a few you can't get from regular boosters. Playing the campaign without them is hard, but read my comments on Card Collections first.Card CollectionsIn the store you can purchase each of the five card collections (Innistrad, Ravnica, Theros, Zendikar, and Shandalar) which will unlock all of the non-premium cards from that collection for you without having to grind them. I pre-ordered the edition of the game that came with these collections, and I highly regret it. Grinding out boosters is a part of the game, just like playing to win boosters from FNM is a part of the experience of paper Magic. Now read “Card Collections or Premium Boosters?”Card Collections of Premium Boosters?As I said, the cards came unlocked for me, which I regret. Personally, I enjoy the part of the game where you have to grind out new cards to improve your deck, and I really really miss that. I would actually recommend buying Pay-2-Win Boosters over purchasing a Card Collection.The card pool is too small!Yes, the card pool is pretty small, but that's what expansions are for! In the past games, Wizards has released expansions featuring several new decks to play with. Since there aren't per-constructed decks for you to use, I'm calling it now: Wizards will release expansions featuring new Card Collections for players to unlock!Edit 1:As I continue to derp about with deck creation, I keep thinking to myself how limited the pool is. There are a few combinations that work really well, such as BR Control/Sacrifice, GW Landfall, Pure U Control, and even BW Lifegain. The problem is once you've seen that particular strategy, there's not much you can do to create a better variation of that. Now, some of the different strategies are really fun to mess with, like Pyxis of Pandamonium Landfall, or RGU/UBR Defender, but they get old pretty fast. I've started equating this to playing paper Magic within only one expansion. Right now, D15 only has the first part of a three part expansion (I hope, anyway), so it's like playing with only Return to Ravnica or Theros expansion cards, leaving out the rest of the block. The more I play, the more I want to reinstall D13. Heck, I'd even reinstall D14 for the custom mod decks.The sad, sad irony of D15 is that this is EXACTLY what the player base has been asking for. In my opinion, DotP should stay as far away from MTGO as possible, but MTGO could be made to look a little more like DotP."
76561197970734858,Not Recommended,255420,11334162,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ronbocop,"Once again this version failed to meet the mark of truly playing the game.Still they serve the newbie that they are trying to recruit withou acknowleging the base of players that are adept with the game.The deck filters in now way enhance or ease the ability to create decks. Sure they give basic filters, colours, creatures.. etc but do not give additional filters like things that affect zombies for example. Instead they make you jump up and down a 1090x960 to find what you want, then sideways scroll to further hone in on the choice you may need, if it exists. Then you have to drill back to do your next choice.And don't get me started on the screen resolution.... this website is children rate.My score for this and previous versions of the game -1 out of 5"
,Not Recommended,255420,11334276,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,TheFlyingStain,I love Magic for it's multiplayer... the fact that I have to sit and play though a bunch of single player BORING missions to even get to multiplayer is STUPID! - WORST MAGIC GAME EVER MADE
76561197973857780,Not Recommended,255420,11351946,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MF-Satsum,"Horrific UI, FMV stopping progression through the UI, microtransactions for cards you cannot get through grinding, the list goes on and on. As someone who has bought every single MTG:DotP since the first, ***DO NOT BUY THIS***"
,Not Recommended,255420,11352668,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Cypressstreet,"Very disapointed with the Magic 2015. I have played all of them and unable to use any of the decks the AI uses is bs. Some of the best decks from Magic 2014 like Slivers and Guardians are not available, but you still play against these AI's. Unless things change with an update worst Magic game ever."
76561198011007339,Not Recommended,255420,11366614,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ДԼцƇдЯժ,Pros:- At last you can build your deck- Several editions ...Cons:- No coop mode (2HG) ... that was fun- No challenges- AI tapping is worse than before- Nice but slow InterfaceI bought it because I enjoyed the last 4 DotP but I didn't expected to be that disapointed.
,Not Recommended,255420,11368552,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,KrayZ,"No 2HG, I should've done my research first. IF you want a more cooperative experience MTG 2014 is much better"
76561198031520001,Not Recommended,255420,11376589,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,siiseli,"So far Magic 2015 is worst of the whole series.TL;DR spend your money instead on the real Magic the Gathering Online, or play Magic 2014.Pros:+Customizable deck, if you have the cards.+Better card library than in previous ones.+Couple new cool cards.Cons:- Two-headed giant has been removed. Only FFA for 2-4 players.- No preview to initial deck selection.- Menu navigation is horrible.- The cards you get from the ""free"" boosters are mostly crap, and you're lucky if you get one or two cards that fit to your deck.- Practically you play only with one deck, which evolves as you play and add new cards.- No planeswalker theme decks.- Making good decks is hard because solid and consistent deck requires 3-4 copies of certain key cards, and obtaining those cards is very long process.- Once you choose your starting deck (and colours) you are pretty much married to it long time.- Pay to win."
,Not Recommended,255420,11423728,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Silentassassin185,Meh it's okay. I miss a lot of the features in 2014 and I wish there were more cards available even after unlocking everything.
76561197976192356,Not Recommended,255420,11442614,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,numsix,"I've been playing Magic since 1995 and the Duel of the Planeswalker games since the first edition.All of them have had their Pros/Cons but they've all been fun and well worth the value.. until now.I don't know what happened with 2015 but it's horrible. The interface is annoying and clunky. It forced me into the first round of the tutorial before I was able to find the 'skip' button. You are forced to choose 1 starting deck with no information on it other than a very vague description and the colors.That's where the real problem is, the starting deck IS AWFUL. You will be frustrated out of the gate with how horribly underpowered your cards are. Giving you bad cards does not make the game challenge it makes it unfun and annoying. You will be constantly conceding out of the box as you will need to get a near-perfect draw to be competitive with the AI. Even then sometimes you will have a good inital draw then flame out too quickly afterwards and have to start over yet again.Anyone who's played magic knows that luck is involved but with a decent deck the unlucky draws are somewhat minimalized. When you have just crap cards then you are fighting an uphill battle from the start.I suspect all of this is caused by the new deck building / microtransaction system. Yes the one thing I always pined for in previous versions was a decent deck builder and finally we have it.. but at the cost of needing to get a constant flow of cards to make the game playable. You have 2 options to get cards.. you can win them by sludging through the game with your horrible starting deck or you can buy them. I'd imagine the goal is to get you to do the latter.If i wanted to be constantly paying for virtual cards I'd go back to Magic: Online. The Duel games are meant to be stand alone games that give you a fun challenge based around a set of cards. For the last few years I've felt this series has been pretty consistant with delivering that.. until now. Magic 2015 sucks. I'll be going back and playing a previous version.If you haven't bought this already please don't. Check your Library.. do you have all of the previous editions? If not go back and buy one of those.Oh and no Two-Headed Giant. :("
76561198012357433,Not Recommended,255420,11355776,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Loky,"Don't buy this game for multiplayer. They not only got rid of two headed giant...(the most played multiplayer mode that has been in every game since 2011), but u also cant quick join anything but 1v1...erg ur not gettin anymore money out of me"
76561198071353409,Not Recommended,255420,11552616,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Fantastic Plastic,"Now I see why it was delayed for Xboxlive and should have waited for that version. The game will cost you about $50 if you want the cards just to play with your friends. I could care less about the challenges, and all the window dressing many lonely gamers crave in lieux of playing live players. I don't have complaints since in truth all i want are cards to build decks to play my close family and friends that are into magic also. Its a simple want, since launched i've yet been able to play anyone in my friends list. There is a glitch or bug that prevents you from playing friends, the fact that this has never been addressed speaks volumes on the ethics of the people that both made this game 'Stainless' and distributed it ""steam"" Microsoft would have done something if not refund or made the publisher address the issue. This is a reminder of the shady business of PC games. Completely disappointed with this. Save your money."
76561197972114506,Not Recommended,255420,11333770,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Adroit Alien,"What a dissappointment! It's a serious backwards step from 2014. As a passionate player of the table top version, I feel cheated out of my money."
76561198003403321,Not Recommended,255420,11344258,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mstawick,Fix the freaking menus ;( It takes forever. Add option to disable all intro crap.
,Not Recommended,255420,11349027,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Spoony Bard,"This game is more bad than good. Pay to win, ridiculous menu interface, hardly any features. Just play one of the older games instead."
76561197977861573,Not Recommended,255420,11376862,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ssenkrad,"Deck building is nice, but menue screens, haveing to go all the way back to the main menue to select a different deck and micro transactions have really put a damper on the game"
76561198039012460,Not Recommended,255420,11378705,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,"Demonlord, The One Who Knocks","This is a horrible game is SOOO many different ways.First off, the menu screen is so slow. When you choose an option, it has to have this fog envelop the screen first before showing you you wanted to go. This gets so frustrating after a while, especially when you figure out that your deck you get for the first time was utter♥♥♥♥♥♥That leads into ANOTHER problem with this game, the decks. You'd think for an intro deck, it should be pretty good against your enemies for the first time and it IS pretty cool that you can get booster packs from defeating enemies. That's where the problem comes in. On the first enemy I had to face, I lost so many times with my first deck. I was getting nothing but land for the first few games, then nothing but spells and creatures for the next few games. The only way I was able to win was because the enemy started to draw nothing but lands. And that's the case with A LOT of these enemies, there will be a lot of games that you will win because the enemy hit a mana vein or is getting nothing but creatures. If you beat these enemies, you get a booster pack, which is pretty cool, but ONLY when you beat an enemy. If you want a booster pack, you have to use REAL money to pay for them. If I wanted to pay for magic cards, I would have actually have gotten my cards from a game store and used them to play the actual game.It's fun after the first few minutes of the game, but it gets frustrating and painful to play after that. My recomendation is to go out and buy a deck box or some booster pack instead of playing this train wreck of a game.1/10There is no pit in hell hot enough to burn this game."
76561198035448294,Not Recommended,255420,11385051,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,rasslinboy,"really blurry and hard on the eyes, plese do something to fix it......."
76561198020321400,Not Recommended,255420,11430233,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Super Ellis,ehhhhhhhhhhh
76561197973836996,Not Recommended,255420,11325272,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lord_of_Pbutter,"the Menu is downright awful. This is not a reccomendation. the menu is so slow with animations, it is painful.the only plus side is that you can finally create your decks out of any cards you have."
,Not Recommended,255420,11332359,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,cronotose,"There are lots of complaints being thrown around about this game. The removal of 2v2 matches, the microtransactions, the awkwardly designed UI (clearly made with the ipad version in mind), but in truth none of these really bothered me. What really makes this kind of a worthless product to me, and I tried hard to like it, is the extremely limited and poorly chosen card pool. You can't really build......any of the classic archetypes of magic. It seems all the colors are missing major elements of their design.White has no oblivion ring, or equivalent. This makes dealing with certain threats outrageously difficult, and building white/blue control really impractical.Green lacks cost effective low mana creatures. They're bogged down with 5+ mana drops, usually without trample.Red has absolutely no instant speed 3 damage burn spell. No Lightning bolt, strike, searing spear, or similar. This makes burn largely unviable, and izzet control/burn awkward at best.Blue has negate but no essence scatter, putting their already weak creatures in an even worse spot. They get Inspiration instead of Oppurtunity, a huge downgrade.Black has no doom blade or equivalent. The closest they come is assasinate, which is more expensive, at sorcery speed, and doesn't work against creatures who aren't tapped.All of this doesn't make the colors imbalanced, just extremely awkward and clunky. Its particularly irritating when some of the needed cards are actually in the game, but not unlockable. The AI only decks have many cards permanently unavailable to the player, even after you pay extra for the premium booster packs. The Duels series has always been designed for newer players, and this should be taken into consideration. Sadly though, I'd have to reccommend 2014 instead. It may not teach you how to build decks, but at least the decks you see will be a little more represenative of what you'll see if you go down to your local Friday Night Magic. I'm hoping the card pool issue is fixed with updates and dlc. I don't want to wait another year for them to have a shot at getting this right."
76561198040366049,Not Recommended,255420,11334639,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Combat Wombat,"Magic 2015 has a lot of pretty solid points over 2014. Decks are fully customisable, which is a good thing since the overall card quality is much lower. I do not however see any reason to even consider buying magic 2015 if they do not add two headed giant into it. What idiot got it into their head that people don't want THG? Me and my friends loved playing together, and got really excited about building decks that would work well together. Not only did they remove the whole draft thing, which was lovely but a bit moneygreedy, but we also didn't get anything in return. Who gives a melted fudge about 4 player FFA? If i want a random shitmatch in which i get ♥♥♥♥ed over by the fact that im leading i would play 3 player FFA. Please wizards fix this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ give us some more boosters as compensation because i feel like i've been spat in the face for loving this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11335721,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,\tg/ World Peace,"This is not a free to play game, but between the amount of advertising and the microtransactions it really should be.  Wizards also cut a lot corners on this game.  Selecting a wide screen resolution doesn't make the game fit my screen, it just puts a big black bar off to the side next to the 4:3.  Certain menus are sometimes unresponsive, particularly the pointless title screen, which has ""start"" as the only option.  This version of DotP also seems to make more mistakes when tapping your lands, which makes multi-colored decks a hassle to play.   2015 has a story, and I suspect that an unreasonable amount of time and money went into the cut scenes, which look about as nice as good Playstation or crummy PS2 scenes.I realize most people who buy DotP do it for the promo card, but if you're getting it as an actual game and are still on the fence, this is not for you."
,Not Recommended,255420,11336159,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,azondahi,"As someone that's been avidly playing MtG for years, three words: do not buy.Don't get me wrong, no one goes into one of these Duel Of The Planeswalker games expecting the same range as the physical game or MtG:Online, but this takes pacifism to a new level entirely. At the start of the campaign (after a forced tutorial), you pick your starter deck from a selection of premades. Unlike the previous iterations, and certainly not mentioned at any point I noticed, you are locked into that deck for the entirety of the campaign. You might be wondering why, because it will most likely lead to a point where your chosen deck cannot beat a challenge, and gone are the days where you could swap to a different deck to beat that part. You're left completely stuck.Unless you pay to unlock cards, of course. That'll be why.As someone that has voluntarily spent money unlocking cards in previous releases, nothing will make me condemn something more than feeling forced into payment for progression. It shouldn't be mandatory to pay to unlock content already in the game that you simply cannot reach without hair-tearing frustration, or pay for additional cards not included in the base game. A challenge is fun, but this is beyond compare, and feels much more like a money-grab.As far as the graphics and UI go, it's underwhelming and slightly clunky. Forgiveable, but not in the face of feeling ripped off."
76561198057467558,Not Recommended,255420,11342846,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Hououin Kyouma,Not a step in the correct direction I would say not worth the $10
,Not Recommended,255420,11353202,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Authillin,"I've played all the Duels games, purchased most of the DLC, enjoyed hours and hour of entertainment from previous versions of this game. It feels like they just gave up this year. The UI is terrible, the art assets are uninspired, they way they handle deck selection and construction is frustratingly restrictive (and this is compaired to previous versions where you had very little control over your deck). After spending only an hour with this game, I doubt I'll spend much more time or look to further titles. Do yourself a favor and go play Hearthstone."
,Not Recommended,255420,11353809,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ZA WARUDO!,"Pay 20$ to unlock some virtual cards in game yo.Unresponsitive interface, have to click start button 5 times to get in."
,Not Recommended,255420,11360650,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Chrim,"I have never written a review on any game, on any site, in my life.  I don't have high expectations for games.  I'll pay 20$ for a few hours of entertainment and be happy with it.  This is the first game I've played that was actually a disappointment.  Seriously, DO NOT BUY THIS.  It is categorically worse than every other DotP game.  No challenges, no sealed, no 2HG. interface is worse, cards are worse, decks are uninspired.  The AI actually plays worse Magic, but is much more difficult because their decks/cards/draws are better.  Oh yeah, and they introduced a pay-to-win model.  I was actually happy to hear this, because I don't have the time to grind out cards but enjoy playing fair online games.  But the whole game is so abysmal, I would be crazy to spend more on it."
,Not Recommended,255420,11360840,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gaurald,"If you've played through the 'Duels of the Planeswalker' games through the years, then you will know it has gotten better and better (albeit little by little). Moreover, when Wizards announced the availability of a deck-builder feature in the then to-be released 'Magic 2015' most fans seemed overjoyed. However, picking up the game and trying it out quickly came down to a series of letdowns and shortcomings. It seems deck building is the only feature present in this game, with the complete removal of pre-constructed decks like in previous installments; although you are given a simple deck based on your mana color preferences (especially for newcomers useful, but enthusiasts all the same) Now, that in itself shouldn't be reason to abandon ship, since the sets featured (some of which are Ravnica, Theros, and Zendikar) are pretty awesome, but it turns out not even half of the cards featured in the set as we know them in real life can be obtained - which is a major letdown (Theros without Gods? Really?)All in all, if you're used to the previous games in the series and you liked them, then it might be better to stay away from this title. You have to admit that the step towards deck building is a good one, but there's still a major way to go before this can be really called successful.If you don't mind all of this (and more, just read some other reviews) and you're willing to try it out, perhaps even willing to spend money on it to get all the cards instantly, then by all means. At the end of the day, it will probably still leave you with an empty feeling."
,Not Recommended,255420,11361505,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Toshiro Mifune,Horrible
,Not Recommended,255420,11370264,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ogre215,I'd recommend one of the previous years editions of Duels of the Planeswalkers if your looking to get started in this franchise unfortunately the 2015 attempt is plagued by slow game play limited starting decks (and no opportunity to switch if you don't like your choice after you've played it once or twice) resulting in a Grindy feeling and their's a heavy emphasis on in game purchases which makes this version feel very much like a pay to winI'd return it if I couldTl;dr pay to win; bland & grindy game play; don't bother.
76561198099244145,Not Recommended,255420,11370302,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Karlor,"I love duels, but the most annoying feature in any game ever has got to  be that once you choose starting colors for the tutorial you are unable to switch them at any time throughout the campaign."
76561198001388760,Not Recommended,255420,11384152,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,slicyr,"Don't waste your money (like I did) on the ""Complete Bundle"".  Apparently all it does is ruin the point of playing through the campaign by opening all the ""boosters"" you would have normally won anyway.  Further, ""Includes the following card collections: Innistrad Theros Ravnica Shandalar Zendikar"" does not mean that you can custom build decks from the entire Gatherer/Oracle collection as it would seem to infer.  Instead, it means you get a couple copies of a small selection of cards from each set that would otherwise be available after playing through the campaign I think.  It's a rip off if you ask me.  I'd like my 25 bucks back.Edit: Also forgot to mention, the AI playing skill seems more sloppy compared to previous versions.  The default mana tapping behavior is absolutely terrible, and everything about the in-game menu navigation  screams ""tablet version!"" even worse than on previous versions.  Literally every menu is designed in carousel-style spinning behavior like you'd expect to use with touch screen gestures... great if you have one, but ridiculous if you're using a mouse."
76561197981357169,Not Recommended,255420,11537768,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,"Odin""PhoenixPerson""Iscariot","They ♥♥♥♥ed up big time the user interface is horrible, the decks are customizible but only by the standards of the premade decks. the only thing they did right in the game is you can make your own deck eventually"
,Not Recommended,255420,11567807,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Wit For Brains,"This game has a lot of problems compaired to the previous version.The fact that all the menus are animated, means it takes twice as long to do the same thing in Magic2014 (sometimes even longer}You have to wait for the animation to load the optionsYou have to wait for the animation to cycle through to the option you wantYou have to wait for the animation to transition to the next screen, whereYou have to wait for the animation to load all the options for that pagein multiplayer, you must select the deck you want to use *before* you join a game.should you want to play again but with a different deck, you need to go through all those menus again, select your deck, and join a new game.This is in stark contrast to 2014 where if you like your partner/opponent(s) and want to change it up, you can select any deck or have it select one for you without leaving the game.having mentioned partners, Magic2015 has done away with 2 vs. 2 mode entirely. Personally, one of my favourite game modes.on the plus side, the deck building system is much better. That is to say that Magic2015 actually has one, compaired to the customization option for standard decks from 2014.One big gripe that I have is that premium cards are behind a pay-wall.If you want decent cards to build your decks with, you need to buy boosters. And much like the actual TCG, boosters are random so you might not get any cards you may actually want.I spent the extra 25 dollars to get the ""complete"" package, and they still want you to pay more.If you want to try out the latest version of MtG, stick with the basic edition."
76561198038857651,Not Recommended,255420,11847310,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,darkmoon_knight,Limited card selection means that you'll be playing against the same decks in multiplayer over and over again. Pre-made decks have little playability even in the campaign.
,Not Recommended,255420,11768250,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ItWasMe,alot gained but alot more lost
76561198035703211,Not Recommended,255420,11801367,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Frittata,♥♥♥♥♥ gey lma0
76561198101421260,Not Recommended,255420,11777495,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Xav1,"I really wanted this game to be awesome. Unfortunately, it just wasn't. The fluidity of the game has significantly worsened since the 2014 edition and the amount of cards included is questionable, at least, giving rise to a shallow overall feel to the game. The game lacks many of the really funny aspects of magic and makes playing with friends a tedious experience (game forces you out of lobby when game is complete). Finally, the 2v2 format that made the predecessor such a fun game, has been excluded in this version meaning that the game features very little socializing nor team play whatsoever.3/10"
,Not Recommended,255420,11691948,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Guy Duderson™,"Do yourself a favor, unless you like playing pauper-style magic (i.e using nearly all commons and a few uncommons/rares here and there), don't bother with this game. When you think that you can't wait till you can drop your ""bomb"" of a 4/4 flier for 7 mana that only helps if you're below your starting life total, something is wrong. Games before this: duels 2013 and magic 2014 all had great fun premade decks with cool different themes and a load of unlockable cards which were mostly bombs/gamechangers/synergistic. This game just feels so weak. There is no fun in the decks, the starters you get when you begin are very underwhelming and underpowered and although the booster system is exciting at the very least, you just end up with unusable garbage about 70% of the time. I was looking forward to grinding out matches, unlocking new powerful cards and having a great time like in the previoius two years, but this is just sad. Somehow, Wizards managed to listen to everyone and impliment something that everyone wanted and made it exponentially worse than the past two years. I don't really even want to touch on the pay-to-win aspect of this game either, it just hurts to think about.Overall, I was told if you were a fan of previous magic games on the PC then you will like this one also. Please take it from me, I would rather spend the $9.99 on a cheap back-alley kidney replacement than this disappointment. Atleast then, I might get something I could use for longer than 6 hours."
76561198016730160,Not Recommended,255420,11693582,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Zepthys,"I loved MTG as a kid and was looking forward to get back into the game through Duels of the Planeswalkers, but in it's current state, this game is unplayable. Multiple issues prevent it from running, and going through the support channels haven't provided a fix yet. I got a rare glimpse of play time last night and enjoyed what I saw, but returning today the game is once again unable to open. If/when these problems get fixed I'll return and hopefully get my money's worth out of the game, but for now it's a rip off and isn't worth anybody's time. Avoid until the problems are fixed."
,Not Recommended,255420,11785220,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Salamander,Dont even know why the computers in the campaign have decks. They never get a bad hand and just draw whatever is convienient. for them at the time. And it says 60 cards in their deck. but i see the same exact 15 cards no matter how many times i play an instance.
,Not Recommended,255420,11757304,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Sir Meowingtons,"Like other reviewers have said, don't buy the complete bundle. Actually don't buy this game at all. I was extremely excited about building my own deck, but quite frankly the usual archetypes are not viable even with all cards unlocked. You can build pretty crummy versions of Red Deck Wins, UW Control, and a mediocre token deck. They need to add about another 300 cards so deck building is worth the player's time. Also, when you buy the complete bundle you're missing out on 14 cards that you can only get from Premium boosters. If you look carefully these so called Premium cards are not even worth the money. None of them make or break an archetype. I just feel let down with this one."
76561198032931127,Not Recommended,255420,11778827,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,McSilver,Wizards of the coast has yet ruined another once good game. just like they ruined the games of other companies they bullied out of business or took over
,Not Recommended,255420,14400532,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Lunar Furor,"You know what really grinds my gears?Not being able to open the steam overlay. Anyone with a Nvidia graphics card may likely run into this issue. Which means if you want to pick up boosters, or the 25 dollar unlock all cards (seems like a pretty damn good deal compared to irl prices of cards), you're out of luck.Starting decks are total♥♥♥♥♥♥and if you want to beat the first chapter boss you better get good at hitting that restart button. Unlocking cards w/o paying is tedious and doesn't seem worth it at the beginning (though that may be bad RNG on my part).Many game modes seem to be removed including 2 headed giant (a personal favorite online of mine and many others). The online modes remaining (especially when playing against AI with friends) could not drag on longer. A 4 player match against bots was 66% bot decision time, as if they were contemplating their existance. The hud in this mode is EXTREMELY confusing as well (My picture was bottom left, I played on the bottom, my deck bottom right. My friends head was bottom right, he sat on the right and his deck on the top right) absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥In short Magic 2015 is a failure of a product at the current state (written 2/9/2015), even with the expansion. Until these issues are fixed I could not reccomend this any less, or stress caution in picking up this garbage any more. I would instead look into Magic 2013 or 2014 ( I hear 2013 is the better one)."
,Not Recommended,255420,16913183,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,PissAndMiss,I found the card selection to be in very poor taste. I also found having to buy cards that should be part of the game in very poor taste.
,Recommended,255420,12357602,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DS,"The criticism of this game has been really heavy, and much of it is deserved.  The game's menus deserve ALL of the criticism that you can muster, and then some.  However, some criticism, I feel, is misplaced or exaggerated.  I've heard a lot of criticism about grinding and microtransactions and extremely horrible starter decks.  While the starter decks are nothing amazing, if you pick a good one (I picked RG and it worked out just fine), you shouldn't have that much trouble doing the campaign and unlocking more cards.  Look for a deck list online to help you decide which starter deck to pick.  I personally find it a lot of fun to unlock packs and earn new cards to replace your horrible ones, and I think the unlocking (you could say grinding, if you wish) part of the game is very fair, all things considered.  You get a full pack of cards every time you win the duel and, like booster packs for the physical game, they guarantee a rare or mythic rare, plus 3 uncommons.  I've found it a lot MORE fun to 'grind' and unlock cards in this game, compared to older versions of DotP, because older versions of DotP only gave you 1 card (plus multiples of that same card, sometimes) every time you won, and the cards you unlocked often times weren't very good.  In this game, it truly does feel rewarding when you unlock a nice mythic rare that you can put in your deck.  Compared to Hearthstone, I would say this game is far superior at actually allowing you to acquire a good set of cards without paying extra money (my experience in Hearthstone has told me that it's a SLOW process in that game, unless you're particularly excellent at the Arena, which is why none of my friends nor myself have any interest in that game anymore).  It's also far superior at customization, since there aren't any restrictions on classes, or anything of the sort, but you must have already known that if you've played MTG before.  The customization is something that needs to be praised.  MTG has never been cheap, ever.  If you want to play on MTGO, you have to spend probably at least a couple hundred dollars to form a respectable, competitive constructed deck, or you could do draft tournaments, but those require a hefty amount of money per tournament.  It is far beyond my expectations that this version of DotP gives you completely free customization (within their more-limited, but not horribly limited card pool) for only 10 dollars, or 35 dollars if you want everything already unlocked (not counting premium cards).  But truly, it's a nice thing that when you actually do manage to acquire the cards that you want, you can actually build your own deck that feels GOOD to play.  It had always bothered me about the older versions that even when the decks were complete and you unlocked promo cards with the codes, the decks still felt really... weak.  This is just me personally, but I've never been a fan of 'weak' MTG.  I always enjoy a strong, competitive, constructed deck with a powerful and fluid strategy, so I give a hearty nod to the customization that this game offers.That concludes the good, I would say.  It's enough good that I give this game a thumbs up and believe it's worth 10 dollars.  Now let's get to some of the... less good things.  I personally don't care in the slightest that they removed two headed giant and archenemy and sealed format, because I never liked them, but you might care, so beware.  It's a bit of a bummer that they removed the fun little challenges, but those never took much more than 10-20 minutes to finish all of them, anyway, so oh well.  The worst part of the game, though, by far in fact, is the horrible engine that it runs on.  It was OBVIOUSLY designed for phones, complete with a swipe menu that is really clunky and horrible feeling on a PC, and the menu even lags a bit and isn't as entirely responsive as you would like it to be.  The fancy animations can get really annoying when you have to wait 5 seconds every time you go to a menu screen.  I've also experienced a bit of slowness when actually playing the game, like a card would lag and not play right away when I click it, or something.  The menu is really horribly organized, too, so it can be hard to navigate through it, and unlike previous editions of DotP, the menu this time isn't just a horrizontal swipe (which is not ideal on PCs, but at least STOMACHABLE), but for some reason, it trails off diagonally, which makes it even more difficult to use and buggy with a PC.  If this game's engine was at least as smooth as previous games, and the menus were, shall we say, NORMAL, then I would consider it to be a fine game.  As is, it's a bit annoying, but I'm having my fun.  My dear hopes are that Wizards of the Coast takes a lot of the criticism that they're getting to heart and improve the game for next year's version."
,Not Recommended,255420,16914222,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TheReaper'sSin,"Magic 2015 introduces DotP players to being able to truly build custom decks for the very first time (not counting sealed play in 2014). While it has a good concept, and looks good on paper, is more than what I can say for the game itself. It can be fun at first, but the game will get tiring after a while, and the fact that WotC made it possible to unlock all the cards by buying them just tells me this game is a cash grab. With THG missing, the lack luster match making, and a pretty limited card pool, this game is hardly recommendable. You'd be better off playing a previous DotP game with the pre-made decks, or waiting for MTG Duels Origins to come out later this month (July 2015)."
76561197971460485,Not Recommended,255420,15782526,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TROP1C,"Very dissimilar from previous entries. Change is not a bad thing, but this years MTG Duels of the Planeswalkers is.Game runs slow on any computer i have tried it on.  Game forces you to build decks and unlock individual cards.Im sorry - but this is the reason i DONT play the real life version. I DO NOT HAVE THE TIME TO DO THOES THINGS.i dont peruse ebay for hologrphic epic singles or whatever, i dont read forums for newest mana combos i just want to play the freaking game.either make a Magic ""light"" for the layperson such as myself, or leave it to the hardcore magic online and friday night magics etc."
76561197980677441,Not Recommended,255420,11303897,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Izzy,"4/10Pros:Deck building is no longer restricted, you are free to use all cards in your collection.Cons:There is no cooperative mode (2HG), this is an unexpected disappointment, It was by far my favourite mode in the previous games in the series. Doubly disappointing is that there is no new game mode to replace it, in previous games there was Archenemy, Planechase, and Sealed.There is only 2-player, 3-player and 4-player FFA game modes.A new addition to the game is premium boosters. Over one-hundered cards can only be aquired by buying booster packs.The multiplayer system is riddled with connection and freezing problems. I'm currently unable to play a game with my friend.Campain is similar to the previous games.No Challenges like in the past. However some of the campain battles begin with some permanents in play.The menu system is slow and unresponsive making it fustrating to navigate with a mouse. A controller works well however.Conclusion:This game is a big step backwards in the series. But a it's $10 price point its an easy buy for fans of the previous games."
76561198044411944,Not Recommended,255420,11305379,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pepin,"Terrible. Obviously just my opinion.Really excited to see you can make your own decks, but unfortunately even with all the cards you unlock through the campaign, they don't seem to synergise well. If, like me, you quite enjoy single colour decks, with a certain theme (like resurrection black, white soldier deck, etc) It seems almost impossible to set a really strong one up.The starter decks are just...woeful, and beating the campaign with them is more of a tedious process than 'fun' or even slightly enjoyable, the boss of the 3rd world being a good example. The menu and UI I really don't get along with, though this is minor compared to the rest of the stuff. It's very slow, and unintuitive. A lot of scrolling for no reason.I'm not really a veteran or anything, but I pumped a lot of hours playing online into MTG 2014, and I thought that was a much better product. This seems more of a money-sink, less enjoyable, and generally weaker cards (imo).Of course, if you're -really- into MTG, no negative review will really put you off, so be my guest. Personally? If you were looking for a Magic game, I'd suggest 2014, though I never did play the 2013 version. That might be better."
,Not Recommended,255420,11289235,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Meto,I really enjoyed M2014 but this game is absolutely atrocious.* The menus are super slow and cumbersome to navigate through.* They force you to go through the tutorial which takes ages because you can't skip through any of the dialogue.* The UI is slow and laggy even with all animations turned off.I'm very disappointed and this  just seems like a very badly put together game. I don't see any updates in the future that could possibly make me want to play it for more than the hour I spent slogging through it already.
,Not Recommended,255420,11293222,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,YoshiMT,It's games like this that Steam needs to change their refund policy for.
76561198059031210,Not Recommended,255420,11293781,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ash Prime,"The reason I am do not recommend the game is not because it's bad but because it needs more content. Deck building is great but only 300 cards? That's upsetting since there are over 2000 mtg cards. It feels limited, not to mention micro transitions. I love mtg but I don't believe this dotp can compete  with hearthstone. The game is good,(fanboy), it was fun screaming at my cards against jace with 3 chronozoas on the field. I think this game is not out of the ballpark just yet, I just hope they would add more content and when I mean content, not just the adding more cards behind a paywall. I still enjoy it so maybe others would top, happy grinding."
76561198026707523,Not Recommended,255420,11296973,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RothKeahi,"It hurt me to hit that no button...I wanted to like this game, but in the end it just isn't worth it. The ""Deck Building"" feature is from a very limited pool of cards, come of the cards are only available through microtransactions. If I wanted to pay extra money for cards, I would just play Magic Online and have access to everything. All in all this is a rather dissapointing addition to what has been an unfortunately lackluster series to begin with. I suppose it is a good start for new players? I mean, that is a good thing I guess."
76561198042119739,Not Recommended,255420,11305667,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Zorolulu,"This game.... WOW!!!! It is truly the worst Magic XXXX I have played by far.I've been playing MtG since childhood, and I was pretty excited for a new Magic 20XX game. I thought, you know, they will add even more to what they've already done. Holy cow was I wrong. The new one is absolute garbage. GARBAGE.I'm not even going to get into the UI's, which are slow, inefficient, and clunky. I'm sure other reviewers can get into that. Or into the fact that they didn't add new content, they in fact deleted stuff people were expenting that were in previous versions of the game.What I want to leave you with is how ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE the start of the game is. They don't give you any information to go by, and you have to pick your starting deck. The starting deck will be what you play with for at least a few single player games. I happened to choose the worst one apparently, because I cannot even beat the first normal game, the last part of the tutorial. What the hell is this BS? The cards are the literal incarnation of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is beyond♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is the♥♥♥♥♥♥that♥♥♥♥♥♥would♥♥♥♥♥♥if it was a living creature.How is anyone who didn't scour the itnernet for the deck lists able to pick the correct starting deck? They should ALL be at least marginally playable. COME ON WIZARDS OF THE COST. Stop thinking about money and give your ♥♥♥♥ing customers something they can acually play ffs.If you are looking to see if this game will entertain you, TURN BACK NOW!!! DON'T EVEN ***THINK*** OF PRESSING THE BUY BUTTON. Trust me, even if you're a die hard MtG player, come back a year from now and check if they're overhauled the damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monstrocity they unleashed to their customers."
,Not Recommended,255420,11289234,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Fuor20,"While (as far as I know) it has the most cards and deck customization compared to all the previous Magic 201X games, it's also the most featureless. Every edition they take something out, and this time they gutted it. The menus are slow enough to make me think my game crashed on 2 occasions. Two Headed giant is gone. The interface in a duel feels much more unintuitive than previous games. Just do yourself a favour and don't buy it."
76561198008790082,Not Recommended,255420,11293851,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rofur,"This is just easly the worst duels of the planeswalkers between a horrable touch screen menu that only has one option at any given time, (2014 had a menu in list form) abissmal mana taping, the game will TRY to screw your mana by tapping all of the color that you need to cast other spells, weak starting deck, you only get 60 cards to start, and just general frustration from trying to grind cards from the campain because the AI for some reason has card that are not useable for you but are just plain better then yours so many times you will just lose if you don't get a lucky draw. The game is just not up to the level of the others."
76561198052272449,Not Recommended,255420,11289144,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Gregor Eisenhorn,"Many features announced, many hopes shattered. That basically sums up the game. Loading times and navigating through the menus are absolutely painful, the gameplay is slower compared to the previous versions of the game, lot of features disappeared and the whole experience feels like a clunky incomplete mess. Yeah, you can build your own deck now, but from a very limited pool of cards, many of which you can unlock through ""premium boosters"" (yeah, another money grab).To briefly sum it up...PROS-Can Build your own deck.-Challenging, but partially due to the cards you have.CONS-Clunky and slow-Incredibly limited card pool-Micro Transactions-Colors. No seriously, when you win a game the whole screen goes white killing your eyes. Who thought that white background was a good idea?-Limited features compared to previous games.Buy it at your own risk, or if you are a real fan of the series."
76561198036982123,Not Recommended,255420,11291255,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Astral,Given the options for play in  Magic 2014 - Duels of the Planeswalkers I was very disappointed with the limited options for single player play in Magic 2015. Gone are the two headed giant and planeswalker game mode and all that is left for single player is the vanilla multiplayer option with up to four. Sorely disappointing and a regretable purchase for me.
,Not Recommended,255420,11292851,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Goat Who Waited,"Slow gameplay, bad interface (do the icons REALLY need to scroll slowly off the screen after I make  selection, EVERY TIME?), and a rather dismal card pool lead to a very awkward grindy game. The campaign is barely a campaign and the opponents are almost all boring to play against. Plus it's got all those wild and wacky bugs that we all love from previous Duels of the Planeswalkers.There is also no Two Headed Giant, or alternate format like Sealed, Archenemy, or Planechase. We lost all of those so we can build decks!It has some major issues that need to be worked out, but I doubt they will be. I don't recommend this game to anyone. Maybe 2016 will be better."
76561197974793181,Not Recommended,255420,11309115,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Giants Fan,pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,255420,11291523,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Choco Krisps,"It has almost none of the features from Magic 2014 and earlier editions. Instead of being able to change a deck mid campaign you are ""locked"" into the deck you selected after the tutorial. The only way to change a deck is to build a new one through campaign, but you have to win to do that, so if you do what I did which is Blue/Red (Water/Fire), it will be extremely frustrating.No 2 Headed GiantSlower GameplayNo Custom DuelsSlow MenusSlow InterfaceI highly suggest waiting on the game to get patched, fixed, whatever, this isn't a Magic game, this is a money grab."
,Recommended,255420,33911461,Posted: 30 July,all,Mackenzie1291,Fun interesting story. But it feels as if its aimed towards more newer people of the card game.
76561197981860644,Not Recommended,255420,25030592,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Martey,"The game is a port of the console, poorly controlled with the mouse.The difficulty is created by mixing the wrong cards."
76561197995139458,Not Recommended,255420,20367995,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sigmundo,"Total dogshit compared to the older versions of this game, constant crashes and a bad selection of cards. You'd think after making so many games they'd be better at sorting out the bugs. Also they took out 2 headed giant mode!Avoid like a plagued pack rat, 0/5!!!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11294380,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Dodd,Oh god...the bugs. They're everywhere.
76561198024847042,Not Recommended,255420,11282009,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wherewholf,"Do not buy. DotP has been plagued with interface issues over the years but this is by far the worst. Menu navigation is built for a tablet, editing your deck is infuriating. Every menu selection is delayed by long transitions of white fog. The board itself animates when you reach the attack phase causing you to wait even more for an arguably ugly aesthetic reason. If you're looking for a card game try Hearthstone, paper magic or MTGO. DotP 13 remains the best installment. This is disappointing dlc ridden garbage."
76561198028009101,Not Recommended,255420,11295729,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kanthes,"As a long time player of this franchise, going back as far as DoTP2012, I am severely disappointed in this game. It brings only 1 new thing to the table, while removing a massive amount of other things for no apparent reason.Pros:+ Deck building.This has been asked for ages, and finally it's been implemented, just the way we want it! Fully configurable decks, lands, cards, and all.+ The in game UI is beautiful as always.This has been the main selling point of the DotP games for me personally.Cons:- Massive lack of cards.Let's take Ravnica as an example. The Ravnica plane in game has a 59 unique cards, including 10 guildgates. The 'Return to Ravnica' release in real life cards has 274 unique cards. The whole block (which the plane is based on) has 679 unique cards. Some of these cardsarein game, as the AI uses them plenty, but the majority of cards remain unavailable to players. Just to show how bad this is: There is asingledual colored card for each of the Ravnica guilds in game accessible to players.- Lack of Two Headed Giant and other Game modes.Some of these modes such as Two Headed Giant have been part of the game ever since the beginning, and have had a massive appeal for Online play. I personally realize that it would be ridiculously hard to balance things like these, but I still wish the game mode had been left in.- Lack of Challenges.Again, this is something that has been in the series for a long time. But in this version, there are no challenges. By challenge, I mean certain pre-configured scenario where you have to use a certain mechanic of series of cards to win the scenario.- Lack of Revenge campaign.This has also been a part of previous game, but is not in this version either. For clarity's sake, the Revenge campaign was a campaign where you redid the old campaign where the AI had improved decks.- Purchase locked content.There are 43 'Premium' cards which can only be unlocked through the purchase of booster packs. These boosters cost 1.79 euro in Sweden, uncertain about US based pricing."
76561198033303172,Not Recommended,255420,11452644,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Dynos,Can i have a refund?
76561198015118923,Not Recommended,255420,11353493,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,exchow,"do not buy!long time mtg player and a fan of dotp games but this game fails to live up to all the previous versions of this game.  while full deck customizing was a nice touch most of the other fun things that made dotp enjoyable was remove; ie two headed giant, precon theme decks...basically every thing every other review that has noted."
76561198007180591,Not Recommended,255420,11354592,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Laff,"Well, this was a pretty huge disappointment compared to the previous iterations... after just a couple of days of playing I am pretty much done. I have only one major argument to make against this game: what made the previous games so much fun was completely left out of Duels 2015. The different themed decks were a lot of fun to unlock and play around with, and had a reasonable amount of depth despite the limited card pools for each. Each deck had its own identity and was very different from every other deck. With the new deckbuilding system, that identity is gone; no more samurai deck, dragon deck, etc... you are very limited in your choice of types of decks to build, and then even more so on your card choices when attempting to construct a deck.My advice:If you are new to the series, skip this one and grab 2013 or 2014 instead. If you are a veteran of the series, find something else to play... I fear this one simply isn't worth your time."
76561198043332345,Not Recommended,255420,11355124,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Randy,"This game sucks. It is a pay to play game and if you pick the wrong deck, you are screwed. Don't waste your money on this terrible game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11341757,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,IyRuK,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI that is atrocious to go against, everyone you play against has there hands built specifically against you. Pay to win system makes it impossible to beat the game with what is given to you for free. Come on MTG. i love your card games to death. quit ♥♥♥♥ing worrying about releasing your game every year and build something work playing."
76561198094840251,Not Recommended,255420,11388592,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[RB]RightInTheFeelz,"This game is rather garbage, atleast in 2014 you had chance of winning also more options like two-headed or sealed. Wizards go home you're drunk."
,Not Recommended,255420,11305431,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RassilonDND,"I would not recommend this game to others in the slightest. I got roughly 5 hours of playtime out of the game.  I played through it twice and I still dont feel like I got 10 dollars worth of value, let alone the 35 I payed.The fact is that you don't get the full card collection without buying premium packs.  The 35 dollar version still doesnt let you get the full card collection.  I wont be buying next year's Duels after playing this one, and probably won't be buying another duels until long after reviews are out."
,Not Recommended,255420,11437217,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,b4a.jgrahl,"I've played every MTG computer game and nothing will ever compare to the version from '95 where you wandered around on a map running into encounters, finding random caches, and exploring maze-like dungeons that required decision making.Some of the previous versions are more fun than this one.  Why remove the fun and challenging parts of the game?This one seems more simplified and geared towards a new player.Pros:- Fully Customizable decks and an awesome filter for finding cards, an improvement from previous versions.- Achievements, something to set goals for at least.- multiplayer capable- was able to finish the game without having to wait for any patches- a cheap way to get access to the game and it includes a tutorial- store locator with google maps previewCons:- blinding white transitions everywhere- clunky menu interface.  Sometimes you have to press a button twice if the transition didn't finish, but why?- none of the AI decks were particularily tough.- no puzzles or challenges- two-headed giant multiplayer mode removed from previous version- lacking any fun modes like archenemy or planechase- the ability to buy a booster.  this is the PC game, not the paper game.  you should just have to work to unlock things, not pay money.  Like win 3-5 games or best out of 5, then get a booster.  complete a challenge puzzle (doesn't exist), get a booster- the videos are unimpressive- a few random crashes while in a duel- the menus fade out your campaign progress, which seems like a tech demo. Why?- there is a question mark in the lower left corner of the screen which I never bothered to figure out what it was.  Maybe it was for who plays first?- in the store locator you can't click on google maps preview to open the mapIt seemed like the PC versions were slowly getting better, but this one just turned it all around, removed features, and added purchasable boosters."
,Not Recommended,255420,11486365,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,SkyeG,"This game doesn't work for some reason and I've noticed that a lot of other people also have this problem. Whenever I start up the game, it loads for a couple of seconds and then turns off and gives me the ""DotP_D15.exe is not working"". Be cautious of buying this game and having it not work."
76561197983200941,Not Recommended,255420,11404975,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,bruzzo,0.5/10
76561198001010750,Not Recommended,255420,11331809,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rome,"As someone who has not only played magic irl and MTGO for years, I have also played every DotP game that has come out. This game is not worth buying. Get Magic 2014 or 2013.Here are the simple pros and cons for this MTG DotP 2015Pros- Can make a custom deck (only using the very limited card pool however)Cons-The whole micro transaction model they have this time around is horrible, cards gated, costs far more to access anything-The pacing is rubbish, feels really slow and boring-Laggy. The menus are insane. Lags between every action. No deal-Just feels all round crap, rushed and un-polishedDont buy it, or if you do at least give it an honest review so Wizards can see how foolish they are being."
76561198012019849,Not Recommended,255420,11351843,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,The Akrab,"Terrible. I like the deckbuilding compared to previous series. I had high hopes for the game when I saw that unlocking boosters and building a deck with them was the way to play now (finally, I thought!). But my joy was short-lived, finding out that certain cards can only be bought and never unlocked. This will be the last time I'll be buying anything MTG related that's not been printed. I've lost faith in Wizards' online gaming.This game is an insult."
,Not Recommended,255420,11455212,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,dubiousx99,Even if you purchase the full $35 complete bundle there are still cards locked away in premium booster packs.
76561198055301837,Not Recommended,255420,11354115,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,nunoftheabove,"Interface would be great on a tablet, but it is pretty clumsy on a PC. Lots of loading times, which could all be overlooked if the experience was decent.While the game allows deck building, it requires endless hours to actually build anything beyond whatever base starter deck you select during the tutorial. There is no way to change decks, and you cannot preview any of the starters beyond a very vague description. In order to build a deck, you either need to shell out cash, or grind for an eternity. Especially if you want cards from different colors than your starter deck.There are no additional game modes, like Planechase or challenges, to break the monotony either.Multiplayer without the premium expensive boosters will mean your decks are always at a disadvantage against anyone who just pays to win.While deck building is nice, this game is a complete mess."
76561198080661528,Not Recommended,255420,11580987,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Rojoto,"So, the game started off okay.  I got a simple deck, which I understood.  I figured I'd get more powerful cards along the way.  But then by my third battle when I saw the caliber of cards that the AI got and the crap that I had in my deck, I didn't know how I was going to even get past the third game.  Even after playing 5 or 6 games, I wasn't really getting anything good in the ""booster packs"".  I have some pictures on my site that show me playing against the Hydra AI.  He had 3 or 4 hydra's out and started stacking the counters on it.  One of them ended up 130/130 with Trample.  Even if I was able to kill them off quickly, he always managed to pull another from the deck.  and I'm sitting there with a 1/1 fighter.  GO FORTH AND CONQUER!!!I didn't buy any packs (which I'm assuming is their plan), but from what I read about the other reviews, isn't worth it.Love the game, hate the program.  And with the way they built it, if they think it's going to bring new Magic players to the mix is going to have an opposite effect.  They're going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the 3rd game and delete Magic from their computer and their mind."
,Not Recommended,255420,11629362,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,enosis,Avoid.
76561197962044304,Not Recommended,255420,11647699,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[uBer] Dr. Orpheus,"Much worse than 2014, UI is horridly slow, and you can't play multiplayer until you're done with half the single player game.  Oh and forget Sealed/THG if you wanted to play that in multiplayer too."
76561198031121255,Not Recommended,255420,11669699,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,wyvren281,"This game is an atrocity, someone should inform the Hauge....  From the lack of text or clear direction and non-intuitive interface, to the long lags between each screen change and cards that move as you try to select them, the developers distain for the player is nothing is not through.A purchase of nearly anything else may be preferable."
76561197994104795,Not Recommended,255420,11670572,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,spoon420,"This game is a complete conundrum. In order for you to unlock cards you have to play and beat campaign mode. But in order to do any good in the game you need the right cards. So before you even begin the game you are screwed...unless you paid extra money for the cards to already be unlocked...but then whats the point of the game the game is pretty much completed then if everything is unlocked. It doesn't help that the opponants decks are stacked and you get random cards every match so what you end up doing is restarting the match over and over again untill you have the starting hand you want and starting first. This game is a total waste of money unless you like increadible odds and palying againts the computer that CHEATS AND DOESN'T ALWAYS FOLLOW THE RULES OF THE GAME. Yup you read right. At certain times the PC does NOT follow its own rules. For example it will play cards without paying the mana cost or it will have cards out before you even start playing the match, or it will ignore rules like ""summoning sickness"" for its own creatures and attack with them the round they get cast. This is not a fair game at all why can't it be a simple game of magic where everyone follows the same rules and you just play a regular ♥♥♥♥ing game. This game is a total waste of money unless you like taking it up the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,255420,11751124,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Kaytanna,"If you are not a big magic fan, I would recomend 2014 over this.  The card collections and progressions are nice, Until you realize a 6th of the game is limited to premium booster packs at $2 a pop.  Bought all the card collections? (which you can unlock in game so why is this an option?) your still missing out on the premium cards.If you are a big magic fan like me, and have spent way too much already,then...you should also avoid this.custom deck building, we have it now, its cool, but even including the Pay to win pool of cards there's nothing super interesting to do here with them when compared the physical game. This pool is emarrisinggly small, even when compared to just one years worth of physical content. Its pretty depressing.Still this is the best AI we've gotten, and the deepest strategy pool we've gotten in this series.  And the packs, while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, are fairly cheap compared to their physical alternatives.If you are a fan of this series and want another one, then go ahead its here, you were going to buy it anyway,otherwise you propably wont...and probably shouldn't."
76561198005966312,Not Recommended,255420,11290975,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,npslvoron,No 2HG multiplayer mode!
,Not Recommended,255420,12256174,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Marcel,"This game is about what one would expect from a Magic the Gathering video game.  Tap mana to play spells, bring your opponent to zero life or have their deck run out before yours does.  Standard fare for what one might expect.  The story even has some moderate relevance to the game at large, especially in the form of the new Ob Nixilis.Building your own personal deck(s) is a new feature and one that I rather like a lot.  But there are a few things that restrict this quality.  First off, this game does not have quite as many cards as I had expected.  While, yes, it does take cards from M15, Innistrad, Theros, Return to Ravnica, and Zendikar blocks, along with a few odds and ends cards to improve the pool, you still only have access to about as many cards as you did in the previous installment, if that.  Only Evolve and Bloodrush are present from Ravnica as far as guild mechanics go for playable cards, for example, and Bestow is conspicuously absent.  This is made worse by the fact that almost 100 of the cards are additional purchases on top of the game. Secondly, this game has a few bugs and issues with the interface.  One of the primary complaints that I have had about it is that the option to choose the order of damage is not automatically on, and the interface for doing so is a bit unusual.   There are also bugs in receiving a few titles and avatars. Third, and perhaps one of the most obnoxious things out there, is the existance of decks that are illegal.  The game refuses to tell you why this deck can't be used, only that it can't be used.  I myself experienced this while trying to build a RWU deck.Matchmaking will also frequently become an issue, as games will occasionally be joined when two players are already in the lobby, or the connections will outright fail.Overall then, I would say that this game has a number of things to like about it, but it was heavily hyped for  being able to customize your own deck as much as you want.  What the hype did not include was how much was traded off for this functionality.  While I do not dislike this game by any stretch, nor do I dislike Wizards and their affiliates for it, I could not recommend this to a friend in good conscience.  I feel this game is underpolished and could have used a bit more time on the refining steps."
,Not Recommended,255420,11853296,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Binx,"Gameplay is nice until the final boss, Garruk. Final boss was rigged for the advantage no matter what deck you play. You also have to defeat him twice, which I can defeat him once but the second time, his deck is too OP, especially with the terrible deck shuffle, you get a horrible disadvantage.I even took the liberty of building professional decks from tournaments and my own personal deck. You either have absolutely no mana, bad card lineup or Garruk spawns his cards too fast. I defeated Garruk the first time so much I know his lineup inside-out.Gate > Land, Search for Forest > Land, Garruk's Companion > Land, 4/4 Beast > Land, EnchantmentThe game occasionally glitches, and the opponent will only place lands down, no creatures enchantments or instants. Garruk also seems to find a way of getting past my Blue/White flying deck, and my own personal Beast deck with Garruk's Companions and Advocate of the Beast.For $1.99 you can buy virtual trading cards for the game. This is way overpriced and the cards are terrible, you rarely receive any relevant cards that can boost your deck. Most cards are repeated until you have (4) and then goes on to the next bad card.You can also buy collections for $4.99, and I didn't receive any good cards from that either. All purchases in this game are a complete rip-off, just like GTA Money in GTA 5.The creators developed a good game, but should patch Garruk to have the same chance of getting cards as you do. The game is rigged from the beginning, I was able to defeat everyone in the story mode except Garruk.I no longer play this game, the engine that shuffles your cards are horrible, I would much rather play with real cards, and buy real cards to physically posess and not disappear when I delete my savedata.6/10"
76561198018247765,Not Recommended,255420,11299109,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,viperorw2002,"Gotta say I'm sad they took out the good stuff from 2014 and put in some awrul menus and decks that dont even say what they have in them, and then you can't change after the first win.  Just so sad."
,Not Recommended,255420,11324455,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,KiingNecro,Pros: Deck buildingCons:BuggyCard pool is small and they have lied to you in saying their are over 900 cards in the gameAlmost all cards they give you are trash except a hand fullStarting decks are jokesVery grindy if you do not pay to unlock the garbage they have given you.Pay to win - You have to buy decent cards from a seperate pool of 50 cards. Even then they are not that goodThe game is a bust and do not waste your money on this game.
76561198024412001,Not Recommended,255420,11326279,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pyth Twitchytail,No two headed giantLocked in with a single deck you're not allowed to view and will probably not have fun playingNeed to unlock additional cards to build your deck 1 at a time by grinding.
76561198006451089,Not Recommended,255420,11286272,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,acherontic,"There's an old saying ""planeswalker giveth and planeswalker taketh away"" in this case we were given the ability to build custom decks but in return you get to pick one base deck and the only way to get anymore you have to buy them and you only get a limited am0ount of boosters from campign.All in all the cons out weigh the pros id suggest sticking with a previous iteration of magic the gathering cause this franchise has fallen into the darkness of money grabbing."
76561197995847819,Not Recommended,255420,11286466,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rokz,"Suuuuper slow at playing, I always fall asleep playing this while lying down. If you want a quality TCG google 'HEX : Shards of Fate' still in closed BETA but still waaaaay more love has gone into its development than Magic DotP 2015.BTW if you buy the full package you get NOTHING until you have completed ONE COMPLETE PLAIN. This ticked me off a bit."
,Not Recommended,255420,11287720,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mroharryo,with the 6.99 i could of got some hearthstone packs 0/10 would not do again.
,Not Recommended,255420,11288309,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Naomarius,"I do not recomend this game to beginer players.The menu system is a bit slow and annoying.Also forcing the deck building seems a bit much for people who may not know how to really make a synergistic deck. Which the deck builder could use some work feels like it was made for consoles than PC.If you expect to play multiplayer your only options are 1v1, 2v2, 4v4 no two headed giant.They didn't bring sealed back which with this deck building could have been added for more multiplayer options.Hard to tell if I enabled or disabled an option or not but figured it out after trail and error.I like what they did but how is just so meh. I'll stick to playing M14 Duels for two headed. I'll play this fully to beat and unlock stuff but seriously it's lacking good multiplayer options. Give us Two Headed Gaint back and sealed play in and this would be a good Itteration. This seems like it two two steps back and one forward with removing two good things and adding in one that is hit or miss.Ugh premium packs suck don't make me pay to get cards I can only get that way. This game has always been pay $10 play and unlock all the stuff and have fun. Now it's trying to cash in on hey now you have a card collection you can't use elsewhere but only in this game and to get that one mythic you need to buy additional packs. Give a full unlock option not a rando here ya go good luck getting something good. Ugh stupid idea without a pay to get em all option."
76561198015800058,Not Recommended,255420,11288495,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,"Hello, Dog Speaking",games is badproyou finally get to buil your own deck.consunstable and keeps crashingyou built a deck with some times crappy cards and go up againts an overpowered deck..$$$$$$ money grubbing is just wrong when you excrete such filth for us
76561198030194406,Not Recommended,255420,11288731,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Aronaar,"I expected Magic 2015 with high hopes, and a part of them were deceived. Is that iteration horrible ? Not quite, but it has some glaring flaws. Let's check the features.- The campaign : you start out with a two-couloured deck of your choice (without the opportunity to look at its content, even if you can reselect your starting deck before confirming your choice). Are they weak ? Not 'enter the dracomancer' weak but in general I'd say there are less effective than the average preconstructed deck you can buy IRL.Is this a big obstacle ? Not so much. It's manageable ""even"" on Planeswalker difficulty (mayhap not all the way) and soon enough you can grind for cards.So the start is slow, but acceptable. Encounters are not fix events, wich can be refreshing. The AI can be quite screwed.So, no, it doesn't cheat that horribly and doesn't always have the right cards at the right time.- Obtaining new cards. Apparently there  are a lot of complaints about this, but it's not more time-consuming than before. For one, you don't get cards one by one, wich was unnerving before- moreso when you know you're going to unlock a bad card, or a card you already unlocked and won't use. Seriously, there were tonn many useless cards in 2014 (and before).Here, you get boosters- not 15 cards, but as the pool of cards stands, it is enough.Once you have reached a certain point in the campaign, you can 'explore' the Planes- random encounters granting you boosters upon victory.Sure you'll get cards you do not want, but it will cater to several decks, and IRL, that's the same thing- you can't always be lucky.On a negative note- the ""premium cards"" can only obtained by paying. Are they super special awesome ? Not really (good luck playing the angel needing one mana of each colour, for example) but it souldn't be there in the first place.- Multiplayer. Works nicely, albeit (if I'm not wrong) that you cannot turn off the ""AI takeover"" feature. Well, in any case, I do no think you wil regret the sealed deck mode. More saddening is that 2HG is also out of the window, for no good reason. Only free-for-all remains, no special mode added, or the return of Archenemy. For the main dish of the game, it's a tad bit disappointing.- UI. Things are a bit quicker durind the duels, but the main menu should have all the icons on one page, instead of the tedious scroll back and forth.- Deckbuilding. Finally, it's there !  You can sort cards any way you want, and it includes all the stats you should need to evaluate your creations. Goodbye restraints, welcome creativity. It's a real pleasure to build your own deck and upgrade it over time. Two problems, though.First : the available pool is not so large, around 300 cards. You might think that for 10€ (the only thing the 32€ version will do is nullify 99% of the grinding, as all collections will be available) it's perfectly reasonable. But it's directly related to...Second : the overall quality of the pool is not really sexy. I know that they were complaints for 2014 : unbalanced decks, anti-creature fest, etc.All of it has been toned down- a bit too much, in my humble opinion. I don't crave sheer power like Glory of Avacyn, but when you see cards as pathetic as the 3/1 black goblin for 3 mana putting three cards of your library into the graveyard when it is summoned, or creatures as bland as a 2/2 white soldier without any ability, it's a bit disappointing.I presume we shall already be happy that deckbuilding is implementend ; nonetheless, I think there's still a bit too much ""taking the trash out"" over "" why, look at all the possibilities there !""> CONCLUSION <I do not advise to stay away from the game by a large margin. Newcomers will find plenty to enjoy, and the game contains sufficient help to make them learn. It's not a pay to win either. But even for intended casual games, one could feel the game should offer a stronger pool (without having to pay for even a mere fraction of it !) and add other multiplayer features.For 10€, it is not a rip-off, but we'll have to wait for future content to see if it can become really good.Like, you know, a decently expanded pool ?"
,Not Recommended,255420,11290149,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Wilsonx1999,"I've played and liked the previous MTG games in Steam, but I can't say something positive about this one. The menus were obviously created with a tablet/touch interface in mind and leaves everyone on a PC hanging because it takes so much time to go from one menu to another."
,Not Recommended,255420,11290338,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Silfir,"This is the DotP for people who really, REALLY like deckbuilding.Previous incarnations of the Duels line featured preconstructed decks that could be modified with a limited card pool, which were used in all of the game modes. Some of them could be played more than one way, some really couldn't. You took those decks into various game modes, like Free-For-All, Two-Headed-Giant, or ""guest modes"" like Archenemy (2012) or Planechase (2013). In 2014 it was Sealed, where you were able to experience deckbuilding in a limited manner and take the decks into a mini-campaign mode of its own or online multiplayer.What does Magic 2015 have as the guest mode? It doesn't have one. They also removed Two-Headed Giant. There are no Challenges, either. There is no Revenge campaign; if you play through the campaign on the highest difficulty the first time, there is nothing past that point but unlocking more cards through exploring or replaying challenges and try to do it all over again with different decks.This is the DotP for people who really, REALLY like deckbuilding - because there is nothing else. If you've played one of the previous DoTPs, and you've never felt the urge to try your hand at building some decks of your own rather than being stuck with the decks and their respective card pools, there is zero reason to get Magic 2015.If you are completely new to Magic and would like to play a DotP incarnation to get your feet wet, I would most certainly recommend Magic 2014, or 2013 over this edition. That's because starting with a choice of multiple mostly decent decks that you can slowly expand and unlock and a choice of different game modes offers greater variety. Here, you will start with a preconstructed deck ""archetype"", and you will have to bite your way through the campaign or ""Explore"" opponents with a comparatively subpar deck that you can't swap out for one easier to deal with. Making things worse, Magic 2015 on the PC features a downright unbearable UI. In-game, it's mostly decent, but the menus are a nightmare. You're essentially playing an iPad port, and for some reason that means sitting through elaborate menu animations every time you want to do something as outrageous as, say, add a card you unlocked to your deck. Every startup, you lose 10 seconds to the ""Start"" title screen, because it has to go through all the haunting animation of Garruk as he slowly gets corrupted by the chain veil and then stands there being menacing. It sets the tone for the rest of the experience.Because you start with a small card pool and steadily expand it, the campaign mode actually starts at its hardest and gets easier over time as you gain the ability to refine your decks. (Unless you're so bad at deckbuilding that having access to more options leads to you making your deck worse.) There is very little guidance when it comes to deckbuilding, as far as I could tell, but I did skip the inane tutorial. Though considering the (unskippable) tutorial sequence once I unlocked my first card recommended that I take out Nullify (a decently usable two-mana counterspell four copies of which would become the mainstay of the mono-blue bounce/counter/cheap flyer deck that beat the campaign) and replace it with Mercurial Pretender (which is pretty much complete tosh), I'm tempted to say the game leaves new players out to dry in that regard.I'm actually a little tempted to reset the entire game and start with a different archetype and see how the early game with it compares to my blue/green one. I'm not sure they entirely thought this through; the most challenging bits in terms of beating the game are very early on.I had some fun with this game for my 10 euros, because I do happen to enjoy deckbuilding. But the game really didn't make it easy on me with some utterly inexplicable flaws. Selecting that you've played ""a lot"" of magic will set the game on the highest difficulty, but still start you at the tutorial. (The ""skip"" button is there, too, on the bottom right. Of course, you could have asked the player right out whether they wanted to skip the tutorial, seeing as they've just told you they've played ""a lot"" of Magic, but noooo.) The absolute most infuriating thing is, however, the mana tapping. Magic 2014 actually did a decent job on guessing which lands to tap for spells; it checked your hand for other cards you could potentially play with leftover mana, and if there were none, it would still at least leave open mana in equal proportions. You often had to use Ctrl to correct its choices, but the cases you did were understandable and manageable. Magic 2015 just doesn't give a flying rude one. It will gleefully use all your green mana for a spell with three colorless symbols even though your hand is full of green instants. How this could happen in a game in which *all* starter decks are two-colored, when they had it pretty well covered just one edition before, is completely and utterly beyond me.Following the rule of three:This is the DotP for people who really, REALLY like deckbuilding. The game gives you no real guidance on how to do it, but you can slowly expand your card collection, read up on it possibly, and start tinkering and toiling.Otherwise, I recommend Magic 2014 or Magic 2013. Even Hearthstone, actually. Hearthstone lets you build decks *and* play Arena, a randomized draft format. That is the extent to which Magic 2015 disappoints; previous DotPs could at least claim they had more ways to play, even co-op multiplayer, than Hearthstone. What Hearthstone also has is a functioning, polished UI. In this edition once more, if you click on a card in DotP and change your mind midway to putting it on the field, you're boned. Hearthstone lets you put it back in your hand. Why can't DotP do that? Do the developers not care, or do they just not get the time they would need for polish and Q&A? It's heartbreaking at times.So: Overall, not recommended. If you're a Magic nut and have always wanted to play a DotP that actually lets you build your own deck, here you go.It might be a lesson to all of us: Be careful what you wish for. You might get it."
76561198095808844,Not Recommended,255420,11321324,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Zanzibane,"This game is disappointing beyond repair. It is legitimately Magic online, limited to a console version. WHY do I have to pay for extra ""booster packs"" once i'm done? WHY no challenges, or other fun game modes? I feel like they've stripped this game to nothing and♥♥♥♥♥♥on us. LISTEN UP WIZARDS!!!! If I wanted to do nothing more than make crappy decks i'd buy the real cards, and not this shot down version of a game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11328175,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,meech73,"Do not buy this game. Clunky interface, no 2 headed Giant, once you finish the campaign you cannot get more cards without buying them. I had high hopes for this, but it is not worth the $10 I paid. I would have been furious if I had paid the $35 for this."
76561197984246061,Not Recommended,255420,11287581,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,skylarkingvane,"this is the worst version of MTG on steam. if you really want to play Magic, go back and buy 2014the menu system in this game is terrible, there's fewer game modes, no co-op, and the you have to pay for all the best cards. (you can't grind them out, literally pay to get the best cards.)"
76561197999816155,Not Recommended,255420,11287885,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,xF |:. kg4wxw |LdR| |A|,Slow ...... so very slow.....
,Not Recommended,255420,11297727,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DaveRaider,No.
76561198067727346,Not Recommended,255420,11283102,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,JazzDetective,"My goodness, Wizards has stripped any small bit of good that existed in this series and destroyed it.  This game is wretched on every level.  It feels like it didn't go through any playtesting.  The UI is terrible, the value proposition is awful as players get very little upon purchasing the game.  This version has been stripped of game modes that have been standard in the series.  I was a sucker and purchased the Complete Bundle only to discover that it doesn't actually unlock any cards for use in the game.  From what I can tell, it provides a visual spoiler of all the cards in each set, but doesn't unlock a thing.  WHAT!?STAY AWAY~!!"
76561198110452135,Not Recommended,255420,11283531,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MikMakMarowak,"As a huge fan of the previous installments of Magic DotP, this is not worth the money. In short:No 2HG (dealbreaker)Boarders on pay-to-winThe decks you start with are irredeemableThis is just a larger version of sealed play from 2014, which was the worst part of that game.I cannot recommend this game to anyone who loves the previous DotP games."
76561198054115634,Not Recommended,255420,11285048,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,JEtheringt0n,"Where are my Minotaur!!!I play MTG on a regular basics and being a big fan of the card game, I was hoping it would be something similar after watching preview for months!!! Only to be very disappointed, firstly not every card is available for your collection, which is understandable if we were playing Modern rules but it doesn't have all the cards for Standard which really frustrated me, as I was hoping I could create my deck from FNM. I was hoping that Hearthstone would kick them up the bum to release something at least competitive but I guess not.  All in all, I'm really disappointed and I doubt I will be purchasing anymore MTG digital games!!!"
76561198024989659,Not Recommended,255420,11287654,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Father Goose,"This game is absolutely awful. There's just no getting around that.-As practically everyone else has stated, the UI is atrocious. It's unbelievable how slow it is.-You start with one deck. That's it. All you know about it is what color/s it is. There is no going back to pick another once you see how awful it is. I don't care if you're the best mtg player on the planet. You will lose quite a bit at first simply because the deck you picked has absolutely awful cards. (Destroy target creature for 5.... No thanks.)-I can't save my graphics settings. The resolution saves but that's it. If I try to change the AA to x16 or raise the fps to 60, it simply changes it back when I leave the menu.-I'm getting random fps drops. This isn't my pc's fault (4670k/gtx770). It drops below 20 fps at times for absolutely no reason.Please don't give these incompetent, money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s more money."
76561198074435194,Not Recommended,255420,11287817,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,SaltyBet,"This really feels like a rushed out sequel, if your a real magic fan get 2014 its far better.Reasons: 2H giant, better decks that are FUN to use, no gimick bosses, DOESNT CRASH EVERY 5 MIN UNLESS YOU DO WINDOWD!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11296242,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Stochastic,"No more prebuilt decks. You get a starter deck, then have to build your own from scratch"
76561198090545761,Not Recommended,255420,11303169,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,scottnjapan,Pitiful starting decks and a so-so card collection combined with a tedious interface make this game a far cry from its predecessors.   It falls in between the cracks of Magic Online and the previous Planeswalker games and does neither well.  Save your money.  I guess there is always next year.
76561197975329259,Not Recommended,255420,11322044,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Maven,"Magic 2015 ... One step forward, ten steps back. Firstly, I haven't put a ton of time into this game, so much of this is a reaction after only about a few play sessions, but this game really takes the cake for stupidity in design.The UI is the first major step, back... glitz over usability. Slow, and unresponsive, though I do have an older computer. The menus are nested in a way that makes them even slower, then they should be.The game first asks your skill level, so I chose Planeswalker, the highest, which then immediately goes to a tutorial. So, this seems to be the theme of Magic 2015, ask what people want then ignore that info, and give us what you think we wanted.They got rid of old model, which while limited, in that you had many premade, but customizable decks, into you get a deck that you can customize. Now, when this deck fails misarabley because of design restrictions, there are no falling back to another deck that's more appropriate to the challenge, this is frustrating, and leaves you feeling screwed.Now, when I checked years ago, MTG had over 11k cards in it's catalog, but here they give you access to around 300 after you unlock them through cash or play. It's just greed, even the orignal PC game that came out last century, or last millenium, if you prefer, had more, but your left feeling like the game should be a lot more satisfying then it is.I realize Magic 2015, and the others are part of an effort by Wizards to get people to go to Magic Online, but I'm thinking that won't happen. What's the benefit, people can pay and pay for virtual cards they have no ownership of. Now, you may say you're doing the same with this, but that hasn't been true in the past. You pay an amount you have access to a mostly workable game with other unlockable cards. This game was dissapointing in the pay aspect of the bonus cards. Really you should be getting a lot more for what they're asking, since these cards won't move to the next Magic.  Magic cards are expensive IRL, so you really are paying for nothing when it comes to virtual cards. You don't own them, can't trade them.I'm not going to bother with the rest of this review. Maybe, I'll just play an older versions of MTG when i need a fix, or find a new card game that's going to be more inclusive. I think if Wizards wants my cash in the future, they should seriously consider easing up on the stupid restrictions that these game artificially put in. Use the computers ability to take away restrictions and give us freedom, and decent priced addons not stupid packs."
,Not Recommended,255420,11324449,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,nibblemouse,"The AI makes really terrible decisions sometimes. It doesn't seem to understand or take into account certain activated abilities on creatures. When the AI does something completely stupid (and does it again the next turn), it takes all the fun out of playing.A specific example is Elder of Laurels and its activated ability; the AI gets confused when the player has enough mana to use it, and will throw the game by suiciding its creatures one at a time.If it wasn't for the AI, I would recommend this game, because its other elements (such as deck-building) are quite good."
,Not Recommended,255420,11329869,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mosin,"It has around 300 cards availiable.  Three.Hundred.With 60% being commons, and mythic/rare/uncommon numbers limited respectively by 1/2/3 per deck, you end up with trash draft-tier decks no matter how ever you try with the deck builder.In the end, the game is about who draws that big card first, because the card pool doesn't have enough combos, or denials, or resets.  If you enjoy dropping big monsters and just sitting there trading blows, hearthstone is a better game for you.edit : and the game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port as well."
,Not Recommended,255420,11286144,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Doctor Whooves,"Well this is depressing, I was a huge fan of 2014, played tons of it, unlocked everything but this game is a bit of a mess. The terrible UI the lack of two-headed giant, the only real good point of the game is the addition of more flexibility in the deck editor. They even seemed to have stripped the ability to make decks over 60 cards and the card selection seems a tad arbitrary even in comparison to the other Magic games. There is a community thread going at the moment to petition WOTC to add back in two-headed giant, if that passes this game might be worth a play. Definitely not worth the money at the current time."
,Not Recommended,255420,11291863,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,arbor day,"If you're thinking about buying this game, you may want to reconsider. I regret my purchase completely, and here is why.This is a ten dollar game, with two dollar ""microtransactions."" 2015 claimed it would finally have real deck building, which it does. I didn't know part of that deck building experience was going to be paying money for cards. Yes, you can unlock cards in the game. It's pretty tedious, and the starting decks are mostly so awful that I'm pretty sure they made them that bad on purpose so as to try to get people to buy cards sooner. This might pass on a free to play title, but I already gave you ten dollars. I know one of you idiots is going to say ""BUT ARBY REAL MAGIC COSTS MONEY,"" and while that is true, it is also true that this isn't real Magic. I was under the assumtion that these releases weren't money grabs. My bad, I guess.The above point makes this game Pay-to-Win. No thanks. Again, so is real Magic. I get it, shut up.Speaking of the starting decks, they aren't explained well at all before you pick them. The text on them is almost misleading. You can try a deck out before you confirm that it's your choice, but once you have made the choice final, you're stuck with it. An option to look through the deck first would have been nice here. Even if I play against the tutorial guy with a deck two or three times, I might not see every card in the deck or even get a good feel for it as a whole.Puzzle mode is gone. What. The.♥♥♥♥♥♥If you can deal with all that, go for it. It seems pretty solid other than my complaints, which are pretty huge. At least to myself, I mean."
76561198071580892,Not Recommended,255420,11279724,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sly386,"This game is a joke. Why is there even a dificulty level? I turned it from archmage, to mage, to plansewalker and there is literally no difference. No change in card draws or attack or defence choices.First off: The starter decks are all duel decks, meaning two colors. Well if you know anything about those you know that just having a Blue+White deck does not mean ""That playstyle"". Here is a rough definition of the Blue+White Deck: ""Summon flying blue cards and use white cards to power them up"". Well here is the truth, Any white deck your choose has the very same white cards. Yet each White combo deck says different things like ""use white to power up"" or ""summon many white monsters"" or ""enhance your white cards while summoning powerful fire cards to defend"".Second off: Here is the kicker for me: Your DLC you BUY WITH MONEY DOES NOT UNLOCK TILL AFTER YOU BEAT THE FIRST AREA! Not the first person, the first area. And since you have All Combo decks and not a single Mono deck (one color) then it is gonna be a tough time for you.Third off: You pick a deck...you keep it. No way to change unless you restart your game. If you dont like the play style then tough. Buy booster packs...which dont unlock till after the first area.What a sham."
76561197995241762,Not Recommended,255420,11286241,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Belzzzebub,No 2HG and the worlds most anoying combat phase animation that you cant turn off...So to summaraize: 2014 was better
76561198016512142,Not Recommended,255420,11290117,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,root,"Another wotc rip off, should have known better. Grinding aside, I was happy unlocking things against stupid AI. Then suddenly things stopped unlocking and I thought : strange, am I bugged? But apparently it's a feature. Thanks wotc, last mtg game I bought."
76561197979991373,Not Recommended,255420,11286122,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Brahmaparush,"Compared to the previous instalment of the DofP series, this game does not have the pre-constructed decks and overall has fewer cards to select from."
,Not Recommended,255420,11288250,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Spaniol6,None of these editions are worth it.  The game is incredibly slowed down from the previous game.  The interface is slow.  The campaign locks you into a deck that is usually not very good.  It's missing content that was in previous games.
,Not Recommended,255420,11320523,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Xextred XIII,"Rip off. This game expects you to buy cards and is still charging for purchase of the game. 1.99 a pack. I'd rather just play magic online, it's free and you can buy cards. This game doesn't even have puzzles or the multiplayer gimmick that its previous successors had.Do not buy this game."
76561198022426776,Not Recommended,255420,11322062,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,roberts2365,"Alright, to be honest this game was a huge disapppointment for me.  I had played Magic many years before the first duels of the planeswalkers game, granted it wasn't competitive or anything but I have experience with the actual card game.  I loved the first few games because I was not an expert player.  It reintroduced me to Magic, and grinding to unlock all the cards gave me something to do and work for.  After the first few games I got sick of not being able to build my own deck.  I don't play the card game these days because of how expensive it is, but the video game wasn't quite satisfying my magic curiosity.  With the last game, they gave us a half♥♥♥♥♥tool to make our own decks that to me seemed to always be terrible.  With this game, it is straight up pay-to-win.  I beat the campaing in a matter of a few hours an quickly realized I wasn't unlocking cards anymore.  I would have to pay to get the boosters to continue.  This just instantly turned me away from this game.  The amount of decent cards that are available to be unlocked in the normal campaign pales in comparison to what you must buy.  Maybe they will be able to fix this with a DLC that is worth a dam but I don't see that happening.  I would stay away from this, whether your a hardcore Magic fan or just someone trying to pick it up for the first time.  Go check out some of the earlier games in the series.  Also, the menu system and user interface has always been absolutely terrible with these games.  How hard is it to fix that?  Lazy programming seems to be the standard with this series."
76561198054028379,Not Recommended,255420,11327667,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Snuggle Pepper,"I really want to like this game, but it's just not fun. The deck you start out with is pretty terrible and they give you really hard opponents to try to get you to buy booster packs right away. I couldn't even look at my deck before I chose it, and now i'm stuck with a blue/black deck that i didn't even know had any black in it. I also can't change anything unless I buy boosters which cost $2. If I'm going to buy boosters I'm going to buy real cards, not waste money on fake booster packs. Even the Promo card is so terrible, it's not worth picking it up."
76561197979854503,Not Recommended,255420,11301446,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Emmet,"You're going to love this game if you like buying a game and then have to buy all the content on top of it! Great! $2 for a booster pack!If I wanted to play a pay to win, I would have gone playing Magic Online."
76561198120571621,Not Recommended,255420,11341122,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Akame,"This Game...I'm a new player to Magic The Gathering, i started about 2 months before i pre-ordered this game. After pre-ordering it, i told my friend. My friend immedietly started shouting at me about how bad a desicion i made, Magic the Gathering games are known as absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ He was right. I couldn't even beat the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial, the Obolis Crusher is way to over powered. This game is terrible. Do not waste 10 dollars on this sorry exuse for a game."
76561198087748155,Not Recommended,255420,11529535,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,mathew.carroll,"Of all the games I have played over the years, this is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever created. I prefer the table version. Who ever made this game should be fired and not alowed to creat another game ever again."
76561198098093069,Not Recommended,255420,11531043,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Erostoney,"1.  ATTENTION:  This game has a risk of crash when u launch.No matter how good is a game, the developer should Never sell a game to their customers with this kind of risk.On steam forum you can see endless update of complaining for this bug every day. Lot of players and fans are suffering from this stupid bug which should have been tested and debuged BEFORE the game release.On 1.Aug, they made a 319M patch, but this problem is still not solved.Maybe only 5% players have this problem, but for a game, it is a huge failure and shameEven for this single point, some people should be fired2. Game Pros1) You can cumtomize you deck and it is easy2) The interface looks clean and cool (BUT, see below ... )3) It is interesting that you can explore a planet and meet random encounters to collect cards3. Game Cons1)  Cards are not in good quality nor quantityYou have c.a 300 cards and can make lots of interesting decks by your creative ideas and personal understanding of Magic.However, if you play and test, you will find the White color is a gay lord in this game and actually this game is a TOKEN-to-WIN game.Black is much weakened in 2015 and has no wipe removal spells, thus token strategy is over powerful in 2015You do have some cards for every idea, but you do not have some powerful core cards for a core concept, e.g mill decksIf you played 2013 and 2014, you will find the card quality are much better than this version and the decks are more interesting to play even you can not fully costumize.By this point, even you buy all 10 boosters and built some interesting decks such as ""Cloudshift + Liliana Spector"", still no chance to play againt a noob token deck, that is the reason why I say, 2015 is not Pay-to-Win2. Interface is too horrible for operationThey want to SHOW how beatiful it looks, and you suffer from the operation timeJust to put the icons there and use the interface of 2014 can be much better3. You can only player 1v1 in multiplayerThus, it much depends on your luck and oppo's deck if you want to winA lucky noob token deck can beat you in within 4 turns, u still think your creative idea is awesome?A pro with 2-3 turns no-mana-in row or 3-4 turns all-mana-in row will lose a noob who copies exactly ur ideaIn paper magic, of course you also mainly play 1v1 and DO willl meet the same mana problem.BUT, How Many cards can you play in real life magic game?And How many crap cards in 2015 are you using in your real life magic decks?4. About Two-Head-Giant ModeIn the beginning, I complained a lot about the missing of THG.However, with the card pool provided so far, THG makes no sense, it will be a Token-and-More Token mode or worse, some deadly combo will come out and win within 5 turnsA player enters random lobby will have nearly no chance to play against a pre-mate teamThis a not fair and not what we want for THG at all.In summary, I will give 3 of 10 for Magic 2015.I would pay 100$ for a good game which I can share fun with friends, but even 10$ is too much for a crapIf you still no buy, surely can spend 10$ and try the basic version. ( If you are lucky enough to have no crash )For myself, I will take a serious look on the new card pool in further expansion or DLC before spend my money."
,Not Recommended,255420,21013139,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nep,"This game is really only fun with friends. I bought it a couple days after release on my 360, and have had a pretty good time with it. If you don't have anyone to play it with, I wouldn't reccomend it, considering the multiplayer is dead. It also lacks 2 headed giant, probably one of the most popular gamemodes of the older entries, and while it does allow for custom decks, the card pool is fairly small. All in all, you should only get this if you have a group of friends you can sit down and play it with."
76561198032231728,Not Recommended,255420,13158371,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,clw1014,The AI gets cards you can not get. The only way to win is ether pay to win or none stop replay once you get farther along.also It auto picks your lands to use even after you turn the auto-lands off.
76561198036562544,Not Recommended,255420,11280857,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Meryl Gear Solid,"Can't get past the main menu, do not buy until they fix this mess!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11283490,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Derr143,Awful. You are given a starter deck and there is no way to unlock other decks but only other cards. You can't play multiplayer until after about an hour of gameplay. If you bought a special version you don't get what you payed for until a quarter of the way through the game. From that point the game is a joke anyway. I would have games where i only get 4 mana and still beat the AI untouched. On top of that they took out two headed giant from multiplayer. all in all I'd give the game a 3/10
76561198030554225,Not Recommended,255420,11283340,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ArgentumEmperio,"Duels of the Planeswalker - this is my inital response and after having played a game of it online against another player:It is worth getting if you have problems being able to play Magic elsewhere, or if you are new to the series but even then I would say its sketchy because as fun as it is to build your own deck and face it off your opponents, you can get stuck even at the tutorial depending on your deck you picked - the difficulty may cause a bit of a headache as well but considering I found the AI to be questionable when facing lethal damage... it may or may not affect much.Because most of the game comes - initially at least - from the deck you chooses that you can't switch or do anything with basically (you can modify it but with no cards until you've won the first campaign to unlock the boosters, it may not actually matter).The way you make your own deck is fine and unlocking boosters seem to be both easy and grind-able enough for people like myself who want very specific decks going into the multiplayer (altho', now even I will have to deal with the lack of perfect cards and I say that with a smile) so you're most likely going to be able to get the cards you want.Other than that, its still a Duels of the Planeswalker game with the same things you expect over and over again except two massive flaws in this installment:The menu is extremely clunky to maneuver and takes a long time to get anywhere if it isn't one of the first three icons... and then you'll still have to scroll thru' after that menu another one, and possibly a third one as well. Its clunky, unneccesary and annoying.And secondly, something which disturbs a great deal of people - no Two-headed Giant's mode (which is the same as a 2v2 mode in MTG with special rules)...Overall, the game seems fine but I still wouldn't recommend it unless you have no other way to play Magic."
,Not Recommended,255420,11283824,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Harddk,"This year the developers made some aweful design choices, again.It's still a Duels of the Planeswalker -game, but the solo focus in this addition is Deckbuilding. That's not a bad thing at all, quiet good actually, but all other features and gamemodes have been scaled down due to this. Aweful designchoice.PRO:- Deckbuilding unlike any other version of DotP- You'll earn cards fast from playing the campaign- Game is cheap with only 10 eu at launchCON:- Menues are clunky and needs time to load properly before you can interact- No 2HG (2vs2) in multiplayer! ONLY free-for-all 2 to 4 players- Starting deck is weak and with low synergi- Multiplayer not avalible before you finish first tierScore:  5/10- It brings a much requested feature to the series with notched up deckbuilding, but the sacrifices by leave out other gamemodes like 2HG and archenemy leaves Magic 2015:DotP with limited lasting appeal."
76561198047177044,Not Recommended,255420,11285838,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,onuar,"WORST DUELS GAME EVER!Played Magic DoTP games over 500 hours, this is the worst version ever. The UI is horrible, the multiplayer is terrible, NO TWO HEADED GIANT (2v2 MODE), campaign is terribly boring, the cardpool is boring, there is pay2win premium packs you can't unlock without paying, deck editor is also terrible, you can't switch your decks between games without quitting your games."
76561198076849576,Not Recommended,255420,11752636,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Annoying Killah,"I have never played card games and i have to say if other card games are like this one they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing games.So my first problem with this game was that Tutorial doesn't help♥♥♥♥♥♥when you go play campaing, also the menu is ♥♥♥♥ing slow (it have some ♥♥♥♥ing stupid slow animation that i dont ♥♥♥♥ing care).Campaing is way too hard even in easiest difficulty (I stopped at Jace's Test after losing 8 times 0/18 almost every time.Multiplayer you don't even want to try if you haven't complete campaing or have lot of cards to built good deck.Card games are ♥♥♥♥♥♥  2/10"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282548,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,madman_asunder,"If this game is going to force you to stick with one deck it should at least WARN you and let you preview the god damn cards. I also use a labtop... guess what gamemakers, I don't have a middle mouse button!Sure that is okay in game since the number 1 key works to zoom, but in deck builder, it doesn't work. I cannot for the life of me, zoom in in deck building mode.I enjoyed 2014, but this is about as un fun as a game gets. I don't get the PC game to play endless hours trying to build my own deck (don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind slowly doing this over a LONG period of time, but I usually just hop on for a match, let me pick from all of the starter decks all of the time).I don't think the devs put any thought into these decisions."
76561198003226645,Not Recommended,255420,11282586,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Robbo Mcjobbo,"Do not buy this game if you intend on playing with friends, it's only got 1v1, 1v1v1 and 1v1v1v1. It also has THE most annoying interface I have ever seen in a game and the game as whole is an absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for anyone who has even minor experience with MTG as it's frustratingly slow with it's ""tutorials""."
76561198069402939,Not Recommended,255420,11283346,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DrNoodle,This game makes me want to kill myself FOR ANY MAGIC FAN DO NOT PURCHASE THE GAME. Thumbs down
,Not Recommended,255420,11285607,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,E-SPORTS HUNNIE,IMO it's crap atm in terms of card variety. Hopefully once modders get their hands on it it'll be better.
,Not Recommended,255420,11286242,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DizzyE,"Honestly don't.First off, they removed 2 headed giant, so all the giggles we had 2v2 online and 2v2 inhouse are gone.Lets see, instead of earning decks each chapter you knock out, you earn booster packs, so you only get your starter deck, which you unlock at the end of an hour long tutorial. You don't even know what is in the starter deck, just choose a color and hope its nice, which it wont be. Oh you dont get to change it once you choose either.You DO get to fully customize your deck now with whatever cards you want so that is a step in the right direction.You can buy boosterpacks and full card collections with Real Money, which is cool, untill you try to hop into multiplayer and fight someone who has spent $50 on the game and smacks you around with their perfect deck.Still buggy as all gettout, and the menu/UI looks shiny, but is clunky and slow.Feels like 1 step forward, and 2 steps backward.Teal deer: lets hope Naxx is good when it comes out."
76561198071314469,Not Recommended,255420,11290905,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,kevingray1990,"Still can't believe we finally got what we've always wanted from a DotP game, full deck customization. But they managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥it up by making it so the card pool is super limited and if you want to get the best cards you have to fork out extra AFTER spending 35 dollars on the ""Complete"" edition (Which i regret both because this is the worst DotP IMO and because I've essencially cheated myself out of the enjoyment of actually unlocking the cards myself... no one to blame but myself for that though.). Looking through the card pools it teases you with some decent cards in the otherwise abysmal selection, making it seem like ""Oooooh, I'd love to build a deck themed around that sweet goblin."" but then fail to deliver in bringing the selection needed to actually make a deck that feels good to play.They might be able to redeem themselves (Somewhat, at least. I mean saying sorry doesn't make it all better but it helps.) if they make it so you CAN unlock premium cards without paying and release updates to the card pool. But it's obvious that this is the DotP that wanted to get as much money from fans as fast as possible before everyone realized they were paying for something not worth the money.If you do buy this game at least don't get the special edition or complete bundle, it is a regretted purchase."
,Not Recommended,255420,11309418,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,wvittim,"Despite the fact that this game is considerably better than its predecessor, I find that I must give it a downvote. This is not necessarily because it’s a bad game; it’s more that I crave better. Currently it’s (for me) more comfortable to play using normal cards, rather than playing this game.Yes, yes. It all is esthetically pleasing, but that seems to all it is. The UI is bad. The tutorial is bad. The campaign is boring and the AI is horible at best. Don’t even get me started on the micro transactions throughout the game.The sad thing is; that this game should not reflect Wizards of the Coast in any way. Wizards of the Coast is a great company and they are really good with art (as seen in this game), but they are not good game designers.I pray that they will learn from their mistakes and make M2016 an, at least, tolerable game. Though, given the past history of Magic (M2014, M2013, etc.) it’s, sadly, not very likely."
,Not Recommended,255420,11283059,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DeuceDeuce,"TERRIBLE, such a shame... I love magic and enjoy the casual aspect that all of the Magic 20XX games bring. this one is a big failure though. Very dissapointed, DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,255420,11289918,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,SharpBlade,"These are the points that stuck out during playing:cons- cant skip the tutorial- you have to buy boosters to be competitive (You can still unlock cards but you need more than that)- at the end of the tutorial you can choose a deck by color, but you have no idea what cards are in itpros- you have more freedom to create a deck"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282326,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[BacEn] Jobbo_Fett,"-Weird difficulty that really makes you wonder why a loss doesn't give you any cards, at least for the time you spent playing.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ menus, its like they are trying to mask loading screens.-""Practice Duels"" give you no rewards, despite being exactly like previous games' skirmish or custom modes.-Game crashes at random times, albeit rarely.Just get the last game or two.  This year brings nothing new to the table and feels like a step backwards from previous years."
76561198011761277,Not Recommended,255420,11282513,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Wally,"Doing away with the tried and true play of supplying focused decks with unlockable cards, Magic 2015 instead gives you a pool of cards to unlock from and build your own deck.  2014 attempted this with the sealed campaign, which failed miserably, so the decision to make this the basis for their whole game is mindboggling.Not only will this turn away new players who will find it impossible to know how to create a deck from scratch (Expect a lot of 5 color 100 card libraries) but in previous titles, segregating all the decks allowed each deck to have unique and incredible abilities.  Now that you can make whatever you want, anything interesting or fun must be removed to prevent exploitation, leaving you with nothing but boring, bread and butter decks.To top of this♥♥♥♥♥♥salad, you start with only a handful of cards unlocked, and are forced to pay to unlock the rest.  If you should instead desire to grind out the campaign with your♥♥♥♥♥♥cards for a dozen hours to unlock them instead, you will still be missing out on the best cards, of which are only found in Booster Packs you are forced to gamble on.The game has been made stale, and worse pay-2-win, as whoever drops 100$ on boosters will always win.  RIP Magic Duels."
,Not Recommended,255420,11283740,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Leftboot,"Not a very good start to the game. They give you an incredibly weak deck and have you fight against well made decks in the campaign. Which leaves you with luck and luck only. If you don't get a good hand, you won't win. It's rather annoying, especially when all I want to do is just play multiplayer with my friends."
76561198067274820,Not Recommended,255420,11284478,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Yhap,"Absolutely horrible interface.  The quick, efficient menus from MTG 2014 are gone and replaced with ridiculous animation.  The frame rate is bizarre.  For reasons I don't get, it's incredibly hard to actually click cards.    Why on earth did they did new animation for attacks - the middle of the board opening up?This game needs a massive patch.  Massive.  Easily the worst of the series.I wish I had not pre-purchased and regret buying this.  Wish Steam gave refunds within the first 4 hours of purchase."
76561198023628955,Not Recommended,255420,11283619,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,cchchuah,This Is SAD!!!!!!No 2HGFree Booster Is only for Offline. I thought I were getting the online BoosterP2WinOnly 1 deck for starter and I don't even know the cards of the deck. U expext me to randomly choose a deck?I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,255420,11289713,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Squiddlez,"Here is a summarization of my experience with M152 hours and 2 dozen tries to beat the final tutorial mission.Breeze through Innistrad portion.Get to Avacyn.Get roflstomped on every attempt in a 3 day period.Find out how to delete profile and reselect colors.Roflstomp the tutorial.Breeze through Innistrad again.Avacyn Roflstomps me the rest of the day.Ragequit and uninstall.2 weeks later, get bored and see friend playing it cliaming to have beat it.srsly.jpg I decide to try it again.Roflstomp the crap out of Avacyn in about 6 turns.... Dafuq?Retry Avacyn fight because apparently I'm a Masochist?Roflstomp her again... and again and again.Get bored and build a deck with some ehhh cards.Still bored decide to try a game online.Spire Tracers and Titanic growths everywhere... fuqdis.Go to the store and buy an M15 boosterbox and redeem my code.Get a Garruk, Liliana and Ajani. As well as a few other legends/mythics/etc.Realize that real cards will always be superior.Laugh at the idiots that play MTGO.Uninstall M15Play EDH and Two Headed Giant with Friends."
76561198031444568,Not Recommended,255420,11286627,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,freek_o_nature,"Same basically entertaining M:tG, but with a host of irritating and unfortunate features.-No Two-headed Giant (basic 2-player co-operative)-Slow-moving graphically-intensive menus designed for touchscreen interface-Heavily-paywalled cardpool makes customizable deck less appealing (only ~30% of cardpool freely accessible)-Lack of preconstructed decks (which included many good cards) can make deckbuilding tedious and unsatisfying-Deckbuilding can be seriously hampered by random (and limited) cardpoolA truly disappointing installment in a franchise previously lauded for engaging multiplayer games; hardcore Magic fans will probably still enjoy the classic Magic card game, but newer or casual players may be discouraged by the lack of co-op multiplay and the powerful, expensive decks used by hardcore players in PvP.Would not recommend, not even for ten bucks."
,Not Recommended,255420,11328408,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dreadharte,"I love the Magic games and I was really looking forward to playing it, and I will no doubt continue to play it anyway. But I have to give it a negative review. The interface is ridiculous. I saw someone write ""touch optimized menus"" - NOPE, my brand new laptop has touchscreen and it doesn't work in the slightest while Hearthstone manages perfectly. also, my framerate sucks for some reason and I can run Crysis 2 at 30fps so Idek what's going on there... Good game, poor presentation and menu fluidity."
,Not Recommended,255420,11338740,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DancefloorDale,"This game is really bad. You begin with the campaign locked, multiplayer locked (still no two headed giant mode), and deck building locked. You have to grind through the horrible and painfully slow tutorial (it's more than an hour long) to unlock your starter deck. The starter deck is straight garbage; you'll feel like you've been given a butter knife to take part in a gun-fight. With that said, the cards you've been given are no match for what the AI in the campaign has.I have no problem with grinding though the campaign to be rewarded with cards, as you should be rewarded for playing. However, having pay-to-win multiplayer will keep me from ever using the mode as I already know that an unfair advantage has been bought by players.Don't buy this game. Just stick with Magic 2013: it has two headed giant mode."
76561197973880388,Not Recommended,255420,12288523,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Lornie,"Its an OK game.  The interface on PC is terrible - its designed for touch.  I reached the final boss 2nd stage and my cards won't do it, so I'm stuck unless I shell out more money for a booster pack or start completly over.  So I'm done, and if the next version does this I won't buy it.  So since I can't finish the game because the people that made it are greedy, I don't recomend it."
76561198005033755,Not Recommended,255420,11356642,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Gaudaloht,"No two headed giant like every other year, i used to play only 2 v 2, outside of the campaing there is no trhill for me anymore"
,Not Recommended,255420,11282369,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,geroh,"Don't waste your time, every other duels version is better. This is a rushed piece of trash. Also, no 2-headed giant mode."
76561197971089316,Not Recommended,255420,11279138,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Saint Christopher of Cats,"Magic 2015's interface feels inferior to previous version of DOTP.  It has very slow animations to back out of matches to exit the game.  Additionally, I found the pricing is confusing for the different versions of the game confusing."
76561198029504014,Not Recommended,255420,11282493,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,arrguilesocks,"The game doesn't even work.  Right after loading the intro screen the game crashes.  It does this every single time, so until an update is released, it seems like I paid for a game that is unplayable.  I am running Windows 8, so if you are running an older version, you might be okay.  Please don't waste your money on this game though!  It definitely isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,255420,11282370,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mantis,"Never go Blue/Red, ♥♥♥♥ing useless. You either get all mana or no mana, creatures who are too expensive or spells that don't help in your situation. And yes I know how deck building works, the game always has an out for a killing blow or a good play. Unless you like BDSM don't play. Also you can't change decks easily so enjoy getting pooped on."
76561198122532441,Recommended,255420,15115967,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MasterXploder7,"After multiple hours of xbox 360 xbox one and a few on PC, I must say this game has matured. (skip ahead if you dont intend to have DLC) If you have got the expansion, grinded all the cards and have the 5 free update packs, you have a variety to play with and can evem make a strong mono-color deck, maybe a tri-color deck. Options are more viable now. Even with all the cards unlocked things can be a little difficult, but a deck may be crafted that comes out ontop and if cards are put together properly i feel that the game can be taken to new heghts, If you plan on paying 15$ for the game, you will have lots of fun. It especially helps when you fight the last boss (garruk) twice and if you restart you have to play both of them all over.For those who dont buy the DLC you still have some options, Tri-decks will not be nearly as viable though, so if you prefer to stay in the dual deck range you are fine, decks made without dlc interference will be a little more rigid, but you can still craft something from the battle packs you unlock and the 5 free update packs. Again, it will be rigid, but sometimes it can be okay to be rigid, some of the cards in the DLC will never find a place in my deck, but boiling soup is a pain in the butt if Griselbrand or a Dragon is on your field. Note: this is still difficult to play if you dont buy dlc, however using the free update packs may help, I refuse to pull an IGN and say ""give them your money"" the game can be difficult, annoying and you may want to throw something, I got angry with it before DLC came out but i will have a rating down below.Overall comparison:2015/2014: 2015 increases versatility, we dont have people running around with a crappy samurai deck nor a supra eldrazi deck, it isnt impossible to win games and have fun.2015/2013: 2013 in my opinion was my favorite, the decks were all balanced so anyone could win no matter what deck people were playing, but in this game we see a little unbalancing issue, there are many ways around it since it is a deck builder and we can have any number of decks (from what i can see) but some cards from some colors are just too powerful to ignore.2015/2012: 2015 is a miraculous improvement, 2012 simply gave us a better version of 2010.2015/2010: the original game that started the series has faded, and in many ways I could say that both have very positive attributes, while two-headed giant is gone, i still have fun absolutely destroying my friends, and i enjoy fighting mirror matches on practice mode. however 2010 had more options for a dual, you couldnt edit decks as much as the other iterations but you could change the life amount, hand size (and for some who dont know there was a ""revenge"" version of nicol bolas for his original deck in 2010 that you could play against in 2-headed giant which was insane) all of this changed the way the game felt.If 2014 were a 10/10 this game would be a 7.65/10 (I argued with myself on this one...)if 2013 were a 10/10 this game would be a 6/10if 2012 were a 10/10 this game would be a 11/10 (vast improvements that made it better than the best possible product)if 2010 were a 10/10 this game would be a 10/10Rating:Overall the game w/ DLC is a 7.5/10 (this refers to how much i wanted to keep playing and had fun)without DLC this game is a 5/10 (in my opinion it really does add that amount of flavor but you might think differently if you play it the base game was good enough for me to play through but not replay over and over like after the updates and expansion)"
,Recommended,255420,14812837,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Gingerale,"Magic the Gathering has always been exciting for me; whatever the hand or the colour I use, it is a great way to talk to my friends and have fun. However, Magic 2015 did not fully give me this. At lauch, the multiplayer didn't work too well and I still dislike the menu layout. Although I still definatley recommend the game to anyone, MTG pro or not. When I saw PC Gamer's review on the game, I instantly disagreed. Magic still gives an entertaining game for many hours of enjoyment. It is easy to grasp, but hard to master. A lot of the time, the AI is harder than real players, this shows how considerabley abundant the design of the game is. Whenever I launch this game I get a sense of happiness (even though there is still no two headed gaint which I cry all night about) :). 8/10 from me, a great improvement from Magic 2014! Thank you for an amazing game!"
,Recommended,255420,15172771,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Buroch1988,"Dude, ive been playing magic for 11 years now, i have all magic games, and i cant tell you that this is the best of them, you can make your own deck, mixing all cards, its really good, i recomend =]The other magic games you are stuck to preset decks =T"
76561198147912252,Recommended,255420,15523083,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Malbozjia,Is it just me or did they remove some cards I had a 75 card deck and now it is down to 61 I looked for the cards but they are no where to be found... not sure if i recommend this or not after the card removal. but for now I I will recommend it until I figure out what is going on.
,Not Recommended,255420,11300019,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ToastRider,"-Horribly designed,  the inferface is too slow , too many loading screens.-Micro transactions get you the best cards , the 10$ pricetag is misleading.-The AI is really stupid and slow which makes the completion of the story boring and really long.-Collecting your bad-free cards takes a lot of time , so you need to play for a while with really bad , annoying , and poorly built decks.-A fine learning experience for players who are new to Magic The Gathering, even though they should play Duels of previous years instead.-Instead of constructed Magic decks, you can only play Limited - quality decks.-They took out a few new game modes from last games , like sealed and two headed giant.-Way less intuitive and smooth compared to previous Duels , for example , the land system is really bad, in previous Duels it would have calculated the tapping so you could have enough mana for your other spells in hand,  this year they just ignored it and the lands are tapped randomly."
76561198013308579,Recommended,255420,15012688,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kanzler,"This may have been plagued by bugs and instability when it first launched but all of that seems to be gone. A much more mature, tactical experience centered around your brain, not the shuffle - unlike Youknowwhostone. 8/10"
76561198000490100,Not Recommended,255420,13672601,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Enas Yorl,"Don't bother, play 2014 instead.  This is a classic example of a dev creating a game without caring a whit about the quality or design, because they believe you are stupid and will buy it anyway, so why should they care.Don't fall for it."
76561198053313753,Not Recommended,255420,24298394,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Elmooo,"I've been waiting a long time before buying this game. As a former MtG player (two decades ago though) I was wondering how close to the real thing this game would actually be. And now I know...In fact, one of the main gripes I have is that it is exactly like the real thing. That is, you start out with a horribly crappy deck.  Back in the days I've spent way to much money building something better and I was hoping that this wouldn't be necessary in the online version. I know, I'm a naive muppet. Because wizards are all about making mo' money. The other option would be grinding and grinding aaanndd.... Normally I'm not afraid of grinding. I've played a MMORPG or two (or a ""few"" more). I'm actually a bit of a grind monkey. However the grind is exceptionally horrible in Dotp2015. Because you have such a crappy deck you will loose quite a lot. Your NPC opponents, while not all extremely powerful, will at least have a deck that functions. The ones that are strong are pretty much unbeatable at the start.Does it stop there? Afraid not. The UI, oh the UI. It must have been designed by an elderly primate with bad eyesight (and I feel I'm being exceptionally nice for calling you primate instead of a monkey, buddy). Everything takes AGES. You have to scroll through the menu as if you're a console hobbit. Ingame everything is amazingly slow as well. I would hate to see a powerpoint made by these designers. The card floats in, then it has to turn, then it has to glow a bit, then it has to pop in a swirley, then it has to look around the room if anyone needs a hug. It has time bars to let you wait a bit even if no move would be possible at all. Boy did I need a hug...To be honest. I never reached the multiplayer part of the game as I would want to build at least a semi-ok deck to start with. The deck building option was actually why I did pick up this game. But it's quite hard building a decent deck without decent cards. So do I recommend this game? Well maybe if your goal is to buy the wizard a new yacht or when you are completely braindead already and use it as therapy to keep you off the street. For all the other good folks, let's just stay away from this product shall we?"
,Recommended,255420,15346795,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Hafglop,"This game made the understanding of Magic: The Gathering so much easier! but if you seek the best Duels of the Planeswalkers game, go to Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014"
76561198119658434,Recommended,255420,15648243,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheAlphaAlfalfa,"I actually find this game to be a great edition to the Magic computer games. Being able to build your own deck is easily the best part of the game, although the starter decks they give you are absolutely horrible compared to the starting AI decks. Do yourself a favor and pick the red/black combo at the beginning of the game, then grind out cards exploring planes after you beat the first plane to get cards to build a deck of a color you actually want. The game has yet to freeze on me, but I have been playing on a gaming desktop so that might be why. I briefly played on my laptop (stock) and it was slow but it worked okay. I don't know why this game has been getting so much hate honestly, I find it much more enjoyable than magic 2014. One potentially negative aspect is the lack of 2-headed giant, but at the same time I also don't careso....yeah?This game is very well priced at $10; you can unlock all of the cards just by playing the game. As far as the interface of the game goes, I don't really see it as a problem if you play using a mouse. When I used my laptop the touchscreen didn't handle it nearly as well, but at the same time I'm not a gamer so I can complain about having to take a few extra seconds to access a video game: If I want to play, I'll endure five extra seconds of scrolling.Bottom line: If you like Magic, and you want to build your own decks, this is easily the way to go. If you're a nancy boy (or a girl named Nancy), I suggest you knock it off and buy this game anyways."
,Recommended,255420,15045947,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,[ΩMEGA]Ticket2Death,"Ok. After 226 hours of playing this game i think its time to write a review. This game is good in some ways and bad in others.THE REAL PROBLEM with this game is that it doesnt have many gameplay mods. for example 2HG. I LOVED playing 2v2. It was one of my favourite mods. And they just took it away from the game without caring about the people that loved it or for those who were just playing it for this particular mod or others.THE REAL CON is that you FINALLY can construct your own decks. Putting in any colours you like, creating your own combos and unique ideas. That and one more thing is what kept me into the game. The other factor that made me play this game for so many hours are the new cards that were added and keep being added to the game.Now i want to say something to the company that made this game.1) Keep adding cards in this game.2) In the next magic game KEEP the abillity and the freedom of constructing your own deck.3) In the next magic game PUT MANY MODS and new cards and make a better ui u can rise the prise a little bit but many will buy it and you will keep the players IN the game.I am going to recomend this game. Only to the players that like 1v1 and prefer to play as a lone wolf. I am not one myself   But i still liked the game even if i am realy disapointed about the lack of mods."
,Recommended,255420,14730755,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Senya211,"Насчет Magic 2015 много негативных отзывов, но так как не играл в предыдущие, да и впервые узнал и опробовал имено её, то скажу, что очень даже неплохо, увлекательно и затягивает. Иногда поиграться вполне достаточно..."
76561197972251991,Recommended,255420,14077142,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,shrike9,"I try not to give meaningless reviews, so I put some time in the game before deciding to recommend it. Perspective: I have played the original Magic game in the 90's, and I did get the 2012 edition of the game. I do not play IRL Magic.Pros: 1) DECK BUILDING! I despised that I could not actually craft a meaningful deck in any of the prior games like 2012.2) Multiplayer seems relatively stable in 1v1 duels, which is what I usually play online.3) The AI is reasonablystrong, although it does get a bit predictable with extended playing.4) I am disappointed that WOC seems far more interested in their pocketbook than customers' enjoyment. The  pandering to buy DLC is rather demoralizing. The good news here is that if you just PLAY THE GAME through,  and are willing to go win a few duels online, you can get all of the cards that are available in the DLC for free.Cons: 1) The fact that some of the higher end decks you fight in the single player mode have cards that you are not  allowed access to again speaks to the fact that the game is more about filling WOC's pocket than providing an experience that is as good as playing the IRL card game. That said, I still feel it was worth the $10 or so I spent on the game and the expasion. It would be nice if these cards were added to the player pool at some point.2) Again, you (don't) get what you (don't) pay for: the single player game is bereft of almost all semblances of a  single player game: animations, cut scenes, etc. There may be a total of 25 seconds of unique graphics in the entire base game, including the intro animation. The original 90's game had a significantly better developed plot and GUI for travelling and having random encounters/duels.3) Others have complained that the multiplayer lacks certain 3- and 4-player options that were present  previously. I cannot comment on this, but you can read others' reviews for the details.In short, the game is not perfect, but few games are. I find it a good way to blow off some steam playing online 1v1 or vs. the AI, but it is not a game you will spend 100 hours or 100 dollars on. Get it for cheap on sale, and enjoy what is there."
76561198009389596,Recommended,255420,15408753,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Doctor Kumquat,"For all of its flaws, I still think DotP 2015 is a great game.It doesn't have many of the features that the previous editions of the franchise did (2HG, Archenemy, etc.), and it doesn't have quite as much laser-focus on the decks it includes; you can build a green ramp deck, for example, but it won't go quite as big and bold as the Eldrazi-spamming equivalents in DotP 2012-2014. That said, if you're willing to experiment, the card collection on tap allows for many flexible and entertaining archetypes, and offers some of the first real support for 3+ color decks (your decks can include all of the Ravnica dual lands, as well as the cycles of Alara and Tarkir tri-lands). If you like building decks, this has a pretty interesting metagame, and you can now unlock all of the cards just through play (no more irritating pay-walls for the premium cards). If you like Magic, give it a shot - it's only $10."
,Not Recommended,255420,12746285,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Alright Sally,"Nothing new, boring duels, predictable AI THAT CHEATS!"
76561197964110177,Not Recommended,255420,11444747,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Little Bobby Tables,"pay to win, lacks the game modes of previous version. Why pay more for less? Go with Hearthstone or other free CCG's. Do Not Buy"
76561197987997914,Not Recommended,255420,11587222,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lord Barqua,"I should have payed attention the the reviews for this here on Steam. Everything that everyone is saying is true. I will admit, the game is polished and fun to play until you realize that none of the cards provided to you can contribute to any good strategies. Unless you shell out the extra dough for more cards, you will probably only ever get through the campaign with sheer luck. I feel like this game was deliberately designed to anger people to the point of spending more money on it. I wouldn't mind spending a few bucks more on it, but 2 bucks for a booster of ten digital cards and I don't even know what is going to be in it!? Do yourself a favor and spend your money on something else because this is a complete waste even for 10 dollars."
76561197976493056,Not Recommended,255420,11314479,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,TangoXrayNiner,"This game is beautiful, well crafted and absolute crap when you try multiplayer.I spent the 10 bucks thinking, hey not a bad investment in a game that should be fun.  Went pretty far in the campaign and then decided lets go do some multiplayer.First match.  Guy takes out one creature, which then searches his deck and takes out two more creatures, who are now all on the board and untapped.  He kills me in two turns.Next game, player pulls out a special card after a few turns.  Then attacks with her creatures, some sort of tokens appear and wham all her 1/1 creatures now become 6/6 creatures...kills me in two turns.Get the idea?There is no room for new people in this game at all.  Theres a complete lack of matchmaking of any sort of fair or fun or equal terms.  People who bought all the cards and have made there perfect decks will destroy you in a few turns.I say stay away from this game unless your already a Magic expert and or want/can pay for all the decks so you can build your little master deck to pwn all us noobs.Good job community.  Seems like yall dont want new players."
,Not Recommended,255420,11297310,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Bright Light In The Nights Sight,Without twin headed giant I just can't in good faith recommend this game.
76561197974935573,Not Recommended,255420,11297431,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,NipZ,No!
76561198015862465,Not Recommended,255420,11289194,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,GhosTrooper,"Sadly is worst Duels of Planeswalker game i've seen. Can they make even worse interface? I doubt it, if you take card with your mouse, there is no step back.Microtransactions everywhere, this is not game you bought, just a trial to try it.Please do not spent your money and your time playing pirated version."
76561198027957018,Not Recommended,255420,14643106,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,magic_gamer,"If you want to play Duels of the Planeswalkers then I recommend you buy the 2014 version with all the DLC, it was so much better. The UI is  really bad. The card selection is really really limited, which results in decks that just don't feel cohesive or fun. Overall kind of boring."
,Not Recommended,255420,17232910,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ShokeR,Magic 2014 is far better than this.
,Not Recommended,255420,13785486,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,spikesmaster,"Just for the worst interface I´ve ever seen in a videogame (is completely designed to be used on a tablet pc), this game deserves a negative review, sadly, this game has also a bad matchmaking system (like the previous releases) forcing you to make several tries until you finally start a multiplayer game.In the good side this game gives you (finally) freedom to make you own deck from a pull of cards that is allways insuficient but at least is better than previous edition.The deck editor is quite bad and doesen´t let you even look for a specific card forcing you to scroll all the way though all your cards having only filters by colour or rarity.Overall this game is as average as any other duels, but with better deck customization. Just the interface that is designed to be used only and Only though a tablet pc or touch screen makes the experience quite bad if you are using your mouse to navigate.Is very frustating because you see that it would be so easy to make a simple list selection menu to go though the options JUST LIKE THE PREVIOUS VERSION is like they don´t even care, it takes just 2 minutes to make a simple list menu without this stupid wating times (usually takes 2-3 secons while you see all the icons going thorugh the screen until you can start selecting you option)Please guys, give me a better interface (with better I mean a PC interface), I will give you a positive review."
76561198127444637,Not Recommended,255420,12800175,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Bruce Blingsteen,I have been a faithful magic player for over twenty years. I started playing the digital magic games about 5 years ago. I have had a great time with them. But this game was a flop. No 2hg was a grave mistake. Very dissapointed. I hope today's expansion makes up for the lousy game.
,Not Recommended,255420,13780560,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,エリック,"i'm going to try to give you my honest opinion with this game. like an actual review instead of just blah blah 0/10 etc.i'll preface this by saying that i hope someone at WOTC sees this, and does something to make the game better. i have been playing live, in-person table top magic since the ice age block. i still have boxes of cards, and i have modernized some of my decks even recently. i have a tattoo on my arm from a piece of artwork printed in wizard magazine issue #2. i'm pretty much a lifer. i love magic, wish i had more people to play with in person, and i settled on this as opposed to buying magic online.so you might wonder, why do i not recommend this game? the list is pretty long, so i'll try to break it down into various different aspects so as to properly describe why this is not something you should consider buying outside of a steam sale.#1 - the card collectionthis is pretty much the deal breaker for me. they included some of the cards from DOTP 2014, but not many, and not the best ones. yet the cards are all from the same blocks as before: ravnica, etc. to further that point, most of those cards you see from 2014, the computer AI has access to, but you don't. that means that the cards are actually there in game, they are just excluded for use as players. what's really bothersome about that is if you have the dlc, you get to play a few hands against the computer with his deck, which is stocked with legit dual lands (bayou) that you can never unlock to use in a custom deck.so, as an example of some of the better cards they left out from 2014, here's a small list:living deathvictimizedemon of death's gatelord of the voidharvester of soulsexhumeputrid impand this is just from the black pool. it's just as bad for the other colors.the amount of multi-colored gold cards is extremely lacking, where in 2014 you had some pretty awesome gold cards like wrexial, the risen deep and and perplex - just to name a couple in the blue/black variety. there were a lot more gold cards in general in 2014.there are essential staple cards for the constructed blocks that 2015 incorporates, that are completely missing and it is really frustrating, especially considering they gave us a reasonably functional deck editor.#2 - menusi swear i spend about 1/3 of my time in this game just navigating the awful menu system. it's clearly designed for a touch screen device ie tablet or what have you, and it's slower than old people ♥♥♥♥. that's putting it nicely. i have a pretty decent machine and just navating through the separate sub menus trying to progress through the campain was a chore. back and forth between a match and the deck editor, and every time have to cycle through the same ridiculous animations.dear WOTC, we want to play cards. you could have the most minimal and boring menu system ever created, so long as you give us a functional playing area and game mechanics, with a robust card pool and deck editing features.i know that art is a big part of your thing, and you want to promote that artwork. find a better way to do it than with crappy animations via menu systems.#3 - multiplayerfirstly, no 2 headed giant. ♥♥♥♥ing shame on you guys for taking that away from us.your game is less than 2gb installed, you recycled all of the audio from previous generations of the game, as well as a majority of the animations during actual game play.the fact alone that wasn't included, when it was pretty much the staple feature of previous generations of DOTP, is mind boggling.you should be including MORE game modes, not less. back when i was younger and frequented the area tournaments, sealed deck play was all the rage, but you had other game variants too: 2 headed giant, ""emporer"" games (3v3, 2 emporers 4 generals), type 1. type 1.5, type 2, ice age block, mirage block, exodus block, urza's block, etc.these are features you should be putting in your games.now multiplayer is completely limited to free for all and duels. yawn.beyond that, because of the way that battle boosters are unlocked if you bought the dlc and not the booster packs, you have to win multiplayer games in order to unlock those cards. you will find people who join your game, find that you are about to win, and then they just afk. won't accept defeat and get onto another match, nope. gotta waste your time.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.#4 - pricethis is sort of the make or break deal on the game right? what's it worth? well, full disclosure i got it on the steam winter sale with the dlc for $7.50.i got some hours logged, alot of it frustratingly. i have some alright decks. i like the ones i have in 2014 better though.if you were going to buy a magic game, looking for legit deck building and multiplayer, i think the only way to go at this point is magic online. it's $10 for the program, and you have to actually buy and build your decks via microtransactions. here's a link to a deck i lined up for it, and the converted cost to build this deck was about ~$20.http://deckstats.net/decks/21017/122359-black-blue-reanimator/eni would recommend spending your money there as opposed to here. you'll find a much more fulfilling gaming experience for your money.4/10 regret buying in current stateif WOTC updates via dlc a larger card pool and multiplayer modes, my rating may increase."
76561198086330684,Not Recommended,255420,13822639,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Baalphegor,"As an avid fan of M:TG, I love this game. But I simply can't recommend it unless you're like myself - nowhere near a card shop and/or have no friends to play it with. Allow me to clarify - the game /works/. You play cards and they do things. You can make your own decks from a library of existing cards (a big step over the last few versions of Duels of the Planeswalkers). Everything is functional... But the variety feels lacking. With the Garruk's Revenge expansion, this has been remedied to an extent, seriously switching up the experience. Maybe if they keep releasing expansions in a timely fashion and they contain interesting cards to make more and more interesting and viable decks, you should pick it up (probably during a Steam sale).Time of writing this, I believe I have just under 30 hours in Duels 2015. I played 2013 and 2014 for ~150 hours a piece. For some reason this version feels... Less. Not sure how to quantify that."
,Not Recommended,255420,13823169,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wraith,"I've purchased all of the Planeswalkers games each year and I've enjoyed them all. They've each had some positives and negatives, but by and large, they've been quite enjoyable and have improved each year. With that in mind, I picked this up over the winter sale, but was curious why so many people were slamming it. I figured it couldn't be all that bad, since people just like to whine. Boy was I wrong.THIS GAME IS A STEAMING PILE OF ****!Where to start...- Half the game modes are missing from previous years- The revamped interface is butt ugly and unwieldy to navigate- Automatic mana tap selection is HORRIBLE (I lost several games because it tapped the wrong color...yes, I know this can be manually selected, but it worked fine in the previous games 99% of the time)- You get to ""pick"" a starting deck based on a vague deck description and no way of seeing what's in it and oh yeah, surprise...you're stuck with it unless you want to pay to unlock another one or reroll your playerI could go on, but I won't. I feel ripped off for buying this, even at half price. If you want to play Magic, do yourself a favor and go buy any one of the previous years and avoid this one like the plague that it is."
76561198121695495,Not Recommended,255420,13823855,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sam Ze Muss,"For some people this game maybe repeditive and boring. However for the hardcore magic lovers who visit fnm regularly, well... you will still need to grind through the game. Often with the only thing keeping you going is the sight of the goblin tribal deck or unlocking kozilek, butcher of truth.I understand the hate at wotc for their 'Ideas' (every deck box ever made by wotc)I will allways defend magic the gathering against scrutiny, however wotc is a different story. Think abut this when deciding to buy the game or review the game.THX 4 READING."
76561198036160314,Not Recommended,255420,21740900,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Red Wine,"What the hell happened??? Was a great game the last few years but this one blows. They tried to reinvent the game without success, Clunky interface and just sucks."
76561198085469762,Not Recommended,255420,11443770,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,JaceBorellen,"The game is fun to play because it's Magic, and Magic itself is a very good game.If you have a previous version of this game, buying the 2015 doesn't worth.Building your own deck is very fun and enjoyable, you lose sometimes until make the deck idea work, but IT's how Magic works!The worst idea they had for this version: Premmium Boosters (makes Duels of Planeswalker have no reason to exist)To build your deck you have some cards you can collect in the campain, but THE cards, the ones that make different deck ideas work you can only get if you buy the Premmium Boosters (paying of couse!), this makes many players use the same cards in the multiplayer, and it's annoying.For example in my deck i'm using a six mana burn card that inflicts 5 damage because i simply don't have better direct damage option! (makes me miss the lava axe)It's a shame the amount of bad reviews, the programmers of the game deserves more than that, the desingners deserves more than that, all the team that worked in the game deserve more than that, Magic deserves more than that...The bad work was done by the financial team, almost ever they mess up the games we like... when will they learn that ""happy gamers"" = ""cash in long term""?But I will try to fix something (that obviously they will not do):Create a DLC with two or more planes (or regions of planes, whatever) to unlock ALL the cards (and give it for free for anyone that bought premmium boosters), this would take this game from the worst reviews to the best reviews and DoPW 2015 would be the best Magic casual game ever."
76561198055159731,Not Recommended,255420,15936216,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Falling323,"Difficult to win online if you don't buy the card packs up front. Grinding to get free card packs is boring and frustrating. mana flooding and mana screws happen more than in real life by a large margin even with good land spell balance. The format for the actual game is terrible; the menus are clunky, requiring a click just to see the next option on the list. This game is terrible whether you're new to Magic or a veteran player. All around awful buy, you'd get more enjoyment out of lighting the ten dollars on fire."
76561197976866607,Not Recommended,255420,11332044,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Tristan,"Nice implementation of deck building, which give you a bit of the feeling playing MTG. But negative aspects like missing multiplayer types, which have been introduced at MDotP 2012, 2013 and 2014, and pay-to-win, trying to lure out the money with ""premium booster packs"", are a huge letdown. Tablet orientation also sucks whlie playing at the pc."
76561198018393442,Not Recommended,255420,11355704,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dragman,"The terrible microtransaction system this game has in place ruins what would be a fun game.  Unlike the past duels of the Plansewalkers games, right off the bat at the end of the tutorial (that the game forces you to finish to progress through the campiagn), everyone who already put money into buying the game is on uneven footing.  This is because once you beat the tutorial, you get a single ""premium"" booster pack.  In order to get a premium booster pack after that, you must purchase them for the small fee of $2.  Well those $2 purchases add up and after youve spent around $30, youll be able to have every card in the premium booster set.  What makes things worse is that the cards in the premium set are all amazing.  The developers purposely put some of the best cards to build decks around into the booster set that you have to purchase after already buying the game!  So in order to fully compete or even to have fun against the other players in multiplayer, you HAVE to spend that extra $30 to get the cards you need since, chances are, youll run into a bunch of people who have already paid the extra $30 or so to beat on people who dont want to pay to unlock mandatory content in a game theyve already purchased.  Maybe in the future theyll fix this issue with the dlc, but until they abolish the premium booster pack model, this game is broken and not worth its $10 price tag plus whatever the dlc will be.This is the perfect example of a pay to win game model.  Stay away unless you are willing to throw an extra $30 down the drain to be able to have a fair match with other players in multiplayer.  If you really have an itch to plays a duels of the planeswalkers game, go buy the 2012, 2013, or 2014 versions."
,Not Recommended,255420,11355226,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,bambi,"mirco-transactionsreally weak mystics (other than brimaz)poor ui (If I want to deck build I'll play cockatrice)poor formating (giving deck building in general was a bad idea)Awful card selectionPoor hardware:-game crashs often-have to turn off anti-virus software to run itmulti-player is basically pay to winno broken♥♥♥♥♥♥cards as a one of (e.g. snapecaster, titans, dark confidant, still no freaking planeswalkers!!)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11411285,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,AncestralRecall,"A total dissapointment.The custom deck build is fun, but it comes with tons of bad news. Interface slow as hell, horrible starting decks, pay per win, premiun cards only buying boosters. No more 2v2 mode, the best mode in this game for years.I really dont understand, with all the money WotC make, can make a decent game over the years."
76561198059033749,Not Recommended,255420,11414419,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kreuzzügler,"There is no way I would recommend this game.  First off they cheated me out of the purchase price as it did NOT come with EVERY CARD as stated in their ad.  The changes to it also make it horrendous to play.  I just can't say enough bad things about the ""update"" from MAgic2014.  I'm going back in time and will still with 2014.  At least it's playable."
,Not Recommended,255420,11399474,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gazgutz,"So... Quick and Dirty.Pros:-Customizable Decks. It's your deck, you unlocked the cards. Go nuts.Cons:-Interface OBVIOUSLY designed for tablets/touchscreens. Akward and unresponsive.-Short campaign, and then? multiplayer is all there is.On the subject of the premium packs? Well, lotta overreacting IMO. After looking at them, not a single one of the cards felt neccesary. Would I like them? Sure. Do I overly care? Not in the slightest. Yea, I ended up with 2 packs (one for preorder, one for owning 2014). Only really use a couple of the uncommons i got (paragons) because... well, why not. I got 'em!Basically, fun for the deck building, but the cutting of so many other features (2HG, or any other variant of the game) renders it into nothing but a weakend experience over any of the previous years. damnable shame."
76561198137714319,Recommended,255420,13289984,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,RonJohn90,"Okay, here's how I see it. Many people are peeved that this games is either ""too hard for them"" or they are simply not happy with the mechanics of the game or they claim that it doesn't have enough cards. I see it like this. TRY LOOKING AT WHAT HAS BEEN RELEASED FOR THE ACTUAL 2015 TCG AND THEN MAKE YOUR JUDGEMENT!!! The game has almost every card for the 2015 pack. It does take a little bit to get started, I admit. I actually liked the challenge presented to me for creating new and diverse decks. The game play could use a little tweaking, as I have found a few deviations from the rules that I find only mildly annoying. As far as an over-all review goes: I love the game. My suggestion is this: Make your own deck! Figure out what style works best for you and go with that. Expand on it. Optimize it. And when you get to the point that you get tired of your current deck, build another one and start cleaning house with that. This is a TCG-based game, it's not Borderlands, Mass Effect, or ES: Skyrim. It's not made to be a vast adventure that you embark on to rid the world of all evil in a 3-D setting with a diverse character set, customizable characters, and graphics that will blow your mind. It's A TCG-based game. Simple, with a basic story line in which the fate of the multiverse relies on your cards. Simple, fun, and concise."
,Not Recommended,255420,11347833,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Lord Dcee,"I loved 2014, it was a fun game, well designed. 2015 is more than a step back, it's a full kilometer walk back from where it was last year. The user interface alone is enough to drive you mad. There is NO WAY to easilly navigate around the different menus. You'll find yourself clicking 3 to 6 times on tiles to do what you want to do. You'll wait for animations to play before being able to click. You'll multiclick on buttons thinking the first click did not work. You'll curse your mouse when all of a sudden, the wheel stops working for navigating around, only to come back later, at a random time.As for the content of the game, many people have pointed it, lots of being stuck with a single deck at the start of the game, and the disapearance of hot seat 2 headed giant are a bad way to upgrade a game...I'm honestly quite sad with that game, and a bit sorry I can't get a reimbursment..."
,Not Recommended,255420,14099806,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vaedron,"Three words: no local co-op. It's been in the other games, why take it out? Some of us DO still play with friends on the couch. Save your money and buy ANY of the other Magic games, Magic: Online is probably the best. This game is garbage, physical common cards are more fun to play with than this atrocity to the franchise."
76561197975419922,Not Recommended,255420,16746122,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Mruuster,"Being a long-time Magic player since 1993, I love DOTP 2013 and 2014. I got 2015 during the summer sale when it was cheap, but even then I should have listened to the warnings, because this really is as bad as it gets. Unlike in 13 and 14, you cannot unlock other decks and only have access to some cards by actually BUYIng them, totally contradicting the reason why people played DOTP because they didn´t want to BUY new cards as in other implementations of the game, like Magic Online or even ye olde real version. The graphic interface looks like it´s been done by tablet programmers, it really is that awful. Swiper, no swiping."
76561197982683104,Not Recommended,255420,13427701,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,wanglyih,"Great content, dissapointing implementation.I Hope that one day instead of issuing the same thing with different name every year, the developer would make 1 good game with yearly sets of cards.Pros:+ great cards+ full deck customization, lots of possible deck builds and strategies (as opposed to 2014)+ found some really good players with interesting deck ideasInterface is annoying, but can be lived with.Cons:- there is no automatic matchmaking, just random lobby joining with ready buttons. There is no real ladder, tournaments, multiplayer mode and ranking does not encourage you to play.- land draw and card draw probability seems a bit unreal compared to same deck composition with real cards.- some players can grief by being afk in lobby or ingame, or crashing the game to force you to leave"
76561198045006413,Not Recommended,255420,13244153,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Serpheos,"This game is TERRIBLY dissapointing. The 2014 version is better in almost every way. Here is a few of the things that annoy me the most:1. You HAVE to pay quite a lot of money to get all premium cards. There is no way to get it by playing the game like in 2014.2. They removed Two Headed Giant (playing 2v2). One of the strongest game modes from previous versions.3. Menues are way too slow and annoying to navigate. They are clearly designed for tablets but will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, playing on PC.4. Unlocking all cards (excluding premium cards), is way to fast and easy. Can probably be done in like 20 hours or less. In 2014 I have 246 hours played and I have yet to unlock all cards for all decks (probably about 70% there).I would NOT recommend this game. Game developers have gone way too greedy, demanding extra cash for you to really enjoy the game. I'm hoping for something a lot better in 2016.- Serph"
,Recommended,255420,14335688,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,planeswalker matt,love this game lol
76561198043784173,Not Recommended,255420,11949086,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,spherical,"""terrible installation of magic, linear control options for both video and audio settings, why must it always be on top. terrible program. the 1st part of the game is forced campaign, not enjoyable, after which the game snowballs into simple-town becoming scalingly easier at which point..."" i dont understand how to unlcok more cards or any reason to continue playing if i cant unlock anymore cards. the campaign told me i have unlocked all cards in campaign i dont gain cards for winning multiplayer it seems. waste of money leave the m.t.g. franchise play anything else please if you do nothing else the internet ever tells you."
,Not Recommended,255420,11853481,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Raven,"The 'Duels of the Planeswalkers' series of games have been declining in quality in recent years, andMagic 2015is no exception.While the out-of-game interface looks pretty at first glance, it is considerably clunky to handle. The transitionshaveto finish before you can click on anything else, making navigating just the introductory cutscenes tiresome, let alone the rest of the menus.Players of the 'Duels' series have asked for complete freedom in their deck-building many times over the years. WithMagic 2015, they get it. But nothing else. A lot has been cut out of the core Duels experience in favour of the deck-building system: the long-time favourite Two-Headed Giant gametype; a second gametype (Duels 2012 had Archenemy, D13 Planechase, and D14 Sealed Deck [does that count?]); and challenge scenarios where you have a single turn to win the game using the cards given to you.Although most of the time, the single-player campaign feels like a set of challenge decks. As I've played Magic for almost a decade now, I naturally setMagic 2015's difficulty to the highest possible... boy, was that a mistake. The AI makes perfect draws and plays, to the point where I get the feeling their decks are just plain stacked. Even on the lower difficulties, some campaign matches played out the exact same way each time I faced them.It's enough of a challenge just getting started in the campaign: you choose a two-colour deck with which to begin, but you don't know what'sinthe deck until you're playing it. I ended up with the green-white build, and only because it actually won me the last tutorial game. My preferred choices of white-blue and blue-green didn't stand up to the red-green stompfest that you have to beat to get started on the story proper.I cannot recommendMagic 2015under any circumstance.Postscript: If you are looking for an MtG game on Steam, Duels 2012 remains the best of the series, as I see it. Closely followed by D13 (marred only by its focus on single-colour decks instead of a balance of one, two and three-colour)."
76561198077821715,Not Recommended,255420,11871596,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Magnalis,2/5 stars.
76561197962426624,Recommended,255420,13369025,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Humstuck,"I have played this game enough by now to feel comfortable to do a review. I hope so anyway.In fact, I completed almost everything except collecting the last set of cards.Pros : great introduction to magic, cheap price if you buy the base game only, deck building tool, online play is fun.Cons : starting decks are weak, buying packs was too expensive and got corrected not long ago, multplayer is 1v1 only.This game is mostly done for new players because the game phases are very clear and (after some patching) the mana tap is handled pretty good by the computer itself.I like the Deck building tool but we are quite limited. We don't have access to any complete set which is alright I guess for a small game, but it would be awesome if it was available.The deck building tool is ok but it would be nicer if you could draw hands to see how reliable those starting hands are.Online play is fun but they removed the 2v2 mode and maybe some more. I have never been a huge multiplayer guy but 1v1 only is boring quite fast and now it is the only way to get the premium set as far as I know. Before you could buy the premium boosters at 2$ each which imo was too much for a game that is not related to MTGO at all.I wish this game was linked to MTGO in some way because it would incite players to try the ""real"" thing.The starting deck in  this game are very weak. You can complete the game by adding the cards you unlock over time but it will take a while at first. If you are good, obviously it will be easier and you will know what to change but imo this game is not realy the best thing for experienced players since it is too limited. Its fun, but its not enough for them. With that idea in mind, those starting decks are too weak and boring for a new player to realy get hooked.Well that's pretty much it ... I will just add a part for Wizzard of the Coast in general here ...They should realy start thinking smarter about their licences. Imo having to buy your cards in real life and then buy them again on MTGO is pure greed. Sure, they need to make money but this has stopped me at least twice from trying MTGO. I spend a lot of money on real magic cards ... I wish I could have a big discount (not free) by entering some code on MTGO and get the cards I just bought. Anyway ... maybe some day. They also need to make their MTGO client better. Its slow right now (beta one I tried a month ago)"
76561198054064208,Not Recommended,255420,13272732,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Daggerdan78,"Its a reasonably good interpretation of Magic The Gathering with the exception that the AI draw better than bloody miracle workers, making them very difficult to beat, whereas you draw like a normal person and get screwed."
76561198112287764,Recommended,255420,13469236,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ragleif,"I understand why folks who bought the early version feel ripped off, but there's no real credit to their reviews at this more advanced stage of the game's life. I have MTG15 over several platforms, and found Steam THE worst by far. It is better played offline for example, no more crashing. Best played windowed, no more PC meltdown. Once you get past the moronic tutorial the game is a joy to play. They removed a few features that will likely make a comeback, but I feel that players will look back on the whole MTG15 experience and view it as troublesome but worth it. This is a brilliant game that has been very very poorly delivered through Steam. (Don't pay to unlock card content. What kind of moron does that?)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11758446,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pot8o,"Horrible, HORRIBLE!I actually spent 30 Euro on the Premium version, only to find myself in possibly the worst rip off ever made.You are being forced through an endless Tutorial with 6 Stages. Afterwards, you find that the Game lets you only play 1 Pre Built Deck for 1/4 of the Campaign. Not only are The Standard Decks all Bi-Coloured, but the card selection iv vastly limited and you cannot win a single Multiplayer Game before Investing another 16 Bucks into so called ""Premium Boosters"".Oh right. THEY REMOVED TWO HEADED GIANT!!!0/10, would never buy again!Go Play Magic 2014 if you actually want to enjoy a nice game of Magic."
,Not Recommended,255420,11777503,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,RumZ1337,You want me to pay for how much extra stuff? What happened to all the charm of the previous iterations? This game has become a money grab and this years promo didn't even scratch the surface of the great Ooze giveaway of Magic 2014.
76561198005733817,Not Recommended,255420,11764730,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Headart,Meh not as good as hearth stone.
76561197987703777,Not Recommended,255420,11770107,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TomSelleck,"If you pay for the game, you can unlock MOST of the cards.  Not all, you have to pay more to get the ""good"" cards that are available.  I for one do not like getting strung along for more and more money.  If I pay for the game I expect to be able to be able to have access to all cards eventually.  This was highly dissapointing.  Oh yea and no Two headed giant mode...probably waiting until an expansion to make you pay more."
76561198072118777,Not Recommended,255420,11779999,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MrFuckinSunshine,I've enjoyed all the past DotP games but the UI on this one feels clumsy like it was designed with tablets and consoles in mind first and foremost.
76561197992916745,Not Recommended,255420,11767180,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Cordova,"Worst installment of the series. I did the pre-order so I would have everything unlocked and ready to go. The opponents are lamer than ever, puzzley gimmick encounters are not fun and not what MTG is about. Building your own deck is the right idea, too bad the assortment of cards sucks. And somehow, the game engine is pathetic.A real shame, I used to get so excited when the DotP games came out, but this is just a sad effort."
76561198089131125,Recommended,255420,13755824,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,i_dislike_e_mail,"So yeah. I like MTG. I like this new incarnation of MTG. I like the way they have made it a little easier to build decks in this installment, most of it is accessable via gameplay, some is not. In the modern world of gaming this is quite acceptable (it seems). I miss planechase and two headed giant, but for the money the game is pretty good. I've played about 35 or so hours and have yet to even start the multiplayer aspect, (this includes the dlc expansion thingie).Yes. Things are missing. Some of my favorite cards are not included, and they could probably do with more duel-type cards, but it has the feel of a really nice draft session between a couple of guys with two booster boxes between them.I've even modified some of my cardboard cards to suit the deck scheme (4 Common, 3 Uncommon, 2 Rare & 1 Mythic per card type).At the end of the day it is up to you to buy this or not, that is the beauty of freedom of choice, however this is a wonderfully bug-free game that works and you can spend many hours playing.Unlike a lot of games it is quite enjoyable to get the achievements, titles and personas. Most can be gained by playing whatever decks you feel like, others need to have decks built around them. Like all 'Achievements' they are vapid pats on the back, but hey... Who doesn't want one of them once in a while?The most annoying aspect of this game is that it takes a rather agravating second and a half to load after you click start because of the whooshing fog noise. Gaah! Darn you wooshy fog!Right. I'll wander off now. Cheerio!"
76561198007813517,Recommended,255420,13224584,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,NinjaJesusClone,"Overall, this is a good game. True, the interface needs some work as it is slower and clunkier than its predecessors, but there are a lot of good things about it too, and it has the potential to become the best in this great series of games with some patches and additional DLC.I have played all of the MTG games to date, and loved them all. As you can see from other reviews, this one is not nearly as polished. The interface is slower to respond, sometimes causing you to miss crucial opportunities to cast instants and activate abilities, and it can be a little awkward and frustrating to operate. It feels like they rushed an unfinished game out before it was due in order to meet the annual release that we have come to expect.That said, I still recommend the game to both new MTG players and seasoned veterans because of the things that are done right.Most notably, there is now the ability to design your own deck from scratch. Finally! What's more, they've added a deck building AI so that it is not overwhelming to new players that works quite well. You can choose one or two cards that you like, and then click ""auto-complete"" and it will fill in the rest in a way that seeks to compliment what you chose, or you can flesh out most of the deck and see what suggestions the AI offers to improve your build.Some people are frustrated with the start of the game where you can choose only one deck with only a vague description, and then unlock more cards as you grind through the campaign. I actually enjoyed it, and I think it, like the deck building AI, is targeted towards getting new players into the game. You unlock cards at a reasonable pace, and by the end of the campaign, I had slowly but completely transformed my deck, such that I was even using a different color scheme, so I don't see why picking just one deck at the start has upset so many people.More cards and more content will be coming. The first expansion added a lot and I am sure there will be many more. I bought the complete edition from the start so I don't need to pay each expansion as it comes out, and I am satisfied with that. Some people said that by buying the complete edition you miss out on content because you don't have to play to unlock everything, but that is just not true. You still have to play all the way through, including exploring each plane completely, to unlock cards. The only way around that is to specifically buy the Battle Boosters DLC which just unlocks the cards you would get by battling. Anyone who says you have to pay to have equivalent cards to other players is just plain wrong.All in all, if you want a perfectly polished MTG game right now, you'll have to buy last years edition. If you want to build your own deck, buy this one. The interface problems are managable, albeit occasionally frustrating, and they are not bad enough to outweigh just how much fun the game is now that deck construction is possible."
76561198016210620,Not Recommended,255420,14138790,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,.950 UncleChop,This game sux.0/10I played it for an hour and now im going to delete it and demand a refund.  Just for refefence I have been playing magic since 1996 (19 years) so its not a matter of skill the game is simply not fair.
,Recommended,255420,13401783,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Spearmint,"I do suggest reading the justifably negative comments here before my opinion. As someone who is essentially new to MtG, I wouldn't be too familiar of how the game stacks up against earlier DotP versions (not well). Nonetheless, I must say I've enjoyed the game so far, based on a newcomer's experience.There isn't much of a story structure (which I believe has always been the case since the dawn of MtG), but I felt compelled enough to prod through the missions. Admittedly, the game feels quite quite short, so it wouldn't be too long before you focus just on grinding, multiplayer or achievements. Speaking of grinding, I didn't mind it too much; it doesn't take too long to complete your collection. This is why I don't really consider it p2w if you decide to simply buy the collection (which defeats the purpose of enjoying the game, but w/e).The card pool is quite limited though; you'll also be seeing cards that campaign duelists have cards that you won't be getting. As a note, there's no replay value for facing these campaign duelists (which is kinda dumb, as some of them have interesting decks).The tutorial is decent, but not perfect; Google became my friend for even certain basic mechanics. Oh, and I highly suggest not choosing the black/blue deck to start with; AFAIK, it's impossible being the first boss with it, save maybe a hosed situation (try white/red instead). I was kinda annoyed the deck was saved over from the demo, and even more annoyed I had to restart the game (which can't be done through the menu nor re-installation; you need to go into your game folder and remove a particular file).Despite all this, I still suggest this game & the expansion DLC, especially when it goes on sale."
76561197972344803,Not Recommended,255420,11285775,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Juno,Wizards of the coast.... are you serious?
76561197960567285,Not Recommended,255420,11313834,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,bobdoletha1,"This year's offering is terribad. If you want a more polished game, try last year's offering.My big complaints:1) no fun modes - 2014 had puzzles, challenges, 2hg, ffa/duel, planechase, archenemy. 2015 has ffa/duel - zzzzzzz.2) the upgraded purchase claims to unlock all ""innistrad"", ""shandalar"", ""ravnica"", etc ""SETS"" - this is a lie. It is refering to a small sampling of the cards from those planes that you would unlock by playing in those planes, NOT THE FULL SETS by the same name - ie innistrad was a full-sized magic release of 249 cards. The upgraded offering in this game gets you a small sampling from the innistrad block(which included three sets), and very few of them are fun/powerful cards that would actually be worth using from those sets.3) interface is horrid. It takes multiple clicks and each click has a stupid fade-out animation that delays menu interaction by seconds each click.I want a refund."
,Recommended,255420,12618460,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,THE_T_V1RUS,"Pros:-Fully custom deck building!-Logged 17.6 hours with no lag or glitches during gameplay-Can choose what mana to tap when playing cards-I can still win even though I don't own all the premium cardsCons:-No 2 headed giant-Premium boosters cost money-Unlocking all non premium cards is time consuming, I payed for them to save time-No puzzle challengesSure it is missing lots of features, but the fully custom deck building makes up for it. I can finally play the game EXACTLY how I want to and I never know what I will be up against. It's finally the way magic is meant to be played. No more memorizing the decks and knowing what to expect as soon as you figure out what deck your oponent is playing with. Maybe we can see some of these missing features in next years game. It's hard to except these micro transactions and missing features, but in the end, the game is still fun a fairly priced.I recommend this game"
,Recommended,255420,13803724,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,web_tracer,"Good ol' MTG DP. It's probably the best part of the series with an excellent balance of decks, and a nice option for those who are just learning how to play Magic: The Gathering.As usual, an epic soundtrack perfectly captures the feeling of magical adventure and tough action.9/10"
76561198031581832,Recommended,255420,13246401,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,James666,This is a great game and if you do not mind going through and playing the story then you will not need any dlcs. If you just wanna play online then you would probably prefer atleast getting a frew dlcs to get a head start but all dlcs are unlockable in game.
76561197999322622,Recommended,255420,16744847,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,doctaBernau,"This is defnitely the most complete digital ""MAGIC"" experience on the market by now. Born in 1982, to me this is pretty much like a boys dream of a digital MAGIC game without paying a lot of cash to it came true.What makes this really different from previous versions of dotp is, that here, you really get deck building from scratch:  build your deck from your cardpool (382cards) and win games to expand your pool - like in real magic. This is fun! You get a nice overall magic metagame with a lot of beautiful cards from some real magic editions like innistrad and alara. The metagame is exciting and there are a lot of nice decks arround, different and not too strong archetypes.There are, however, somme issues that could have been made better and definitly shoud be improved in future versions. The menue is a little annoying and its incredibly stupid, that in multiplayer there is no option to just win the game after your opponent concedes - instead you will have to play every game to the end versus the A.I.I personally am not sure why the community disliked this game so much, to me it has a lot to offer, as for example it provides you with fresh booster for every multiplayer game won.After 50-60 hours of gaming i played free all cards. The field of decks facing you (""metagame"") varies from fast goblin decks to slow control builds, i have seen pretty much everything arround. Its quite a good idea to make playsets of only 1 or 2 or 3 cards each instead of 4 for very strong cards, by that theres no archetype dominating too much.Alltogehter, a nice magic experience and a good development into the right direction.If wizards keeps the good work and maybe can bring in new editions into the cardpool to keep the metagame interesting - that would be it and i would, as many others, gladly pay some bucks for it.Oh hey ..and its (of course) extremly addictive!"
76561198027571242,Not Recommended,255420,17901331,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Vain2010,Not recomending this game. the DLC card packs are useless and misleading happily taking money for next to nothing.
76561198013307359,Not Recommended,255420,18852509,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Syntur,"Was great until I attempted to get extra cards. Apparently to get cards from a set you have already beaten you need to choose ""explore"". This has you fight certain ""boss"" type decks with every win giving you more random cards to use. All of this I'm currently fine with but apparently if you loose to one of these decks you cannot proceede to fight other random decks until that one is killed. For the First part of the campaign I am stuck on a boss Liliana which I litterally cannot beat as the cards in that boss deck are insanely superior to any that I have RANDOMLY aquired.The starter decks have almost no synergy and seem to have almost random cards just based on the color scheme that the developers chose. As well good luck trying out another color deck as you only get the completly random cards from the booster packs for beating the campaign and the explore option. So I""m now almost required to use the starter deck with a few extra cards I got or use a complete random bunch of other colored cards just to attempt something different."
,Not Recommended,255420,16459945,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ScarToxic,"Ladies and Gentlemen,Much has been made about this game's apparent step backward, about the developer's cash hungry tactics in its attempt to further monitize their game, about the non-intuitive menus, and about the sluggish performance both online and off.I am not here to talk about any of that.  That's not why I just shut off the game I paid heroic American dollars for, nor is it why I almost exploded my nervous system in my frantic rush to the store page to leave this review.This review serves as a monument to the single worst tutorial I have ever experienced in my entire life.  If you bought this game with the purpose of playing the campaign mode, be prepared to be spoon-fed Magic the Gathering by what sounds like a member of the local rotary club.It's like being taught to play Dungeons and Dragons one paragraph at a time by Frances McDormand, and she won't start speaking until you say, ""Next!""I seriously cannot explain the hatred I have for this tutorial with weak human words.  This is the Jar-Jar Binks of tutorials.  It may have ruined this and the next two games for me.  By the light of the silvery moon, who in the world thought this was a good idea.  I have had viruses more pleasant than this.  Why no option to skip it?  Did you think that you would be robbing us of hearing the dulcet tones of the soccer-est of moms while she reguritates one pre digested morsel of Magic at a time into our waiting beaks?I am going to walk away, perhaps shower, and think about utilizing Steam's revamped refund policy.  I dread going back to this game because of that woman and her mocking, patronizing tutilage.Do better next time, Stainless, and may God have mercy on your souls.I thank you for your time."
76561198006643219,Not Recommended,255420,12177664,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,spambox9,"Bad interface, small number of cards, bad multiplayer matchmaking, that connects you with same idling people everytime, boring  single player mode. Comparing to previous versions - especially first one, you can say that playing M:tG on PC was never so boring before.  However, if you like M:tG, you still can consider it, because of quite low price. Choice is yours.Edit: Nah, I didn't change my opinion. Just want te get a badge for it :P"
76561198082431888,Not Recommended,255420,12367835,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zack,"Painfull slow menus, even slower when using Cross-Fire Setup, awfull performance, no usuability whatsover on the menus (where is the retry option for On-line Play?, change deck between matches) No 2 head Giants (one of the best modes in the game), Slow grinding to get new cards, and incomplete options for deck building, best cards on freemium model wich is a big issue since the game is paid. Don't buy until fixed (if its going to be fixed at all)"
,Not Recommended,255420,12372572,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Pennywise,"Its okay, lack of 2hg hurts it alot and the card pool is a bit limited, but the most hilarious part is we are finally given fully customizable deck building, (kinda), and every nerd just netdecks the same seance deck and red aggro decks and you still end up playing the same couple decks over and over because people have no originality or brains of their own."
76561198014533263,Not Recommended,255420,12068323,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Deftera,"2 bucks for a booster pack, 5 bucks for EACH ""planes"" set. 20 bucks to unlock all non-premium non-planes cards -_-.VERY limited decks. It's annoying to see the NPC opponnents use decks that aren't even available to players in the game. The cards that are available to players is very limited.Unlocking cards WITHOUT paying takes quite a long time as the only way to get booster packs is to beat opponents in the campaign mode, either through the story or through explore. It can take quite awhile, I'm at 40 hours played and I've unlocked 33% of the cards.  The game sure loves to give me multiples of cards I never use or that are just bum cards.Yes, you can create a fair amount of decks but they more or less feel very much the same. Style of gameplay feels limited because of this.I would say I got my 10 bucks though but if you're looking for longevitiy in a magic series, 2015 is NOT the route to go.I wish I got one of the earlier series as they seem to have far more gameplay options and deck building options :-\"
76561198060240176,Recommended,255420,12073066,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ROGamingRyan,"We did a review on this game, with Rogue Ocean Gaming.  Please subscribe if you like the videos!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjvR-wVA6mQ&index=5&list=UUlgcOD8bFbPO5kcE-OZKCwQ"
76561198001528227,Not Recommended,255420,12163613,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Karadjordje,"Where to start... Even though I cherish the idea of building my own decks, this version does it from scratch, and now I miss the previous opportunity to amend the pre-made decks. Those were at least more fun to start playing with. In this version, you play dumb decks for quite a long time, while unlocking ""boosters"". The money grabbing idea to pay for the ""fat packs"" is insulting.Most disappointing points of this game:1. Deck building & cards that are available for the first X hours of game (I never thought I would say this for MTG)2. Horrible multiplayer lobby2.a. Kicks us both out after each game, so we have to send invites again2.b. Private button hidden, see above2.c. I cannot change decks from within the lobby2.d. Voice get interrupted while loading screens (as it was in 2013, at least this was fixed in 2014)3. Silly moving battlefield when changing to the combat phase (I want to play quickly, and the cards keep sliding under my pointer)4. Is known to hang (MP).I am sorry, but this looks very amateurish as if it was purposefully made to annoy and complicate, and slow the gameplay. I am hugely disappointed. I think this will be the last MTG Duels game that I will purchase."
,Recommended,255420,12088529,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,clowch,"Most of the people who are giving this game bad reviews just dont actually play Magic: the Gathering. This is by far the best DOTP they have released. In the old games, you were given pre constructed decks. In this game you win booster packs and can make ANYTHING you want. It is much more fun to build your own decks and then win with them. The only thing this game is missing is 2 headed giant. If they bring that back it is a 10/10 for the money."
76561197965885189,Not Recommended,255420,12236533,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ravagex21,"This game was designed for the tablet first of all. It is no wonder why the PC menu screens are horrendous. Click the continue button (over and over again) and wait out the damn fog special effect before the next screen. I'll admit that my complaints are hardly worth mentioning, but you know what is? WHERE THE HELL IS TWO-HEADED GIANT MODE?!Waste of money..DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!"
76561198060490440,Recommended,255420,21754286,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Severin,I recommend this game simply for the value.  You can easily get 100+ hours of gameplay for a small investment.  It also scratches the itch of playing Magic even if you can't get your friends together.
76561198121423699,Recommended,255420,13464334,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ethereal being,It's OK
,Recommended,255420,11406951,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,CinderellaMan,"Magic 2015 is a whole new ball of wax.  The developers have decided to take a completely different approach to the interface, campaign, and deck acquisition... so much so that for many of us die hard fans the changes were rather jarring.  Just take a look at the majority of the reviews, all being negative.  I would assert that if you played through the campaign on easy, which is a wise choice for most, you would get a lot more enjoyment out of this installation.I say this because you start the game with an extremely weak deck and very few options to change it.  You are at the mercy of the game and it is definitely hard to be successful.  What makes it even more challenging is that to progress effectively you have to know how to build & tweak a deck.  Having that skill is typical for tabletop players but not so for computer players, who have been content working with the strong pre-made content up until this year.  Now you get a crappy deck and are forced to turn it into gold with very little instruction on how to do so, and no alternative course.Combine this with a horrible user interface, obviously created for tablets and you have a recipe for angry gamers.  Some design choices are baffling, like not begin able to scroll through cards while zoomed.  The menus are very slow and frustrating to navigate.Well, after playing through most of the campaign I can say it does get much better eventually.  By the third stage you have unlocked a ton of good cards, including many multi-color and land gates.  You can easily create some very good decks to meet the challenge of the remainder of the campaign.  The deck building tools unlock after the first stage and are very good.  The basic gameplay during a match is for the most part the same as previous versions.I am a bit miffed that multiplayer includes free for all only.  THERE IS NO TWO HEADED GIANT!  This seems like a major oversight as everyone I talk to plays that mode.Overall I can't recommend this game to a newcomer to Magic, but for an existing fan I would say hang in there and get to stage 3 before you give up on it.  I find that I am learning a lot about deck building and will be a better player for it.6/10."
,Not Recommended,255420,11288811,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,spitfire,"they did something good but then so much that was so, so wrong.they finaly added a deck builder function but then removed 2HD and in its place added microtransactions, amazing trade......"
,Not Recommended,255420,11298052,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,N30C,Campain is broken no ♥♥♥♥ing way to unlock new cards before it puts you up against a brick ♥♥♥♥ing wall worst magic game yet
,Not Recommended,255420,11301606,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jocke Kofot,"No 2headed gigant, permimum p2w cards... waht is this nonsense?going back to DotP 2014."
76561198032583096,Not Recommended,255420,11302255,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Andonalis,Despite selecting Alot when asked how much i have played still have to sit through tutorial. hopefully a patch will fix it
76561198082958913,Not Recommended,255420,11304995,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,unevenpolecat,"Don't buy, the game gives you one very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ deck and you have to buy booster packs to make it somewhat better, you will be suprised how much you will be using poor cards out of boosters you would never used anywhere else to make your deck somewhat usable. Oh and the end boss has only rares, legends, and premo uncommons, you are expected to beat this boss with your crap deck, realisticly you are meant to buy many boosters until your deack is not♥♥♥♥♥♥and can manage to beat the boss both times."
76561197970508568,Not Recommended,255420,11306610,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,kixelsid,"I love Magic, I hate this game.PROS:++++Full custimization of decks++Clean tableCONS:-------SLOW menus------Your starting deck is god awful, to the point where you can't play certain colors without spending more $$--AI still needs work, to make things harder the computer just starts with things in play"
76561198098419939,Not Recommended,255420,11306845,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,acekiller926,"I found out this game has no 2HG in the worst kind of way, I played all of the 1player mode to unlock all of the cards I could, and then I find out, by trying the Multiplayer after unlocking all the cards, to make myself competitive, but then the truth came out, I just felt aweful to have put so much time into the game, and wish i could get my $10 back."
76561197993863393,Not Recommended,255420,11310040,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mediorca,"There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said. Menus are insanely designed, difficulty is absurdly high, and the pay-to-win factor is rubbed in your face from the second you open the game. A huge step back from the already mediocre Magic 2014."
,Not Recommended,255420,11310740,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dante,Paid for the game and the 20$ special edition bundle and it gave me the game and the ability to unlock new cards. I wanted to get the game and the bonus cards I bought the wrong thing. They won't refund me the money so I can buy the proper 35$ package. The description on steam is just aweful. PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,255420,11310992,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sinyr,"We finally got a full deckbuilder, which is pretty good considering the very limited amount of cards you can use. You can most likely make more than 10 unique decks which is more than what you get in previous games, but the power level is lower and the decks play out more like draft decks, which some may or may not like. I liked the campaign, because all enemies use real decks which are different from each other and the story was okay. Few of the duels did have some special conditions, but the duels for the most part played like the standard duels and less like challenges which I liked, but it's just a matter of preference. The UI looks nice...... but it's very hard to use. Navigation through the menus is slow, and it feels like it was made with only the touch interface in mind. There is no 2HG, but what's worse is that there's no other special mode neither, like Planechase or Archenemy. A lot of the cards that enemies use are not available to the players which is a shame since in some cases giving just one of those cards to the players would open an entirely new deck possibility. The premium cards are day one DLC and make game 4 times as expensive than before if you want to use all the deck types and stay competitive in multiplayer, basically making the game pay-to-win.If you like Magic, 10 euros will at least get you about 8 hours of campaign play. But if you already own some of the previous games, there are not enough differences to justify the purchase. Addition of the premium cards and the removal of fun multiplayer modes actually makes this game worse than before. But even if you do get the game I would advise you not to buy the premium cards, to show the developers that we are against that kind of a paywall, and hopefully they will fix their mistakes in the next installment."
76561197984724432,Not Recommended,255420,11312909,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ZipView,Boring
,Not Recommended,255420,11313826,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,uh oh,"Magic 2015 doesn't disappoint as severely as Magic 2014 did last summer, but the new installment's design makes up for it by finding newer, more overt methods of exhausting the player's patience in hopes of generating a $5-$25 DLC sale.- Too grindy for a title with a price tag.- Slowest menu transitions I've ever seen.- Gametypes from previous installments have not returned.- Can't switch decks during campaign, unlike previous installments.- Player vs Player matches feel pay-to-win because of weak starter decks + unlock grind vs $25 set unlocks.Do not buy unless you're ok with purchasing a storefront disguised as an incomplete game.I'm a long time magic player, but Magic 2014/2015 have made me resentful of the whole Magic Brand. Great job WotC/SSG."
,Not Recommended,255420,11314484,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,sayamilkyz,"a step backwards from Magic 2014. with no 2 headed dragon mode it really defeats the purpose of buying this game. Worst thing is no mention of its exclusion was said in the trailers or previews. It really feels like a con-job.The whole ""premium"" boosters make this game feel like a money sucking ploy. If u wanted to spend real money you would play the digital online version and not this game. I have been purchasing this game since the 2012 version and this is the worst one.A real disappointment and let down from the previous version. If 2016 continues in this flow, i will not be purchasing this game ever again."
76561198072656044,Not Recommended,255420,11320472,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,lobou12,"I really hoped there would be all the cards from Theos, Ravnica, Inistrad etc. Unfortunately, it would seem only a few selected cards are available. I wanted to rebuild my deck and test it in-game but thats not possible. I only recomend this game if your new to magic and want to learn to play. Otherwise I guess it can help you refresh your memory with the rules."
76561198044422776,Not Recommended,255420,11321631,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Yue,"The 2014 version is less greedy, I mean that its fun to play with your friends and so because you can win cards and also have better variety of multiplayer gameplay. This one you dont want to play it a lot without spending money or just repeat the campaing over and over again which is not THAT fun (sad face).More multiplaye roptions and the chance to earn boosters outside the campaign and store, would be way nicer."
,Not Recommended,255420,11296796,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,trance,"I feel compelled to write a lengthy, scathing review of this game, but the game itself does not even deserve the time it would take to do so. Just don't buy this game, unless you're completely new to Magic and the Duels series.If you're a loyal Duels player like me, do whatever you have to in order to resist the temptation. Stick to your preferred, earlier iteration because -- and this is no exaggeration -- whatever it is you liked about that game, you won't find in Magic 2015. If you're a fan of Magic 2012, 2013 or even 2014, do yourself a favor and stick to one of those games for another year."
76561197999423205,Not Recommended,255420,31990493,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,"Yuck, cruddy DLC and terrible support for this."
76561197964748308,Not Recommended,255420,11288376,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MooCow?,Fails to load pass the start screen.
,Not Recommended,255420,11288802,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Chief Blue Screen,"This game caters not to the new players nor the veterans. The difficulty in the beginning of the game is insane, and the older players like it less becuase they can't use the cards they know how to use best. Furthermore, nobody likes it when there is DLC that makes you more superior to everyone else online."
,Not Recommended,255420,11288900,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,||AoO|| Sheep_Are_A_Myth,To be honest I am actually kind of disappointed with Duels of the Plainswalkers 2015. The removal of Sealed and Two Headed Giant really makes multiplayer a bore and they bind you to one color scheme throughout most of the game unless you are willing to put money into it. It seems like a very big step backwards from the last game.
76561198042363272,Not Recommended,255420,11297713,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Reichardt,"I will never, ever, purchase one of the Magic DotP games again. To date I have purchased them each year along with a number of deck unlocks. This years version is nothing but a disgusting money grab. They require you to pick a starting deck with little to no information, and place your pre-order perks behind the first campaign boss. The pre-order perks you have ALREADY paid for, mind you. No problem, you are likely thinking... Did I forget to mention the starter deck is full of crap commons while the bosses deck is full of removal, mana efficient fliers, and rares like Entreat the Angels?!?!? On top of that, you have to pay them for the ability to unlock collections. Not for cards, mind you, but for the mear ABILITY to buy packs from them containing cards from those sets. **Pay them... for the ability... to give them more money.** The people behind this game should be ashamed of themselves. Not only will I never recommend this game again, but I won't recommend anything using this IP."
76561197975503147,Not Recommended,255420,11301160,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Laserfrog,"I enjoy the Duels of the Planeswalkers games for what they are: digital alternatives to solitaire. As the official MTG Judge for my Local Game Store, I sometimes want to get away from the crazy worlds of standard, draft, and EDH to set sail to the magical christmasland that is DotP. It's quick, casual, and mildly entertaining. So, how does the newest installment measure up?My god this is awful.The game started right off on the wrong foot with its clunky options menu clearly designed with consoles in mind, low default resolution, and just about every unnecesary gameplay option defaulted to ""on"". After running through this foolishness, I then attempted to hop into a game, but DotP informed me that in order to play through the campaign, I must first complete the tutorial.Okay. Simple enough.Wait, did I say tutorial? I meant Tutorials. Plural. As in SIX of them.The tutorials are ridiculously hand-holdy even for beginners. The annoying lady-voice assumes that you have only heard of such ephemeral passing concepts as ""mana"" and ""attacking"" from some distant melody as if in a dre- GODDAMNIT STOP! I'm L1 for crissakes! How much more of this must I endure?!After you get past the tutorials and jump into the game, it doesn't get much better. Deck building has been introduced, but it is so fundamentally flawed that it astounds me how they could get such a thing so wrong. Remember Sealed Mode from 2014? It's basically that, but for the whole game.The main problem is that while the game will let you build a deck, it won't let you build a GOOD deck. The starter decks that you get in the beginning are absolute trash, and the ""Booster Packs"" that you get for defeating opponents aren't much better. To describe them, imagine all of the least playable commons and uncommons from Innistrad, Theros, Zendikar, Return to Ravnica, and the last four Core Sets. Well, that's pretty much what your pool is gonna look like after an hour or two of grinding each plane for boosters.On top of that, some of the selections for cards are just baffling. Black Spot removal at five mana? Every other DotP had it at two or three! Sorcery-speed unsummon and lightning bolt? Four to five mana for counterspells? Your only real option if you want to play any kind of reactive deck is to splash red for removal early on, but that gets derailed by the fact that every creature has a ridiculous amount of toughness for its curve (thanks Theros) and you won't get any boardwipes before the fourth plane unless you pull really REALLY lucky.But hey, is that what's bugging you? Luck got you down? Can't pull the cards you need? Well don't worry! The good ol' wizard on the coast has the solution!Just buy 'em! With real money!That's right ladies and gentlemen, Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015 has built-in Microtransactions for ingame boosters or card collections.(flips table)What else is wrong? Well for one, challenge mode is gone. The encounters have all been turned into regular opponents with randomized decks. All the old problems are still around: The AI that taps your lands for you and orders blockers for you is downright awful, AI in general is pretty lacking throughout, the game's difficulty is still completely artificial with the AI stacking your opponents' decks while making sure you always draw exactly what you don't need for the situation. At one point I actually caught the opponent playing a land without actually decreasing the number of cards in their hand. In paper Magic this wouldn't just be cheating, it would be physically impossible!The matches with random scrubs are mind-numbingly boring until you hit the boss for each plane, which each present so sharp a difficulty spike that you could equip it to an invisible stalker and knock off half your opponent's life with each hit. The encounter with Teysa Karlov, for example, damn near gave me an aneurism. The only way my deck could beat her was to restart the game until I got a Stormbreath Dragon in my hand, and half the time she would either (A) Kill me before I could cast it or (B) Make me discard it. On top of all of this, whether boring or difficult, NONE of the AI decks are fun to play against.Anything else? Hell, I dunno. Do you like the new borders? Not really? Well they're around. They even put the holofoils on all the rares. You know, in case someone tries to counterfeit these digital cards that don't even have collector numbers printed on them. And challenge mode is gone. I know I said that one already, but damn that one pisses me off!The hell with all this. I'm done. Don't buy DotP 2015. It's not even worth it for the paper promo (25 cent mythic for Xbox owners, 1 buck mythic for everyone else). Go play Cube or EDH with your friends at your local game store instead. And if you know anyone who microtransed for a booster pack in this game, slap the bejezus out of them."
,Not Recommended,255420,11302238,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mirie,"Do NOT buy this steaming piece of crap, Slow menus, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decks, quite a limited cardpool, and we still can not choose the mana we want to use for a spell,http://i.imgur.com/kpsBXSu.pngI DO NOT WANT TO TAP ONE GREEN, LET ME TAP 3 REDS PLEASE. woooooow, it's been what, 4 years? and they still haven't taken measures to fix this crap. this is the last Magic game i'll buy.This feels like a very VERY lazy port of a Tablet game."
,Not Recommended,255420,11303321,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"[A Review from an experienced MTG Player]So first off I'll sum it up for people that don't want to read the whole review, They stripped everything away from the game that you love in favour of deck building, campaign is unbalanced, the cards are cool but it's pretty much pay to win. don't waste your time, now on to the review.MTG 2015 has some very interesting and fun cards from the new core set, while you'll still get some of your old favorites you will see a lot of new cards that make you come up with combo's you would of never even dreamed about before and that is incredibly awesome..if you want to pay for them...but...the awesome new cards and the deck building are the ONLY good tings about this game.When i started playing the MTG games on steam i fell in love with them, 2013 was and still remains the king of these games on steam. which is kind of funny since it doesn't involve deck building. Why is this so? well i'll tell you. in MTG2015 they have taken pretty much everything you loved and tossed it aside.Those awesome Challenges? Gone. Really fun multiplayer modes? GONE! yeah that's right, no Planechase, Arch enemy and the big shocker, NO TWO HEADED GIANT, Multiplayer is just straight up Free For All, 1v1-1v1v1v1, No co-operative play to come up with awesome team strats and rule the board.Pay to Win, Since campaign is incredibly unbalanced (Most likely intentionally) you are pretty much forced to pay to unlock the cards, i know we have always been able to purchase cards for these games but back then you would pay for th ecards but still have to beat the boss that owned the deck in order to use it, the pre-made decks you had were awesome and really fun and you felt like you didn't even need to buy the decks but you did anyway just to show your support for a fun and anazing game.There are pre-mades here but you only have access to these pre-mades if you have unlocked every single card within that pre-made..so in other words, grind for hours on end to unlock boosters..or just simply buy the plane sets from the store, since the campaign is unbalanced (I'm talking the AI having the exact card it needs every time and pulling cards for it's a-hole that you can't even get in the game) Grinding for boosters is damn near impossible..so you do eventually just cave and buy plane sets just to beat the game, hence..pay to win.The single player is what you expect in terms of layout, have 4-5 fights against random decks leading up to the fight with a planeswalker and unlock yourself and achievement, that's the way it has always been (Though boss achievements seem to be broken right now and not unlocking for a lot of people, me included)What do you do when you beat single player? you head on over to multiplayer since challenge mode and the extended revenge campaigns are gone. so you hop in to multiplayer and get insanely bored within an hour or so because they removed all of the interesting and unique gametypes for standard FFA play.MTG2015 is a glorified Deck Building and Testing program for the new core set, the gameplay just isn't there anymore, it's pay to win and multiplayer get's boring as hell after an hour or so, Deck building is nice and they new cards are really interesting but these two things are pointless when you can't bring yoursel fto actually play the game, If you love maigc, you'll hate this game..if you've never played magic before then skip this one, pick up 2013, no custom decks but the gameplay is the best in the series."
,Not Recommended,255420,11304067,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,iPunchKittens,"The worst MTG game ever released. It gives you the option to change your deck only ONCE throughout the whole campaign, means you have to guess a decent deck between 20 decks or so without having a look at the cards first... the whole game looks like a pathetic attempt to grab people's money. Not to mention that 2 headed giant mode is not included here. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If MTG 2016 is gonna be the same I guess Wizards Of The Coast can just stop making videogames and focus on the real cards instead"
76561197972551173,Not Recommended,255420,11316059,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,GM_Logan,Microtransactions galore! No two-headed giant! Nuff said.
76561198030799069,Not Recommended,255420,11318662,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Zahiri,"This is the worst DCG variant of magic i have ever played. The UI is clunkey, slow, and overall game play seems sluggish when compare to all the past verisons of Dotp series. I have to say this is the last WOTC product i will purchase. This is nothing but a money grab to get people to purchase the in game booster packs. Dont bother with this title it is just horrible. Plenty of other DCG's and TCG's out there to spend your money and time on."
,Not Recommended,255420,11319232,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Visionary Man,"There is NO TWO HEADED GIANT. God damn you either Stainless or WOTC (whoever made this dumb decision)... taking out one of the most strategic game modes of a *strategy game* is a JOKE.They finally allowed you to build a custom deck and then took away the best part of the game.I feel cheated out of my money. I pre-ordered excitedly as I loved THG and had played the heck out of it in 2012, 13 and 14. Now I am wondering if I will ever give Magic any of my money ever again.:((((((((Also you spend all that money and you still have to spend more to get access to all the cards! This game is a really overt money grabbing effort and is disappointing as a result."
,Not Recommended,255420,11329256,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Fat Goat,nope
76561197973561538,Not Recommended,255420,11289070,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,WGF,"Half the price of the previous game for half the features and twice the stupidity. I really liked the previous installments but this one is really not worth $10. I would not even pay $5 for this, I would maybe buy it for $2.50 (it's MTG, after all) but the fact that they give us this thing and then paywall some of the content is a ♥♥♥♥ing insult. If hiring someone to do crappy CGI was so expensive they should have just done it all in MS paint. That would have been fine.Here's to more ""good"" game development:+You can get some sweet engine cards and combos for free, so the deckbuilding isn't completely stupid.+The campaign mode is slightly longer than previous installments.+The foils look nicer.+Completely free-mode deckbuilding. You can play any color you want, any number of lands you want, provided you stick to exactly 60 cards.-The AI is dumber than a rock. I might as well goldfish my decks.-You can get most of the cards for free, but the rest has to be purchased 1 booster at a time for $2 each, you can get all the ""Premium"" cards for around $20. $10 for this was already a waste so I'll let you do the math.-Basic deck-defining cards that would greatly enhance decks are behind the aforementioned paywall. The fact I should spend 2-20 bucks just to get one or two Think Twice is absurd. If they wanted to paywall stuff they could have done it for really miscellaneous cards, like Lab Maniac or Soul of Ravnica. That would have been fine.-The menus lag so hard it makes MTGO look good.-Unintuitive interface navigation.-Only FFA mode. Both DOTP 2013 and 2014 had 2HG and then another gamemode, but this one is just ""run your draft deck into mine and see what happens.""-Game locks up frequently, even on above-average computers like mine.If you bothered reading all this and still want to purchase this game I guess you really like MTG, at which point it's actually still a total waste of your money. Either way be my guest."
76561198044628182,Not Recommended,255420,11310426,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wires n' Pliers,"No 2HG, -one- deck to start (all the choices for which are essentially terrible), mindless hours of slogging through repetitive battles if you want more than that starting deck to play with, and the game is heavily micro-transaction based (I know they warn you with the tags, but it's -really- bad).Want to play MtG on the PC? Save yourself the time and headache and purchase DotP '14 - it wasn't perfect, but it was definitely much better than this."
,Not Recommended,255420,11313865,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AileStrike,"it's bad, card pool is bad, menus are a pain to navigate and have delay between switching, the basic decks are bad. the limitations on deckbuilding (1 of the same mythic, 2 of the same rare etc) is lame."
76561198006061996,Not Recommended,255420,11288711,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Noogai,"Great game really very few bugs, but STOP this... stop stop you need to BUY BOOSTER Packs to gain bettercards really.. Really Magic? Bad freakin' Idea. >;)"
,Not Recommended,255420,11294425,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Zyn,"This is the same game as the previous versions in terms of gameplay.  The only problem is, you're getting less and paying more (assuming you want all the cards)."
,Not Recommended,255420,11301588,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Aelexe,I wish I had of known this was P2W prior to purchasing it.
,Not Recommended,255420,11319421,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,rmz,"This is the first MTG game that I will not 100%. For me it is the worst installment in the series so far. To add a little background I started playing MTG late Ice Age, stopped somewhere around at 7th or 8th edition. Played all of the DotP. Yes, they were sometimes simplistic but for me they were also fun. Magic 2015 is not fun.If you play it mostly for multiplayer, then you can disregard most of my criticism as generally it's a little better overall. You can now build your own decks using the small collection of cards that is available, 300 or so. It's not full magic experience, but it's a good starter. The grinding for the cards takes forever tho (on easiest difficulty should take a day or two of heavy grinding) and you can't grind them all without paying as some are premium, only found in paid boosters. Basically it's better to just throw the additional 20 euro for boosters, yes in addition to the tenner you paid for the game.Anyhow, I play DotP mostly for single player, with some multi as an added bonus. And for single player this is horribad. The menus are atrocious. They look nice and all but I think I spent 20% of my playtime navigating through them. Scroll forward and click an option, and look what a nice animation we have scrolling the menu to show you what you need. Select another option and HEY look at the nice animation we have scrolling the menu to show you what you need. You want to quit? But why, at the meantime HEY LOOK AT THE... you get the idea. It's slow and clunky as hell.You think the starting decks in previous games were bad? Wait 'til you have to face full fledged reanimator deck with your pitiful starter deck. Let's see how your 3rd turn 1/1 can face the 4th turn flying trampling 9/9. Good luck! Needless to say playing the single player campaign is a chore. Grinding for more bad or mediocre cards to improve your pitiful deck is even more of a chore. It's just not fun...What's also not fun. Playing on the highest difficulty. As a seasoned MTG player I played all of the games on Planeswalker difficulty. Won most, lost some. This time around the only thing affected by the difficulty setting is how much lands you will draw. On Planeswalker you're mana screwed 80% of the time. Literally, in 8 of the 10 matches I played I had 2 lands in the first 15 cards, with 24 lands in deck. On the easiest difficulty the game basically plays itself as the AI opponent does pretty much nothing and you can goldfish.It's a damn pity that 2015 is as it is, I had solid 40-50hrs of fun with the previous installments, here after 10hrs I'm spent. Hopefully the 2016 version will be better."
76561198067922981,Not Recommended,255420,11294112,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Zoinks [I'm out of boost!],They somehow manage to make the game worse with each iteration.You only get 1 deck unless you buy more and the starting cards are terrible.Clunky menus make you want to quit before you even enter a duel.If you liked the previous Magic games there may be a few hours in this game but overall not worth the purchase.
76561198066519743,Not Recommended,255420,11294226,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Rodak,"SAVE YOUR MONEY!! I loves Magic but this game is NOT worth your time or money!Played DotP Magic 2014 and that was more worth your time I FEEL RIPPED OFF!! I got the Complete Bundle which was a waste but trust me It makes the game SUPER EASY! Green is over powered in this game and thats because the game has ""Imo"" the worst card collection yet!! I ALSO got $25.00 worth of Premium Booster packs just to expand the collection and AGAIN!! NOT WORTH IT!! (That will unlock all the extra cards btw, ya ALL of them!) I Feel so broken and robbed. :(I Do like some of the Improvements that others are talking about but the CORE GAME is a joke! again IMO..."
76561198075880554,Not Recommended,255420,11295480,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Yurt,"WOTC once again drops the ball in DOTP 2015. One of the few high points in 2015 is the $10 price tag but other than that this game has nothing going for it. An option to freely build a deck from your collection of cards is absent yet again and the decks provided amount to nothing more than intro decks. Also dissapointing are the card collection DLC packs, which are branded as card sets for the Ravnica, Theros, Innistrad, Shandalar, and Zendikar blocks yet only contain 45-50 cards from said block not the entire set.TL;DR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ money grab, no deck builder, no 2v2, no fun"
76561198036825049,Not Recommended,255420,11304315,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Berserkpirate,"It pains me to not reccomend this. It has so many pros, but even more cons. Which is sad, because I've been playing magic for well over 2 years now. I have 2013 on xbox and steam, 2014 on xbox and steam. If I remember right I've logged in 30 hours on each, I know their flaws YET they are still solid games.With this new edition you have the ability to create your own deck, that's fine and dandy. The problem is that one cannot create said deck until they beat innistrad and doing that is extremely hard. Even if you're a pretty good magic player you will struggle in innistrad. The reason why is because you have to use the dreader starter deck. Each starter deck comes with 2 rares, pretty sure no uncommons, and a whole bunch of jumbled up cards. Orginally I started out with the green white deck, DO NOT DO THIS! I've played populate decks, I've played mana manipulation decks, but not a slapped together green white deck.Now you're probably thinking, hehe I bought the bundle i should have everything. Wrong, you have to beat innistrad to fully unlock your dlc. So you too are stuck with the dreaded starter decks. Now nce you beat innistrad you'll probably notice something, there are a lot of good cards but not enough to run solid deck. Well I really shouldn't say that... you can make a solid deck, but you're limited to 300, different, cards in the game. So if let's say you wanna build a bloodrush deck, you really can't. Goblin? Kinda, lotta guttersnipes and decent cards for goblins. Now this lil paragraph is towards those who bought the bundle.Those who do not have the bundle will have to grind! And I mean grind, because you're stuck with the starter deck. The random boosters will, or may, help you improve it but it's going to be hard. The ""Boss"" of each area will give you 2 boosters and a premium booster. So those are always handy, but the starter decks need a lot of love. You can also play against friends to gain boosters! That is something my pals and I figured out last night.The game is, sorta, pay-to-win, though you still need decent knowledge on how to build a deck.The navigation of the menu is like watching a snail race, only for one snail to be taken by a hawk outta utter boredom.Instants, this is the one thing that REALLY ticks me off. Magic 2015 has a slower pace of gameplay when compared to the other installments. But if you're playing multiplayer, you may run into this problem. Constant clicking! the cards are kinda bugged to where you have to smash your hand into the monitor just to select it. Not only that, but it babies the hell outta things.Scenario:You have 2 instances in your hand, a shock and a card that gives you +1 and first strike. On your side of the field you have a 2/1. On your oppenent's field he has a 4/3 and declares an attack. Now you have the ability to destroy this, so you click shock... pop up comes up stating ""You cannot do this, your oppenent is making a choice."". Now you're mentally cursing the screen. So you declare a blocker and attempt to do this. You click continue then select your card there you are greeted with another pop up. ""Your opponent is declaring an attack"". Now you've probably just chucked your computer out the windowSo thanks to the second pop up, you woud've run out of time to select the two cards that would've destroyed the threat. This happens quite regularrly and the only way to prevent it is to spam the ""Stop time"" button. While in the other games you woulld have NEVER seen this.Gameplay wise... it's pretty solid, I won't lie I've had a lot of fun with it; so have my pals. But there is a lot of problems with this game. If you want to buy it, then go ahead. It's a good game, though you will get frustrated to the point to where you'll want to buy something to give you a small boost. Which is really sad... the other magic games gave you decent decks to play with. This one starts you out with a slapped together deck.The game is fairly new, and maybe they'll add more stuff to the game. Maybe new cards, patch the interface, or something. Till then, I'd wait at least a month before purchasing this game."
76561198047262918,Not Recommended,255420,11315069,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Simplicated,Crashes at startup. Please fix!
76561198049718160,Not Recommended,255420,11318793,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jared,Really... Really dont buy this.. This is just a spit in the face compared to the others. The only good thing is the costume deck constructions. But it's so bad...
,Not Recommended,255420,14156403,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Brandoooon,just no
76561198006839840,Not Recommended,255420,11378280,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Seth94,Everybody says this game is bad. Well I wouldn't know it crashes everytime I try to run it.
76561198009152657,Not Recommended,255420,12355810,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,deavonslatton,"If you like Magic, do not buy this trash game! It is a slap in the face to all levels of player!"
,Recommended,255420,12113159,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Zigeye,"Everyone seems to hate this game. But as a total rookie to magic, I quite enjoyed it. This game is ment for players who want to appreciate the mechanics of Magic, without pumping in hundreds or even thousands of dollars to deck build. While it is limited to only a percentage of the official 2015 Magic card line up, it is still a really cool way to appreciate one of the best modern game franchises ever created.PROS-This game makes you appreciate Magic. Stunning Graphics, with great visuals and easy to view card art. The controls are simple and easy to use. Plus the tutorial lets you jump right into the action.- Super smooth gameplay that actually works. You will have to make some setting adjustments from time to time, but once you uncheck the noob only settings, the game works great.- No issues playing people or AI. There's a stop timer when someone plays a crazy card that you'll want to read and the game gives you ample time to make decisions, without making you go nuts if someone is taking too long.- Great card collection, with 100% customizable decks. I read that in Magic 2014 you had to pay money to make more decks!?!?! That's just crazy. Making decks is the fun part, and you can have fun for just $10 up front costs, for sure.- All DLC is actually obtainable without any purchases. Just pay the $10 and you can grind your way to a 90% completed card collection. DON’T BUY THE DLC!- AI seems pretty smart, for the most part. If you don't play right, they will beat you.CONS- If you want to get a 100% card collection you will have to fork over an extra $28. A lot of people hate this, but I had plenty of fun for just the $10 up front. I decided to buy in after completing the game and wanting to compete online against other players for the long term. It's lame, but completely optional and only necessary if you want to compete more hardcore online.- Some AI opponents get pretty challenging and seem impossible to beat. They definitely cheat and get cards they need in their first few hands. You can combat this with “Exile from ratgets Library” cards a little, but it gets pretty frustrating at times.- The menu system is really dumb. It takes forever to switch to a different deck (too many clicks) and while it’s beautiful, I’d rather is just be efficient.- There are no instructions on how you get more cards. I completed the entire game not knowing that I could “Explore” planes to get additional boosters. They need to make this more clear IMO.- The Profile menu system is awkward too. You can click your icon to see messages, but it’s mostly full of stuff the game already told you, like and achievement you unlocked. One important note, is that if you DO win a multiplayer match, you get a booster full of random cards from all the planes, but you have to check on your profile, sift through all the unimportant messages to find the important booster pack one. Awkward to the max yo!"
,Not Recommended,255420,11363331,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The_Zooblord,Nope.
76561198063462707,Not Recommended,255420,12302305,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lucavi88,wont work
76561198037698069,Not Recommended,255420,13720579,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,AlliSunshieFan1,no two headed giant.  I honestly only liked the franchise for that reason.
76561198119206426,Recommended,255420,15068458,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ozziros85,"This is a good game, far from perfect, but good in the end. the single player campaign is ok, but i feel the AI is cheap sometimes pulling the right cards at the right moment, then again that might just be my perception. the fact that you need to collect the cards from all the blocks by dueling makes it interesting, at least for me, except for the multiplayer part, where people disconnect when they realize they are losing, denying you a battle booster, but that issue doesn't come from the game. the cards available are very limited compared to the real thing, but if you don't have a group to play the paper version i don't think you would mind that much. the deck editor is one of my favorite features, the filters help you out a lot.overall i'll give it a 5/10 and i would recommend you to buy it only if you don't don't have time, friends or money to play the real one(i lack the three of them, thats way i purchased it :P)."
76561197996968210,Recommended,255420,14962349,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,isiantos,"This version is alright. I really enjoy the deck building. The menus can be a bit incomprehensible at times, but the ability to just quick jump to campaign and deck builder is nice."
76561198015391076,Recommended,255420,15167815,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Vote1jimmy,"I dont see why people are hating on this game so much.  i have casualy finished and unlock all the cards in the last two weeks with only spending $10, the only in game purchases you HAVE to get to unlock all the cards are the DLC and the Alara collection, (not sure about the battle boosters though) but you can easy unlock all the card collection in the campain and couple matches with the (explore the chosen world feature).only thing i have problems with the game is that you cant restart/change after you picked you starter deck colours after the tutorial and that when  you select a card in you hand you cant out it back you HAVE to cast it unless the card has a target effect you can just select cancel, also the whole layout of the game is made for tablets."
,Not Recommended,255420,13680114,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Garmega,"Pay-to-win. That is the best way you can describe this game. The problem isn't that there are micro transactions, this is a card game afterall, it is that the game starts you out with a pretty bad deck and then expect you to play against decks that are more composed and have flat out better cards. There isn't really anyway to consistently get cards unless you pay for them.This is a much better looking game compared to previous iterations and the deck builder is a welcome addition. However, spending money on cards to play against AIs isn't really enticing. It would be extremely distateful if Hearthstone was AI online and it still had microtransactions. You might as well pay for cards on Magic: The Gaterhing Online. You can at least play against real people there and if you really wanted, eventually trade out sets of digital cards into paper cards.All in all, not recommended. Half the fun of Magic is playing with people which this game already lacks. The other half is deck building and collecting which it has, but is no use if no one else values a digital collection on a game that isn't multiplayer. It's like if there was a version of TF2 where hats added stats, hats cost money and the only way to really win was to buy a few hats. After that, you would just play against your AIs while everyone else was playing the real TF2 with friends and strangers. Not fun."
76561198038326530,Recommended,255420,15317802,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Balrog,"It's very difficult for me to give this a thumbs up, since it's a pretty shoddy system, but it's Magic, so it's very hard to screw it up. You have to grind a bit to unlock all the cards, but its not that bad, since you don't have to pay any actual money for them (unless you don't want to grind multiplayer to get all the premium cards, then you have the option to purchase them).At any rate, it's a better piece of software than MtGO, if only slightly. :P"
76561198055053939,Recommended,255420,15344571,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Inkvader,"Large list of cards available to build your deck from. The amount of viable decks that can be made give it more playability that it's predecessors. No two-headed giant game mode, but 4-player free-for-all is really fun."
76561198023971448,Not Recommended,255420,14929962,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Counter,11th Feb Udpate - Can't play.. 'Fatal Error' - No solution.  Riddled with Bugs.
,Recommended,255420,15146774,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Thirdman,"A great game with some potentials. Waiting for an update so you can play two headed giant. Until then, its nearly not as fun as 2014."
,Recommended,255420,14899817,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cthulhu,real good
76561198128393365,Recommended,255420,14967293,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Morgan Hearst,"As a long time MOTG player i would recommend this game for anyone who wants to start playing magic the gathering as cheaply as possible without having to worry about not having all the best cards from the full online game, you will be able to build as many decks as you can think of, you can jump into an online match anytime you want, the cards are beautifully rendered and some are animated, my only real issue with the game is if your opponent has alot of creatures on the battle field it can become difficult to assign blockers but other than that its a very polished game."
76561198134438898,Recommended,255420,15546598,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,crimsonshadow78,"I am thinking with the 3 months in a row, free card packs.  The company has made good faith in trying to repair its harm in the roll- out of this game.If there is a really good expansion and possibly an addition of several game features people missed this could be a great game.I already like being able to make my own decks much better than the previous renditions.  I just wish the number of available cards would increase a lot more."
,Not Recommended,255420,13715332,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,a lost swam appeared,"This review is conciders the expansion: Garruk's Revenge.---Got that for free, but wouldn’t buy it:Finally extends the card pool with the more interesting cards and thus it makes up for some of the mistakes made in this edition of DofP. If you desperately want to blow new life into the 2015 edition, than this expansion is for you. That does depend on much ""air"" you have left in your wallet to blow with, since the 10€ tag is fairly steep. I would personally not have purchased it, because the new content to price ration is just off. It adds one more plain and a few new cards and that wouldn’t be worth 10€ to me.Since everyone always likes the pro's/con's approach:+Adds just the right cards into the mix+Compensates for the earlier paywall. You can get stuff that was premium before by winning Multiplayer matches. ""Great"", you say? Enjoy them leaving before the match is over and getting nothing.(I have vague hope of this getting fixed).-Price/Content ratio doesn’t feel right to me-Have to farm to unlock what you paid for-Multiplayer doesn’t seem to be as active---This part reviews the orginial game:---I was overjoyed when this edition came out. Finally I'd be able to build my own decks and fight others. It seemed like an improvement, but eventually it wasn’t. The card pool was incredibly bland and you couldn’t really create any nice or fun decks that MTG is famous for.  On top of that the game seemed to hide behind a paywall, since it contained ""premium cards"" you had to buy to obtain. Now, I find it absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting that in a game you’ve bought you still have to purchase extra content. I paid for this game and I want to content I’ve paid for: end of story.Pros/Cons:+Build your own deck-Premium cards you need to buy-Farm to unlock cards-No additional game modes-Boring card pool to build from"
76561197972148322,Not Recommended,255420,13724205,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Qabbiqah,"I own all of the Magic the Gathering Duels of the Planeswalkers games on steam, it looks good, runs smooth, but when it resets your progress after completing the campaign and you lose all the cards, Wizards of the Coast says, ""Meh who cares? We have your money. Just do it all over again""...You will have to hack your game to get all of your cards back unless you want to spend dozens of MORE hours just to get back to where you were, meantime your friends still have their cards unlocked and you can's compete against them now.I won't be buying any more games in this franchise."
,Not Recommended,255420,14913344,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Griffith,All I wanted was two headed giant multiplayer game. All i got was a locked deck with a buggy interface.
76561198118884357,Recommended,255420,14941274,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chezlord,Love these games always great to see how the new cards work.
,Not Recommended,255420,12558784,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BeefUnicorn,Meh the interface is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ and when dueling and the opponent has too many creatures out it gets difficult to assign which creatures to block.I would give it maybe a 5-6/10
76561198027810966,Not Recommended,255420,14729548,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,skipholt,this could have been a great game but everything about it is so slow..
,Not Recommended,255420,11287202,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,gbraad,"If you have issues starting the game, you might have to change the value of [aa_mode] in config.cfg to be 0. The game didn't run with any other value, unlike Magic 2014 which worked well. Besides this, I haven't been able to play the game as much as I hoped but until now I am not really enjoying the single deck choice you have when the game starts. It makes for less strategic choices during the game... but it does make it more challenging (if not unnecessarily harder)."
76561198010245058,Not Recommended,255420,11342908,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Timberwolfz,"The game is in need of severe updates, the Premium booster packs give too much of an advantage, it turned multiplayer into a pay to win, anyone who says otherwise has not gone up agaisnt an full premium deck. This game is severly lacking in what the predesesors had accomplished."
76561198113610453,Not Recommended,255420,11279688,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Boop Beep,It's pay 2 win. Don't buy it. You'll be disappointed. :/
76561198049029106,Recommended,255420,13712434,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,cwan,"The game is fine as long as you don't set your expectations too high by making the assumption that this game will give the exact same experience as playing MtG in paper or online. The addition of deckbuilding is a welcome one. There are card number limits on rarity which don't exist in ""real Magic"", but it just adds another layer of complexity when planning decks, and limits their power - this game isn't meant for players to use decks that are too powerful. Nevertheless, a lot of different deck types are available (1,2 or 3 color decks are are viable) once you get the cards, and although you are stuck with one deck at the start, it doesn't take long to get the cards to change.Otherwise, the campaign is fun enough, and I like the clean interface. Given the price, I'd say it's worth it."
76561198043187956,Not Recommended,255420,25723848,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tergon07,"A fun game when it works, but the game's AI is almost unforgivably bad.  I understand this is meant to encourage multiplayer games between humans, but finding a fair and balanced game is just as difficult for a new player, and if a game is going to try to have a single-player version it needs to be more than the token effort this game has supplied.  The number of times the AI opponent clearly anticipates the cards in your hand that it's not supposed to know you have, or will obviously work together against you in Multi-AI Opponent games, will leave you tearing out your hair in frustration.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the game, and have fun playing it, but that's more from the simple enjoyment of M:tG itself.  Purely objectively looking at this game, it is riddled with flaws that in most other franchises would instantly see it uninstalled and never played again.  Buy it if you're a fan, enjoy it while you can, but don't buy this expecting a classic that will change your life."
76561198039255929,Not Recommended,255420,11288205,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,allanmvl,In few words...NO 2HG...SHAME!
,Not Recommended,255420,11322693,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Felix,"If you like Two-Headed Giant, (2v2) DO NOT buy this game. Two-Headed Giant is one of many features not included in this version. I only really enjoy playing this mode, so this game is worthless to me. I am completely disappointed that the developers have decided such a crucial part of the series is not important enough to include in the most recent game. But hey, you can now buy booster packs with real money and custom make decks. A portion of the cards in the game cannot be obtained in any other way. This series has taken such a lage step in a horrible direction. They should have started a new series. This is not the Duels of the Planewalkers that I used to know."
,Not Recommended,255420,11282594,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,dpk0316,"No 2 headed giant, an unresponsive menu, horrible design"
76561198068133001,Recommended,255420,29174228,Posted: 10 January,all,CPT. Jack Aubrey,"If you like magic, play this game.  You earn cards as you play.  Online is fun once you beat the campaign.  This will teach you how to play if you never have played before."
76561198031465119,Not Recommended,255420,22660818,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ækelsten (Ussel og Grim),"Not a good magic game. Get 2012, 2013 or 2014 if you want a fun magic experience."
76561198016801878,Not Recommended,255420,21329743,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Lažov Monstrum,"Here's the deal: I was actually looking to spend some money in game by buying boosters and such. The game will not allow it. Store is currently offline it says. Obviously the game does not let you spend more money since you've already thrown away some by buying it. And it looks like ""currently"" means forever, only sounds more mysterious..."
,Not Recommended,255420,11353010,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,"I feel like this game need to be fixed.The UI is so badly designed. It feels like it was made for iOS in mind. The colours and graphics are crisp and nice looking, I think its the best looking magic game by far. The Gind also takes away from the game, I feel like there is no flow, if you know game design you know about game ""flow"" and its missing it in spades here.As I said the game can be fixed, and I will continue to play it. But please....PLEASE, do MtG justice and fix this game.I will not recommend the game at this time. Your better of investing into HEX Shards of Fate"
,Recommended,255420,14574450,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Barayez,It's my first Magic game and it was so Great for me personaly.
76561198129722097,Recommended,255420,15126518,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Alichiman,"This is my frist review of my first Duel of the Planeswalker version as my first Steam game.  I was very reluctant to try it out after reading all of the negative feedback, however, I have been pleasantly suprised.  Granted I have only played for about 20 hrs and only done Campaign mode but so far I find the gameplay easy, the interface relatively smooth, and the experience enjoyable.  While the game is not as intuitive as I'd like and it would be great to have the full collection of cards...for the money, I think its worth it.As I mentioned, I'm new to Steam and to Duels but not to MtG.  I wasted $10 on way worse than this (Can you say Homelands?).  While it doesn't compare with real life or even MTGO, it is a fun, and inexpensive, alternative.  I suppose if I think of it in true game review terms, I can agree with a lot of the information provided in some of the other reviews (though it crashing has not occurred for me). BUT... If you are not hardcore into video games and don't want to spend hundreds (or thousands) of dollars rebuilding a digital collection of cards, this is a simple and fun alternative."
,Recommended,255420,12298667,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,no5f3r42,"Since the expansion the former ""premium booster"" are now ""battle booster"" which can be gained by winning online matches. So it´s not pay to win anymore. Also many of the bugs are gone due to patches. The card collection is still pretty small, but all in all i would recommend this game (mainly for fans of MTG) at its current state."
,Recommended,255420,13085834,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,deepvybes,"In terms of features, as everyone is saying this mode only has single player, 1v1, 3 and 4 players FFA.  You also cannot play multiplayer until you beat the first campaign boss.  It takes a little while to get to that point, you have about 6 missions in the tutorial that most players would already fully understand if you have played these games before.However the game itself is pretty flawless.  I had a crash playing a multiplayer once but after the win the booster was still awarded and could be unlocked after the match.  There are over 1,100 cards however I do reconmend buying the expansion.  for 5 more you get a whole new set of cards and a new group of guys to fight against which some interesting story to follow, as well as some op lands.It helped me build a powerful deck quicker than most people, but I can see why some people may find it difficult to advance even with it.  Overall the game is certainly worth if you're looking for a solo/single player experience in this genre."
76561198044654680,Recommended,255420,15590053,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,A Pale Horse,"This is the best version of DotP so far. If you have played the previous releases then you know what you are getting into for the most part.You can build your own 60 card decks from among the cards you unlock and play them in all game modes now. There are some formating restrictions that take some of the fun out of this. You can only have 1 of each Mythic, up to 2 of each rare, up to 3 of each uncommon, and a set of commons. I would have prefered to have the typical constructed rules apply to deck building.They watered down the single player experience some. There is still a campaign and practice matches, but no more Planechase or compareable mode like was in the previous releases.As far as multiplayer goes, Two Headed Dragon was removed from this version for some reason. Other than that, there is the vanilla 1 v 1, three for all, and four-way matches."
76561197983774241,Recommended,255420,14075174,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,kdagsjm,"I wanted to write this review because many of the reviews I read before buying Magic 2015 have not been updated since the change form preium boosters to battle boosters. You can now get all the cards in the game without buying premium boosters! See details here:http://toucharcade.com/2014/11/05/magic-2015-update-includes-pay-model-rework-and-garruks-revenge-expansion/I have also heard that many alternateive game modes have been removed but I never played much of those so that doesn't bother me.I mainly play Dotp because I dont want to spend any more tham I have on the real game and because I have noone near to play.That said, I've been having a ton of fun playing though the campaign and unlocking cards - I haven't played multiplayer yet. I've been playing on Archmage difficulty and itfeels pretty good - not too hard not too easy though it was more difficult starting out - not having many cards to customize my decks. Its a lot better now I've unlocked more cards. Be sure to unlock as many cards as you can in each ""Expleore"" area before moving on to the next to get some great cards for your decks. AI seems pretty good to me - and I've even seen them get mana screwed on Archmage so I feel like its pretty fair at the moment. You can make some really fun decks from these cards. beaing able to build a real deck form scratch in a DotP has improved the gameplay here 100%. It's like half the fun was missing in previous incarnations. If you enjoy building your own deck form scratch and trying new strategies then you owe it to yourself to try DotP 2015, unless of course you must have the alternate game modes that it is missing.The menus are also a pain to traverse but thats a small gripe."
,Recommended,255420,15679766,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,TangentDYN,A solid version of Duels... and far more deck customization options than in previous versions.  I am a fairly hardcore magic player and older versions of this game were basically unplayable to me.  This version is pretty much Magic Online light so if you are learning the game give or just want some cheap amusement give it a go.
76561198082444453,Recommended,255420,11442542,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Desperado,"Awesome game for those who are creative and devious enough to devise their own attack strategies.Tons of buggy issues that future patches need to resolve.Two headed giant forum from 2014 edition is sorely missed by those who play 2015.Gives you lots, but keeps you wanting more...good job marketing department, I hate you all."
76561198096117079,Recommended,255420,13549504,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SugarDarling,Fun game. Good time killer. Would recommend.
,Recommended,255420,13168135,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lasion,"So, bought the game on sale after they removed the paywall and I got the expansion in it. Having played DotP 2012, 2013, 2014 previously and a fair amount of magic cardgame I have caught both pros and cons of the game.All in all I'm gonna give this at thumbs up because totally i'd rate it about 60% score. There's plenty of things to work on, and I hope that they fix really essencial things like 2h giant and stuff like that, but atleast the game provided me with entertainment enough to enjoy it. I wouldn't pick it up for full price tho. Wait for a sale.PROS:Proper deckbuildingThere is a fair amount of cards to choose from (alltho as a sesoned player I could easily wish for more)the storyline and video cutscenes are pretty goodit is extremely friendly to new players and explains things wellAI can be goodCONS:AI can be terribad.no scenario-modes that would make you really have to understand how magic worked in order to beat the encounter instead of hoping for RNGjesus to help you out.no 2h giant mode (that has been present in all previous games)no ""funmode"" (aka archnemesis or planechase which we had in 2012 and 2013)the multiplayer lobby system is horrendous. You cannot pick\swap decks in the lobby, you have to exit to main screen,select decks, find the deck you want to use, equip it, go back, to main menu, and then back to host a new multiplayer game.after you have completed a multiplayer game, it does not return to lobby but to multiplayer screen, so you have to host a new game for each time.the user interface is absolute horrible if you (like me) are playing it from a PC. It is so blatantly made for consoles it seems like they didn't even try for PC gamers.the mana-tapping have more than one time f-ed me over. If you have 4 of mana X and 4 of mana Y, with no cards of mana Y on hand, it will tap -all- of mana Y in order to play card Z which costs X mana. So if you then have a draw mechanic that you were playing towards or returned a card from graveyard with cost Y, then you are screwed and have to wait a turn.The computer blatantly cheats, not even trying to hide it.Computer uses cards you don't have access to, (such as alpha-lands which gives 2 colors comes into play untapped).Plowed through campaign on Planeswalker difficulty in close to one sitting, normal game and expansion. Maybe ~10h or so."
76561198023927380,Recommended,255420,12986451,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Freeman_PhD,"While I recommend it, it is solely on the new custom deck building.  Very well done, and makes for vastly more variety in decks.  But there is a lot missing in this version of DotP.  Either this new deck feature completely overwhelmed the code or Wizards just decided to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and cut two headed giant and still leave out planes chase.  Two modes that were very fun in earlier versions.The interface also leaves something to be desired, I liked the straightforward design of 2014 over 2013's scrolling menus, and sadly they decided to try an even worst for of that.This year is vastly easier when it comes to unlocking cards (provided you don't just pay, and I highly reccomend that you don't).  You now get booster packs with 15 cards, no longer just one card with the corresponding deck you just won with.  I still don't have all the cards in 2013 and 2014, but I already have all the cards in this version unlocked."
76561198032090393,Not Recommended,255420,13242199,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,FuckinBossTexasMikeHundred,"Game would be good if it came with more cards... You see plenty of cards through the game, but most of them you won't actually get to unlock and use in your decks. Very limited. AI decks look fairly well put together, any of the decks you will get to make are just thrown together with whats available.Easily could be saved by a DLC or two that adds a significant amount of cards for you to use.. At the moment I believe there is only about 15 cards in the game."
76561198024931681,Recommended,255420,12952796,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,skichriscross,Not as terrible as people make it out to be.  Does what it sets out to do.
,Recommended,255420,12966048,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Xaosx,"This is an amazing TCG. If you ever played pokemon, yu-gi-oh, or anything simliar growing up then this is the game for you. More features than those and more skill involved in the effects of the cards. Think of it as the adult version of our childhood card games. Balanced and you do not need the expansion to do well at all, this game is loaded with hours of fun for only ten dollars. The ONLY downside to thsi game is that WotC decided to take out two headed giant (2v2) games which were available in the 2014 version. I do believe that WoTC will update the game sometime soon to include 2HG games. Great customer support as well! 9/10"
76561198025903125,Not Recommended,255420,12704723,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Squished Pear,"Despite me not recommending this game. I enjoyed it. The only reason I enjoyed it still is because I can still have fun on it despite the struggles. If you really, REALLY like these guys, then sure, you may give it a shot but I'll tell you this:I don't recommend this title.They removed many things as they added new things and the negatives do not outweigh the benefits. I gave it the benefit of the doubt and continued playing. It was bittersweet.You should consider playing previous versions of MTG instead, which I would suggest 2013 out of all the releases. This ones just a huge disappointment for any MTG fans (I'm not an MTG fan but I was disappointed in this game)."
,Recommended,255420,12763475,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[BIG] Dewey,"Awesome game, cheap for the amount of hours you can play it. Multiplayer means it doesn't lose its appeal for me. With the addition of new cards its only going to get better. The ability to constuct your own decks makes it the best version and I've played them all.sure its not perfect, a lot of haters don't like the fact its lost 2Headed Giant, while not everyone plays 2HG I can understand why that would annoy them, hopefully they'll reintroduce it.Oh and the interface is a lame port from a touch screen system and is pretty clunky on the main menu.Definitely recommend it if you like Magic!"
,Not Recommended,255420,23636353,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,pchc_lx,"Have only put a couple hours in so far, but I'll update this if I end up feeling differently.The core game is fine and similar to 2014, very beginner oriented but that's OK.Biggest complaint is responsiveness.  Needless exageratted animations for *everything* that lurch slowly on my system.  We should be able to play a card game simulator on integrated graphics in 2016... it's not asking too much.  And the UI seems designed for a touch screen- a lot of the mouse control is unintuitive.Will keep playing but these are my biggest gripes so far."
,Not Recommended,255420,12486494,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,PvtApple,first let me say this i am a big fan of all the magic games but for the price i think it is not worth getting short story mode and online pvp u can never find anyone who is on i think it would be nice if you wait for the game to go down in price then i might recommend it
76561198046962626,Recommended,255420,20514704,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lives4trauma,"Magic The Gathering (MTG).  A classic and great strategy card game.  I have been playing games for about 20 years + and the card game in real life for probably 15 years +.  The game series is easily a top 10 for me and this game itself is a top 50.  This game works well and runs smooth.  Downside, not many people pley it and very expensive.  A lot of material to play through, and really fun to build your decks and work on different strategies.  7/10 (no game is perfect)."
,Not Recommended,255420,12781464,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kazutops,every year the new iteration of Magic comes out I pray they just make it like the last one but with more cards and every year they manage to ♥♥♥♥ it up and make it worse.
76561198019811268,Recommended,255420,11408402,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ctmorling,"First, go read some of the negative reviews of this game. Many of those reviews are really accurate.Secondly, have you played the heck out of Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014 and 2013? Both of those are really, really good, and if you haven't unlocked all the decks, beat revenge mode, and unlocked all the cards for at least a few of your favorite decks, that's a better way to spend your time than playing Magic 2015.But if you've exhausted Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013 and 2014, and you've still got an itch to play Magic, and if what you've enjoyed in the past hasn't exclusively been the Two-headed Giant mode, then you're Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015's target audience. That happens to describe me perfectly, so I've really enjoyed this game.Negatives:1) No extra game modes. No Two-headed Giant, no Archmage (DotP 2012), no Planeshift (DotP 2013), and no sealed deck (DotP 2014). I happened to find these modes a cute diversion, but reading other reviews I see that a lot of people really loved them.2) Awful menus. For unfathomable reasons, Stainless Games thought we'd all enjoy an animation of the buttons on the screen rushing off to one side, then a new set of buttons rushing on to the screen. That makes navigating from the campaign level you just lost to the deck building screen take about 30 seconds.""I don't want to be looking at this set of campaign levels"", woosh, woosh, ""I don't want to pick a different set of campaign levels"", woosh, woosh, ""I don't want any kind of single player game"", woosh, woosh, ""I want to deckbuild"", woosh, woosh, ""I want to edit this deck"", woosh.All of the wooshing is way, way more painful than it should be. If it's annoying to read, it's way more annoying to watch every time you switch what you're doing. It's like adding load times to a game because you have an idea of a funny message to pop up during load times.3) A pretty lousy first hour. There's some tutorial that you can skip, then you pick a pretty lousy two-color deck, and then to complete the tutorial you have to win against a really lousy opponent. I'm pretty sure you're a big favorite, but it's Magic, so you can definitely lose this ""tutorial"" match. Once you've completed the tutorial, you're locked into the lousy two-color deck you picked -- you've got 60 cards and you've got to play with them. Next you play against some AI decks. I breezed through these, but other people struggled. I suspect that the issue is that some of the two-color decks match up well against some of the AI decks, and if you picked a deck with a bad matchup, you're stuck trying over and over until you get lucky.If you get stuck here, it's awful. For the first couple of matches you unlock just a handful of cards in your two colors. Even a couple of matches down the line, you're going to have just a small number of cards in your colors and not enough outside to justify changing colors. This contrasts with the previous games, where if you didn't like how the red deck matched up against the second opponent, you could throw it all out and switch to the green deck. No such luck here.Later in the game, this gets MUCH better, better than any previous DotP game, but it's bad at the start.4) Less to unlock. Unlocking all the cards in the previous DotP games took about 50 hours. Here, you'll unlock everything in about 25 hours. Maybe that means less grinding to you and sounds like a feature, but I feel like unlocking all the cards was the fun part of playing, so to me that counts as content.5) High-level online play will require buying additional cards. In addition to the cards you unlock by playing (or by buying the inaccurately named ""complete edition"") there are additional cards that can only be unlocked by buying ""packs"". These packs are really mini-expansions to the game -- there's something like 200 more cards, many of them duplicates, that can be purchased in chunks. The chunks are random, so the first pack you buy will have different cards than the pack I buy, but if  we buy all the chunks, we'll have all the same cards in all the same numbers.The cards in the packs aren't really better than the cards you unlock by playing, but they might fill a role that can't be filled otherwise. Those of us who don't buy these packs are definitely at a disadvantage against the people who do buy them.6) Some perverse choices about the card pool. Nessian Asp and Akroan Colossus are both 5 mana green creatures with reach -- not identical by any means, but pretty similar. However, there's no green 4-drop that you want to attack with. This mix of redundancies and gaps is pretty typical.Positives:1) New deckbuilding is a big deal. While, as I said above, there are some weird gaps in the card pool, it's really cool to be able to build any kind of deck you want.2) Great set of opposing decks. Building cool decks is great, but playing against cool decks is also important. Unlike previous versions, which had the opposing decks be the mirrors of the ones you could unlock (plus ""challenges"" with weird decks draw cards in a fixed order), DotP 2015 has about 40 unique decks to play against. These decks use a variety of strategies, and have access to a broader cardpool than the players, so they're able to execute weird strategies better than players.3) ~25 hours of single player gameplay. While previous version of DotP have had even more content, 25 hours of play for $10 is still a great deal.So all in all, even though I have a lot of reservations, I'm glad I bought this."
76561197970541793,Recommended,255420,11420491,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LoveAlotBear,"Kinda fun with the deck building, but the pay-to-win multiplayer model kinda turned me sour.. and no double-headed giant.Soo.. it is OK in the magic franchise, and worth the $10 I spent to play magic."
,Recommended,255420,12261138,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,healMySoul,"В сравнении с предыдущими годами, этот выпуск подкачал:1) Выпилен режим двухголового гиганта.2) Меню слишком ""задумчивое"", все это затухание, прокрутка, как в тумане - не нужно.3) Сетевой код так и не переписали, когда пытаешься зайти в чужую игру, постоянно вылазит ошибка, что она уже не существует, поэтому приходится коннектиться либо к рандомному игроку, либо создавать самому.Из плюсов хочу отметить, что наконец-то ввели какой-никакой декбилдинг, есть простор для фантазии."
76561198044904779,Not Recommended,255420,12421088,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,marckristians,"Usually i'm a big fan of the Magic franchise, but this game is just awful.  I think i'll stick to 2014."
,Recommended,255420,12469621,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Condor_Wingman,"I give this game 4 Stars....We have been asking for a open deckbuilding model for Duels since the beginning; now we have it. The only downside is that certain modes were excised (2HG, Sealed, Planechase, etc.) Also, card pool seems smaller and the paywall for Premium Boosters is a big disappointment. Overall, a fine effort, but with some ailing bugs."
76561198052480866,Recommended,255420,23521299,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,lunaticasylum,"Highly recommended!This is an excellent game if you have time to play. There are enough cards and the deck-building is well made. Enemies can be sly enough to defeat you in no time too; so, you have to rebuild your deck and jump into the fray again.I bought it despite the average rating on Steam, and I do not regret it!"
76561198036885842,Recommended,255420,12805302,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Twenty Euro,Great game
,Recommended,255420,12881581,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,kayne110,"Love this game, dont have any problems and it fun, easy to use and i do recomend it to anyone that likes MTG"
76561198017313120,Not Recommended,255420,12787264,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nebuchadnezzared!,"The only reason I'm playing this is because it's an MTG game.  MTG is a good game.  This is a bad game that you can (kind of) play a good game inside of.Don't bother.Edit:  They recently added Sheoldred, Whispering One to the game, so now I get to not only lose to this ridiculous card in my playgroup, but I get to lose to it online too.  I just uninstalled the game and I regret that I can't throw my computer into a river so as to never have to deal with that unfun card in this unfun game that I play a now unfun card game in.This is no longer a game.  This is torture."
76561198077783360,Not Recommended,255420,21569228,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,anxiety159,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible...
,Recommended,255420,16235864,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[JP]Nico,Can't stop playing it despite the low number of available cards.
,Recommended,255420,12977715,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Smiithyyyy,"Pretty good game. Finally, they have given the option to create your own deck from scratch! However, two-headed giant has been removed, which personally i dont like as i used to play that a lot with my friends. The game is enjoable to play through though you cant really compete online without either completing the story first or using micro-transactions. Would be a lot more fun if micro-transactions didnt seem so necessary and give you an advantage over others though."
76561197969066488,Recommended,255420,12848462,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Warlok,Great ! Welldone to the devs and Wizards for addressing the issues  :)
76561198047369556,Recommended,255420,13002344,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,McCloud,Great depth. Missing 2h Giant tho :(
,Recommended,255420,12827901,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BloodyScythe,"Over all, I really like this version of Duels of the Planeswalkers. They've added a deck builder, which I find is super nice. I never really was a fan of ""unlock cards for this only one preconstruted deck and you only may put these cards in this one specific deck"". A little bummer is, that they haven't had time or resources to put in neither two-headed-giant nor planechase mode, which wasn't really a reason not to buy it. The cards of the several shards coming with this game are unlocked without ever paying for additional unlock-packs quite fast if you have the difficulty set to ""Mage"" in the settings.After you've unlocked all cards, for me it is really fun to construct deck and test them against pre-constructed campaign decks or even against my own decks.A big negative in my opinion is the really really super slow and unprecise interface which sometimes bugs out (mouse wheel doesn't work anymore and you have to drag-n-drop to maneuvre).Also, if you already own Magic 2014, you get a free Premium Booster. If you have Magic 2015 pre-purchased, you've got an additional Premium Booster. Both of those Premium Booster each count towards the ""free Garruk's Revenge DLC as a compensation for buying Premium Boosters"" campaign, Wizards started with the 2014/11/05 update, which was also the DLC's release date.Sadly I'm not allowed to write this in the review of the DLC since I haven't explicitely ""bought"" it from the steam store, but more got it unlocked within the game itself.I accidentally bought the Garruk's Revenge DLC before I started Magic 2015 after the 2014/11/05 update, but the Steam Support was kind enough to undo my payment and refund the money. Cheers and Thumbs Up for the great support!"
76561197984651828,Recommended,255420,16438452,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dmr30,I can remember year after year with the previous magic the gathering games that people wished to create their own decks and now it is in this version everyone is not happy.  I get these Magic the Gathering games every year and are always happy due to the fact that I am realistic and understand that they are just a way to get people hooked on buying magic boosters for real. I understand that hasbro/wizards cannot put every magic card in these games otherwise people will not buy the physical game.  When you think about it for $10 you would get around 3 magic boosters or this game which has hundreds of cards and the ability to play against the PC or real people.  In summary great value for money and great game when you think about how much $10 would pay for in real life magic cards.
,Recommended,255420,22248602,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,phuq cinese,"SPOILERS!: This game is abviously better for those who have even the slightest bit of knowledge on MTG. Let's get on with this review.Now yes, this game is hard at first but when u poured in countless of hours just trying to find a deck that can beat the tutorial deck easily thats where the fun part begins....and by that i mean realizing how this game works in terms of deck colors and what not and how to use the combos in the deck you choose to beat your opponent.But besides that, this game is also a far greater version of it's predecessor (at least imo). It's very fun, not really noob friendly, makes you rage at RNGesus for giving the opponent a better 1st hand than you. Another thing is, once you get the hang of this game, you can start creating your own deck and improving agaisnt other players WHICH BRINGS ME TO MY NEXT POINT.Its harder to actually find a pub match rather than just playing the singleplayer.But once you do find a game with someone and get to the point where u have a 14/14 creature with flying and they have to counter to it, you basically achieved that point in the game where you graduate from MTG school and realize that there is so much more in this game than skills, its about knowledge and understanding of what ur deck can do.TL;DR Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy the game and play it and just get that x5 14/14 creature with flying on ur field TODAY!10/10 would get mana flooded again ;)"
76561198041201569,Recommended,255420,12295049,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,darchonator,Good game.
,Recommended,255420,11338030,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Bud,I do like this game far better but it still needs a lot of work and more addition to cards wouldn't hurt.
76561198079056953,Recommended,255420,28728641,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LaZebra ☠,Deserves higher rating!
,Not Recommended,255420,24668499,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,This game must be constructed to sxrxw You up with bad cards.I keep get either6 lands 1 creature  (and then only get lands for 5 turns)or6 creatures 1 land  (and then get only creatures for 5 turns)orif one goes for say a 4-3 (You dont get lands for 5 turns.)one almost always keeps losing tempo with the draw after 4th or 5th turn regradless what one does.=the game is just not fun.Never had this problem before in any type of Magic games;( since 1993)
,Recommended,255420,11348316,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Maus,I thought this game was terrible because of starter decks it gives you. But when you get past first part of the campaign it becomes nearly perfect game. Its not pay to win. Premium cards are balanced. You can open all cards EASILY. All you have to do is outsmart AI which is so easy even with starter decks. Card library is small but decks are so fun to play. Far better than 2014.
,Recommended,255420,11292128,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,IndifferentSuns,"EDIT:I'm changing my mind. I'm really enjoying the card pool. There are some rather interesting complexities and intereactions within the seeming restrictions. It can be a neat way to play.Dont get me wrong, I still hate the ridiculously time consuming menus and inefficient deck building UI. I miss two headed giant like crazy, although 4 player actually has people playing it now so its a novel substitute in some ways.- - -I will never understand the people that made the decisions involved in putting together this years version. I really want to like this and I've waited months and months to do so. But the following points are incredibly difficult to get past.- Dead Giants.Removal of Two Headed Giant due to lack of budget and/or questionable priorities- Menus of Eternity.One at a time icons that fill your entire screen. What should take five seconds to navigate can easily take over thirty seconds.- Menus of Sexy.Lovely fading effect that likely drained an unjustifiablly large percentage of the budget. Who sexys up the least important part of a game at the cost of everything else? Definitely a questionable priority.- Themeless Themes.They describe each deck like they do all of these amazing things together, but only the most laughably small amount of cards that reflect each theme appear to have made it into the card pool. This is even more pronounced in contrast with last years distinct and solid themes.- I've Got Bugs.Should be a super-fun tribal deck, not a constant pain in the UI♥♥♥♥♥- Deck Select.You cannot change decks as you set up a multiplayer game. You must equip a deck in a previous screen, requiring you quit out and try get back in. So just to get an arbitrary language tie-in with an artifact type, we now have to do things the hard way.- Lobbying for a Lobby.Where is the multiplayer lobby after a game? It seems like it just drops out to one of the main menus after a game but once in a while it will go back into the game set up screen. Which one is it? Do we have a real lobby or is it just random?- Yawning Pool.I understand a good balance of card power, but it feels like I've been zerg rushed with meh. While there are a couple of fun and interesting cards, it feels like you have to use scraps dancing around them to complete a deck. Card synchronicity is really quite lacklustre. Gimme some of the AI's cards.- Bigger is Not Big.The entire marketing spin is spearheaded with 'Hunt Bigger Game'. If you did an audit and comparison of mean and/or total creature size between this and last years version, I'd probably be willing to put money on us actually hunting smaller game this time around.- Deck Build Build.There are a bunch of filters that are buried (like the old school pun?) in panels at the top and bottom of the screen. All of these filters would easily fit directly above and below the cards. Plenty of room. There is no need to make them an extra click away with another click to get back. Functionless complexity is infuriating. Though if I must settle for the ridiculous summaries instead, why not give me my colour break-downs in them? Everything else seems to be listed.- Joining the Rebellion.Jump onto a multiplayer 'Quick Match' and it queues you for a quick match. Lies. There is no 'Cancel' button, so more often than not you are stuck in a massive white 'Joining' screen with absolutely no way out."
76561198087076653,Recommended,255420,11428888,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Snaggmouth,this game is rad
76561198045217497,Not Recommended,255420,11322684,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,dorkus24,What a crap job.  Whatever color you picked to start is locked.  You have NO OPTION to change.  Winning campaign matches gets a booster with only 3 cards and it may be be cards of colors YOU CAN'T USE because you are locked into 2 colors.  The auto-land tap is ruined.  Tapping out all your land of the colors you need so you can't cast other spells.  I payed for the full locked and feel I have been ripped off.  Instead of opening decks they have locked you into 2 colors with limited cards.  I just payed $35 nd now they want me to pay more $ for the chance at playing another color?  So many useless and slow animations to get to any screen.  Did the artists request the programmers to force the player to click through every photo they made 1000 times?  animation is sooooo slow and whooshing IN and whooshing OUT constantly is just so annoying.  What is the point of hiding menu options within menus within MORE MENUS????  and some of them don't even work like auto-land.  Why am I getting tips whe I have tips turned off?  So many things would have been more forgivable is I had the option to play any colors I wanted.  But we don't.  Screwed into whatever we pick when the game sarts and NO WARNING that there is no option to use any other colors or to change colors.
76561198043280811,Recommended,255420,11552449,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Niccolò Machiavelli,"If you have this game, play. If you don't, buy it and proceed to play. Magic is probably the best TCG out there, and this is a fantastic way to learn all about it."
76561198040854208,Recommended,255420,11554230,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,moirai,"no 2hg, don't buy it ;p"
,Recommended,255420,11386154,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Sanlumiere,"NOTE: I recommend this game at $9.99 - any additional ""special edition"" upgrades or whatever are a total waste of money and should NOT be where your money goes.What this is not:- an online replacement/playtesting tool for paper magic players who don't want to pay hundreds, if not thousands to maintain an online collection.- worth investing more than $9.99 in- designed for PC- a challenge for real, competitve magic playersIf you can accept these things, then you are not going to be disappointed by DOTPW 2015.It is a short campaign with a decent amount of replay value, it is better executed in ""most"" regards vs. the previous iterations of this game. The AI is generally not challenging at all, even at the hardest levels, so if you are a good magic player, and you concede games quickly to poor RNG, you can easily finish this entire campaign in about 3-4 hours (you will note I have 7.2 hours on record, and that includes a reasonable amount of messing around and farming the post-campaign content)Duels was clearly designed for tablets, so with that said, you may well just want to buy it on a tablet :), as the menus ask you to ""swipe"" the screen with your mouse, which is inaccurate to say the least, and infuriating in more cases than not.What duels of the planeswalkers 2015 has improved on...The overall game UI is solid, and is an excellent educational tool for those not necessarily too familiar with the game's rules. The mana-tapping complaints I have seen are really not a concern if you pay attention and use mana-cycling. Not being able to target your opponent's cards by default is something you MUST turn off. No spoilers, but there is a specific opponent where your life is a ton easier if you can target their cards. I would also turn off the handicap of allowing the AI to order your blocks for you - but do so understanding that assigning blocks is a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥so you may well order incorrectly anyway.The presentation of cutscenes, videos and even some voice acting is new to DOTPW with this edition, advancing on ""motion images"" of the previous incarnation. The underlying story of Garruk and his obsession with being a hunter is nicely realized and while the transitions from plane to plane are a touch, weird, it's all good and nothing that detracts from the overall story experience.The collection management has decent filtering, the packs you get after each victory generally have at least a couple of good upgrades for your current deck, and by about plane 4 or so, you do get to have some real flexibility in adjusting your deck to handle the current task at hand (i.e. sideboarding in artifact or enchantment removal, etc)The whole deck building interface is quite basic, however. So don't expect it to make it easy for you to see your deck at a glance.Who is Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015 for?anyone who is generally speaking a fan of Magic the Gathering, but is on the more beginner to intermediate side. The tutorial is good, the tool tips are accurate and useful, and the overall experience is very much intended to hand-hold the player with less experience. If you pay attention well enough, you will get a good introduction to core concepts such as the stack, correctly timing your instants and abilities and attacking before playing cards (something the AI does, and the game correctly (for the most part) recommends to you).Anyone who is a bit more skilled who feels that $10 is a decent value for 7-10 hours (or more if you really get in to the multiplayer aspect) of magic-based entertainment.It is sad to note the loss of the puzzle/challenge mode. This might have been a mistake to exclude since such things are generally speaking one diversion which entertains the more advanced player.Keep your expectations low, and this game will be pretty much everything you want - and it's a heck of a lot more fun to play than full fledged Magic the Gathering in the recently launched v4 online client!"
76561198022980234,Not Recommended,255420,11330340,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zen17h,"-Sloooooooooooooooow menus-You start with only one very weak deck and you'd better hope any boosters you get will be useful at all in that deck.-Sloooooooooooooooow menus-At the start you have a choice of which two-colour deck type you want, but can't see the cards and as said above, you then only get that one.-Sloooooooooooooooow menus-You have to play (or pay) the campaign to get boosters, but it consists of properly constructed decks that will flatten you-Sloooooooooooooooow menusRather get any other version where you can at least have proper decks - even if that means you can't fully customise them.-Sloooooooooooooooow menus!!!!!!!"
76561198006884002,Not Recommended,255420,11330306,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AngryAttorney,"This game is obnoxious, in order to do well you have to buy the cards. It's a scam and a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,255420,13898518,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Heliotarra,It is the worst Duels of the Planeswalkers. They took everything good and made it worse.
,Not Recommended,255420,11294217,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,oOFrostByteOo,"Don't buy it. Go get 2012, 2013 or even 2014 but 2015 became ""pay to win"".You no longer get several decks to play with. You choose your color at start and get ONE deck that is sub-par at best (to encourage you to purchase their ""Premium"" cards)Microtransactions everywhere, Booster packs $$$, Premium cards $$$, Foil cards $$$. all of which are allowed online.Yes you unlock cards as you play, but you have to play a lot (at least 5-6+ hours) to get enough cards to build a deck of a different color. that will most likely be sub-par itself due to limited selection of ""free"" cards (even though we payed $10 for the game).Interface is slow and clunky as it was made with touch screen in mind, what should take .5 seconds on PC takes 5 seconds because of god awful menus and UI.Deck building is improved and the actual battle UI is ok, and thats about all i can say positive about this one.In short, became a cash grab, run far, run fast."
,Recommended,255420,20999077,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mike's Game Domain,"This game has much worse reviews than it deserves.At the retail price, it is not worth it, I will agree.If you are looking at this during the 75% off sale period it is totally worth it.There is a ton of single player content, an ok story development, and loads of awesome cards for deck construction.I paid less than $20 for the entire offering and am very much enjoying it.Multiplayer does seem to be dead and the in-game shop is also not functioning for me.If you love to make decks and play magic, I still think it's worth it."
76561198004844668,Recommended,255420,16370373,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"Sit down, Biyombo","While I am a huge fan of Magic, I have always been afraid to play a childrens card game in public. Thankfully, Wizards of the Coast has created a fantastic alternative. Avoid all the shame of paying money for cardboard by just paying money for virtual cardboard! Best of all, you can hide all that shame online beneath your bulging steam library. Great game, but lacks certain egyptian flavors that really make a childrens card game great. 6.8/10"
76561197961092646,Recommended,255420,12059095,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Carl,"I would reccomend playing this if you like magic but beware, this game annoys me because they make you feel like an idiot that does not know how to play magic because even if you pick veteran difficulty they require you to go through this long♥♥♥♥♥tutorial explaining the entire game over again like I've never even heard of magic before..... Kind of insulting if you ask me but got over it. Then they didn't give me the cards I bought for extra $$ right away so I could not make a decent deck to start the game,  had to make do with the weak decks they let me choose from and ripped my hair out as I pulled mana card after mana card with nothing to spend it on. After several restarts later I was able to beat the first set of enemies and unlock the cards I payed for which was pretty painful. Other than that I like the card game of magic a lot and this plays it just fine, has new art, and runs pretty smooth for the most part. Also, I do not know why I can't use instant spells when in the blocking phase of battle because from what I understand you can play an instant at any time, including when I'm about to block so I can blow away a monster when attacking but hey...maybe I'm wrong."
76561198013731542,Not Recommended,255420,12066182,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SithTruth,Rip offf! Do not purchase! It's a pure and simple money grab! Stop supporting these half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games.
,Recommended,255420,12097978,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rogue,"As someone who has played Magic off and on for the past five years or so, I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun, semi-casual Magic experience.  While DotP 2015 has its technical faults, it more than makes up for them by offering a package that is fun, educational and has a sharp looking user interface.My favorite things about DotP 2015 so far are the in-match suggestion and the in-game card info features.  If I'm not sure about my next move, I can ask for a suggestion and the game will offer advice, like enchant a creature, or attack with a certain number of creatures while still having other creatures for defense.  The card info feature lets you zoom in on a card and will offer more info on a certain ability or term if you are unfamiliar with it.  I imagine more experienced players would be turned off by these, but I assure you, they are totally optional and can be disabled if you wish.Another thing I like about DotP 2015 is the sense of progression.  You get to test drive several different decks of various colors and playstyles in the tutorial and once you beat the first boss, that's your starting deck.  After that, you begin a journey that will send you to several different planes, each with around six unique fights.  I will admit, it is a little frightening being locked in at this point with practically no way to change, but you have to press on.  You can augment your current deck or build new ones by winning campaign battles or random duels and earning booster packs.  Booster packs contain about 7~10 cards or so.  Yeah, it's grindy, but that's the point.To the more experienced players, the tutorials are optional and many of these features can be turned off.  If you're still not sure, I would say try cranking up the difficulty if you still need a challenge.  To the newer players and people like me, looking for a fun Magic experience without embarassing yourself in public like I do at booster drafts, this is pretty cool and well worth the $10.One more thing regarding the microtransactions/DLC:  I hate microtransactions and in-app purchases in general, so before I tried DotP 2015, I was extremely wary of the idea of subjecting myself to a scam.  I don't plan on purchasing anything beyond the base game and at five hours in, I don't feel pressured into buying anything.  There is nothing ""in your face"" about it.  There is an unobtrusive button in one of the menus that says 'shop' where you can choose to buy special booster packs or foil stickers if you want.  I'm a very cynical person when it comes to monetization strategies like this and so far, I don't agree with a lot of criticism of this game."
76561198068825982,Recommended,255420,12112780,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Chris,"I don't really understand where all the hate is coming from. Online play was my favorite in 2014, and I have found myself not even having a huge desire to play online yet because of how fun the campaign and getting cards is. Plus, multiple entrirely customizable decks saved for whenever you want to use them? I love dotp 14 but this one is way better, it's such an awesome game.The online matches I HAVE played have been balanced and fun. They did a great job on this game. Even if I somehow was never able to play the game again, the time I *have* played it for was well worth my $10, but I'm not done playing yet!"
76561198076428243,Recommended,255420,12206768,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mojo,"I'll give it a 8 out of 10.I'll recommened it to anyone that hasn't yet tried TradingCardsGames.10 bucks for a Magic limited experience that would contain at least one extension is a very good deal, the best you can find out of magic products.You can now deckbuild!Some game modes are missing from previous Magic games but that's still really ok for its price!Players would have it all and expect a lot of this game but they forget that TGC isn't a cheap hobby and in this case they are all wrong and arguing against the cheapest way to get into TGC: This game."
,Recommended,255420,12260538,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Firemaw,The most exciting new feature this year allows full customisation of decks from the whole library of unlocked cards. This adds a ton of replayability and experimentation over previous versions!
,Not Recommended,255420,12282501,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,TheCaptain44,"DotP 2014 was a lot better. I can't quite point to exactly why, but I felt lost playing through this game. I'm not even sure now how ""finished"" I am even though I think I beat the final boss. Maybe its just me, but it was sort of all over the place as far as progression and story.Games with day 1 dlc already start out with a lower grade for me and I will not pay for it and this game reinforces why. It felt incomplete. Its missing features and extras that previous versions had. Being able to build my deck was kind of novel, but the cards are still pretty limited...unless you buy all the extras I assume, but I'd rather spend that money on real cards or even in the online version.I preordered this game and don't totally regret it, but I won't rush to do it next year for sure."
76561198058602179,Recommended,255420,12092465,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,c__age,"Honestly ...Yes. There are a few glaring issues that I have with this game, one being the microtransactions that are available for this. I am so against them on principal. Other than that, I am quite pleased with this, if I have the Magic Itch and it is 2 am and none of my colligues are available for a game, I pop this game on and away we go."
76561198131534588,Recommended,255420,12090386,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,abu_3MRH,"I like this game so much and it is one of the best game I know and I am crazy about it. I like everything in MAGIC and its great thing in 2015 we can make our decks FINALLY!! the thing I do not like it about MAGIC is that each year a lot of cards that was in the last year of the game is removed and sometimes all cards. Like now I wish a lot of the oldest cards was here in 2015 it was gonna be so great for example illosion , elf, destroction deck ( blue deck) , damage deck (red deck), lands deck cards that help to put  a lot of lands Eetc..."
,Recommended,255420,12206437,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bodhsativa,"Pros+Fully customisable decks+Cleaner HUD interface (I know some people complain about the UI but I think the color scheme actually makes it easier to see what is being played, on the stack, etc. hence making playing instants/abilities easier)+Cheaper than buying Magic cardsCons-No 2HG-Premium booster packs require extra cash, not that they're necessary to win, but it is an additional unecessary cost to completing the card collection-Menu UI is unintuitiveOverallIf you enjoy MTG physical card game, customising your own deck and 1v1 magic at a cheap price, this is for you.  If not, play 2014, which has standardised decks and 2HG. It is a different game, so it comes down to preference."
,Not Recommended,255420,12086146,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Friday the Thirteenth,"I want a damn refund.I had thought that all the reviews bashing this game were just hype.  I could not have been more wrong.  This game suffers fromHORRIBLEbalance issues.  Your starting decks, quite frankly, really do suck, and do not work as advertised (blue spells do not ""bounce"" in the blue/green deck, for example, and the green creatures do not have the ""when entering the battlefield"" effects promised.  The only exception to this is the black/white deck, but only barely, as it does indeed have a whopping three cards with lifelink)  In fact, no matter what color combination you choose, the cards you get for your color are always the same.  (you get the same blue cards for a blue/black as you do for a blue/green or blue/red).  Also, your starting decks do not have a ""base"" card:  that one powerful card that you build your deck around.  To compound matters, the greatest strength of this game is also its greatest weakness:  the emulation of booster packs.  the cards you get are entirely random, meaning you can (as I have twice now) wind up with no new cards to add to your deck before fighting the stage one boss, something that is absolutely critical.  Do NOT make the same mistake I made.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  Buy Dream Pinball 3D or Air Control instead."
76561198128400144,Recommended,255420,12114532,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,guillaume8980,really addictive game
,Recommended,255420,12135698,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Sullenmoon,"Fun, but not as replay-able as the previous iterations.  Doesn't work well with touch tablets and has resolution issues on my laptop."
,Recommended,255420,12161690,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Takkei,"Good for Magic fans.. Few offputting things about it but really, it's a pretty solid game.."
76561198004590710,Recommended,255420,12195966,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Casey Dixon,Love it.  Despite not having two-headed giant and the start decks being rather meh.  The ability to fully customize your own deck far outways the cons in this edition of Duels of the Planeswalkers.  Definately my favorite yet.
,Recommended,255420,12268615,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,physics21,"I have to wonder how many people who rated this game poorly or recommended others not to get it have actually played  Magic 2015. As someone new to MTG, I had nothing but fun playing the main campaign and multiplayer. I still have more cards to unlock, but to those who say you ""need"" premium cards to have fun or be competative in multiplayer either have a lack of ingenuity in deck building or, again, just haven't played the game at all. Will you beat every pack out there without the premiums? Probably not, but then again, if that matters that much to you then you shouldn't have a problem spending the little bit extra for the rest of the cards. This has been a wonderful introduction to MTG and well worth the ten bucks I spent. Just got my first set of paper cards today now that I'm hooked on the game. I recommend this whole heartedly for all beginners to MTG and, despite the hate out there, even some veterns of the paper game enjoy Magic 2015."
,Not Recommended,255420,12060008,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Miles,"Summary: One step forward, two steps back. Veterans will be upset, beginners are better off with 2014.This is Magic the Gathering, but unfortunately kneecapped for reasons unknown. First, the interface is clearly not designed for PC use. It is very, very obvious that it was meant for swipping motions on a tablet or smartphone. 2014 had a similar problem, though not nearly as bad. The UI is also clunky. It takes way longer than necessary to perform mundane tasks.The problems in gameplay start off with the starter deck. You get a vague description of the deck style, then you get a bunch of crappy cards. Compare to 2014, where the decks started off good and only got better. While being able to fully customize your deck is good, you're again kneecapped by the slow and random progression of acquiring cards. Add to that that the best cards are locked behind micro-transactions and it's a fairly miserable experience. The fact that you have the option to purchase sets for real money that you can fully unlock through gameplay is also a kick in the balls.The story mode is a big crapshoot. You generally don't have a good enough deck to beat the main bosses right off the bat, and some of them use cards that you can't even get, like scry lands. You end up having to grind exploration zones to get more cards until you either get lucky or can hard counter the boss's deck. The exploration itself is random too. My very first experience was an opponent that used Pyxis of Pandemonium. Only Pyxis of Pandemonium, a card that isn't even usable. until turn 7 (assuming no land drops are missed). Others can kick your♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly.I don't really know who this was made for. Veterans will be disappointed with the card pool and overal gameplay, while beginners will learn better with 2014."
,Recommended,255420,12210659,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HemotoxicLifeguard,"This game is a great way to get in to the card game if you're a beginner (like I was), and unlike the actual irl version of it, you will always have someone to play against! On the downside, it has a few things that could be tweaked to make it better, for instance the menus are a bit slow, the difficulty progression is a bit staggering, but most of all I got quite annoyed at how you cannot change your starter deck. If I had been one of the developers, I would have made a quiz that hands out a recommended deck to the player, so that people who are new to the game wouldn’t chose one that they would later realize that they felt uncomfortable with (like me).All in all; It is worth its cost, if you are into magic or just card games like these in general, then you'd probably like this game as well! Imagine all the money you'd have to spend to build the decks you can get in game, and in that sense its definitely worth it!"
76561198150552279,Not Recommended,255420,21854853,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,C4X2,"I bought this game thinking it was magic online but it isn't. It is a seperate product produced byt the same people. Now this product is perfectly fine when starting out playing magic but quickly becomes dull and doesn't even have access to the bevy of magic cards printed over the games 23 year history. While I did enjoy the game for a short while when I intially purchased it, it now just a relic in my library as I have moved on to playing MTGO."
76561198067363723,Recommended,255420,16544700,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,King | RyGuy,Great game to help players learn and enjoy MTG
76561198104513158,Recommended,255420,13070721,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,PugzTheBoy,"It's another in a long series of M:TG for consoles. It's great and awful at the same tme. I actually like it because of it's limited card pool. Makes me try/think harder to win. But it's flaws sre still prevalent. Most people who buy this game already know what they're in for, M:TG lite."
76561197997921083,Not Recommended,255420,12286498,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Պաչման,Bring back 2HGBring back 2HGBring back 2HGBring back 2HG
76561198062643678,Not Recommended,255420,11302775,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,PoonMoon,"Shocking.There is no excuse for such a poor user experience as the one offered by 2015.  I have enjoyed all the recent Magic releases and although they had issues (namely deck builder limitations) at least they were playable, for a bit.This however is a studdering mess of ill-concieved ideas manifested in the menus.  At what point was it deemed a good idea to make the user scroll through every menu item to understand what is in the menu (Magic2015 shows you one item at a time, using a depth of field type blurr on all other items).  Looking for settings / video / resolution?  Be prepared to scroll through several clunky menus with the hope of the right item coming into focus.Then, gameplay.  Firstly performance.  The effects are so demanding that my machine which was happily playing other magic titles and games like FarCry3, Sniper elite etc, crawls and judders on throughout the game.  Maybe I should switch off some stuff, maybe the game is set to Ultra-high?  Oh wait, no options other than 'Shadows' high, med, off....Wizards, sort it out.  Use sensible, effective, working menus.  Allow those who want gameplay, not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ transiants and seguis to switch off whatever crap is making this such a demanding game (exactly WHAT is that btw as I see no real difference other than a step back in quality)."
,Not Recommended,255420,11283674,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RvolvrWest,"The ONLY thing new about this is creating your own deck. The single player is not true AI, it's deck manipulation that detects player disadvantage and changes the rest of the game to amplify that fact:-If you start the game with a deck it doesn't like (especially a custom) you'll rarely get a usable starting hand-If you are short one mana source early, it will make sure you don't get it until it's too late-Whatever spell you need to turn a game around will be mysteriously absent from your drawsIn the actual card game I've NEVER gotten this many bad hands in a row. A few of the archtypes that I have looked at to play have a smattering of cards, not actually enough to make them effective (mostly missing finishers). In the collection, you can get up to 4 commons, 3 uncommons, or 2 rares which makes decks that are rare heavy seem exessively random.If you're an experienced player this game will sour your experience, and if you're a novice it'll bat you around until you're fed up and want your money back.As always: the multiplayer experience changes with deck match-ups."
76561197962752731,Not Recommended,255420,11317985,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,HeHateMe,Worst game I have ever played.   Getting my money back...  DO NOT BUY
76561198012854844,Not Recommended,255420,12869259,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pandaling,I've you ever wanted to know what its like to want to kill yourslef play this game 2/10.  If this game was anthing but mtg it would be -8/10
76561198086700945,Recommended,255420,16853693,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,[THEBAT]Lorrin,"It gives you a basic insight in how to play the game, aswell as how to develop your deck strats. It is not like magic online, but has a better visual design. You are somewhat limited to the sets of cardsm but you can still build viable decks, and it will help you build decks for standard."
76561198022145860,Recommended,255420,16102936,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Murgen,Awesome game!
,Recommended,255420,16323028,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DoktorMostro,"A lot of MTG players declare Magic 2014 is better than this one. I must say that i hadn´t knew anything MTG related a year ago and this games feels good to me.I learned a lot about MTG playing this and i can play with real cards now, great.Pro:+ You will learn a lot about MTG+ Game is challenging in a good way+ Complete card library (2015)Con:- Needs a lot of time to unlock cards and master the game.- You can´t skip battle animations at config settings.Rating: 4/5"
76561198106627135,Not Recommended,255420,12598312,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mystery,Last Time I buy any of the Magic series.
76561198065736463,Not Recommended,255420,12484273,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Gains Goblin,"Worst magic pc game yet, i was strongly dissapointed with this installment"
76561197978113217,Not Recommended,255420,12651482,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,CallousWrath,2015 sucks♥♥♥♥♥.. You cant get anywhere with♥♥♥♥♥♥starting deck. Crap cards...2014 was way better.
76561198020109566,Not Recommended,255420,12542703,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,NoGas,"Cheap cash grab. The card pool really is limited, and the viable cards for serious play are even moreso. Once again, stainless and WotC are completely silent regarding the title.Fool me once..."
,Not Recommended,255420,17663453,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ｓｃｉａｓ,"Don't even bother  to play it, buy magic 2014, it is so much better.I have 11.8 hrs on record and on magic 2014 is 300+"
76561198014468716,Not Recommended,255420,15919909,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ChickenStuff,"Player base for this game is toxic. They will not hesitate to deride you for using the pre-made decks or even using a deck similar to the pre-made ones for perceived lack of originality when the reality is that you're just a new player and you haven't learned enough of the various card interactions or may simply lack the cards to create an ""original"" deck. There is a chat window even in 1v1 multiplayer so you can talk to your opponent and i've gotten to the point where I simply ignore it. It seems like every time my opponent wants to speak to me, it's to make some snide comment about the deck i'm choosing to play.The funny part is that a majority of the player base uses web sites likenogoblinsallowed.comortappedout.netand there is simply no such thing as a totally original deck.This game is played mostly by elitist mouth-breathers and if you decide to buy it I encourage you to ignore your chat window as your opponent WILL NEVER have anything constructive to say to you. No wonder MTG Lite...I mean Hearthstone is so much more popular."
,Not Recommended,255420,13717181,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,❀,"Poorly made game in all aspects.I really wish I had known earlier.Beware, I wouldn't even buy it on sale. Its fustrating to play"
,Not Recommended,255420,15457046,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Eilanzer,"Don´t play, don´t buy, don´t even look!Without any fun or mode of the previous games and now we have a package of p2w bullcrap and wow ""custom"" deck builder....yey ¬¬no two headed dragon and don´t count with any other previous modes too...THE WORSE lobby system till now, with HORRIBLE matchmakingstay away!"
,Recommended,255420,13103879,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ZΦdiΔrK,"Don't let all the negative reviews scare you if you enjoy MTG games, it's worth the purchase. I have played 2014 and 2015 extensively and I honestly like 2015 a tiny bit better. Yes, there is no 2HG. Yes, the software is not the most responsive at times (not very noticably though). There are plenty of little things that people nitpick on (and they are correct), however they really aren't as detrimental as they are made out to be. And IMO, I like ffa better than 2v2 anyway. Also, building decks from scratch is such a benefit, I think it outweighs the detriments.TL;dr. If you like MTG, at the very least this won't be a waste of your money."
76561198035634851,Recommended,255420,13114487,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,askiura,"First time Magic Player, I dont understand the dislike for this game.....but I love it and now I like to play Magic. :D"
76561198015331564,Not Recommended,255420,11288047,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dred,Worst card game ive payed..... horrible
,Not Recommended,255420,11302734,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,DeadMouth,f^k this sh^t game.  f^k wizard. f^k u all.
76561198000368393,Not Recommended,255420,11287972,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Reeldrum,What is this? where is the 2headed giant???!Wasted my money for nothing
,Not Recommended,255420,12020948,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,coreed64,"The only good thing about this game, is the deck builder. If you aren't willing to blow money on booster packs within the game, you probably aren't going to win any online games.    2/10"
76561198042531610,Not Recommended,255420,12044645,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Chocolick,a stepback
,Not Recommended,255420,12013049,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Big Doge,"This game if ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Have the devs never actually played the card game? Do they not care that half the ♥♥♥♥ing game isn't in playing other people to unlock boosters? Did an idiot design the starter decks and then a clueless marketing drone write up the descriptions?The ""game"" is a train wreck of bad decisions. The ""fans"" would be better served with a game that allowed the creation of custom decks using three starters as a base. Or a randomized library of commons and uncommons.I also had the technical issue where I had to set the game to Win98/ME compatibility mode or the Steam overlay wouldn't appear. Just ♥♥♥♥ing bad. And I bought the dlc because I wanted to skip all the stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but I can't figure out how to actually get at it. What a dumb waste of my time and money."
76561198006994067,Not Recommended,255420,12019462,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Vergalon,"I would love to like this game. Finally, a DotP that allows you to make your own deck. Yes, this is what many, many players wanted. But not like this.in previous versions, I was fine buying the deck packs, and expansions, because I knew what I was getting, and it was the same for everyone else. But I am not, and never will be fine with buying random content in a video game. This series is a yearly release at this point, so any money I invest in boosters (which I doubt will ever go on sale) will be pointless, come this time next year. That for me was what, made me turn on this game. Thanks Wizards, if I wanted to pay for boosters, I'd play some more paper magic or MtG Online.******Also******Would it kill you Wizards to keep Planechase, Archenemy, or EVEN Two-Headed Giant in the game? Seriously?!Also, the card pool in total is more dilute than the previous games, making less viable deck options than the previous games.Don't waste your time, 2014 is arguably much better, and is discounted more durring sales."
76561198059059834,Not Recommended,255420,12021425,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,treehuggnhippy,"The game Magic 2015 Duels of the Planewalkers features the ability to build and customize your own decks, land counts, and so on.  The bad news, lots of grinding which eventually gets boring.  The card selection is fairly lower tiered cards over the last few years, nothing terribly exciting, engaging, or really interesting to build with, especially for those who have played the series for awhile.  The random decks you face in this game are far more interesting quite often, than what you the player have access to.  Who really enjoys the fifth or sixth iteration of playing a kiln fiend deck?  I would recommend Duels of the Planewalkers 2013 instead, far more enjoyable and better options for single and multiplayer expriences.  Also, a selling point of previous games, two headed giant, is completely absent in this iteration."
76561198013118405,Not Recommended,255420,12015572,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,FeinerSaft,Card pool is just too little.
,Not Recommended,255420,21631801,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dragon Boy,"One of the single worst games I have ever played graphics wise. You have to click on everything two or three times for anything to happen, and the cards are always shifting around and performing unneccesary animations that take forever to execute, even if you turn as many as possible off. I've had the misfortune of playing this on both PC and Kindle, both ran like absolute garbage. And if you can stomach the awful menus, it also takes about 10 hours of grinding just to get to a place where you can compete with the AI. The only reason for this is because card unlocking takes forever and they don't start you with enough cards to build a competitive deck. Online MTG should not be a difficult thing to execute. This is the most embarassing in Wizard's long line of overpriced, sub-par Magic games. Play 2013, 2012, even Magic Duels...at least you'll be able to, uh, play the game. I only bought it because it was on sale, and play it when the card sets in the other games get boring. But I don't feel good about myself when I do."
,Not Recommended,255420,12629709,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Tooway™,"Still a good game, but you grow tired of seeing the same things over and over again:Pro :Build your own decks out of available card poolThe single player campaign was more exciting that previous versionsCons :No two-headed giantTedious match making processThe userinterface tries to be flashy, but in turn makes it hard to navigate and very clunkyWas expecting more DLC to bolster your card collection and maybe bring in old sets or new sets as available downloads.When attacking someone with several or more creatures makes it it possible to declare blockers.Addditional suggestion : maybe run tournamenst for those interested to pit their decks against each other, or do sealed or draft tournaments as in normal magic.Keep the version fresh, not just here is 2015 liek 2014, next thing you will get from us is 2016, because if that's the case, I wont be buying 2016.oh and mac and linux compatibility, ios but not mac or linux come one, dropping hte ball.Badly.I hope you take this critiscm to heart.Thanks"
,Recommended,255420,20635163,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SHAPER [BAD ROLL FARMER],"This game is much better than Magic Duels Origins, which is also on Steam. The majority of negative reviews are complaints that were valid prior to the games' numerous updates which have since taken place. The game is now very well polished, finished, and you can easily earn all of the cards for free if you just put in a bit of time. The roster of available cards here is by far the most fun out of all the DOTP games, and there's a ton of variety to work with. It doesn't take years of grinding to earn the cards either, unlike a certain other, newer installment... The campaign is also pretty good if you care about that, and the AI isn't awful when played on the highest difficulty. The explore feature is pretty cool if you can't handle playing online, although it's less extensively replayable than Origins' version of the feature, the design of the decks you play against is far less repetitive and also far less poorly constructed.Downsides include a soundtrack that is generally inferior to Magic 2014, the lack of 2headedgiant mode (I don't know why people care so immensely about this, it would be nice to have all kinds of modes in DOTP but there's never been any consistency across the games in that regard.), and an arguably imbalanced meta (Though there's so much variety theoretically available to you that if you have a friend or two you don't need to succumb to the good ole' cloudshift combo, spider spawning combo, Doubling season tokens, Jeskai control sweepers, 20 counterspells Izzet deck, truefire paladin killing you by turn 3, etc. etc.)-but this last point is something inherant in all DOTP games, only this time you get to build your deck so you at least have more freedom to try and combat the meta. While you can also build your deck with Origins, it takes about 10 years to unlock cards that aren't garbage-unless you plan on spending an amount equivalent to real world MTG, which defeats the purpose of playing this game virtually to begin with.The complaints regarding bugginess and p2w are no longer prevalent in this game, UNLIKE Magic Duels Origins, which is why, in my eyes, this game is currently superior, and will remain so until the newer game on the block becomes both reasonably functional and accessible. Unless you're a 2HG fetishist, in which case this game is worthless to you."
76561198244889036,Recommended,255420,20959649,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BlueOwl,"It is hard to say yes or no about if I would recommend this game. The game is really fun. Great game play, it is MTG. Story isn't bad. Interface is easy to use. I bought the Garruk expansion, the special edition content and the innerstrad and alara dlcs. I have issues with the content. The cards are pretty limited. Also you can't unlock alara or innerstrad boosters in the single player game. I just beat the game and the expansion and I had a good time doing it. I feel that they could have put more content in, there are alot of MTG cards in the world. Also the single player story could have been longer with more card unlocks, I like to play this solo and I don't think I should be punished for that."
76561198150525373,Recommended,255420,21062993,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,VicVega5,"I like it because of Theros, i play MTG also with real cards so it helps me to understand game mechanics better."
76561198062467168,Not Recommended,255420,11619885,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,DigitalinDaniel,Bought this game today and it doesnt work. Goes to the first startup then just closes. Why is it that every game I have ever played on Steam is a total load of crap? Refunds please?
76561198117261282,Recommended,255420,15924807,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,rattfink669,i really like this
,Not Recommended,255420,11301179,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ze_Rogue,"The deck builder is a nice idea, but the fact they they have a pay to get set of cards makes it feel like they have given up on the core concepts of this game.  Also missing the best mode of all, challenge mode, this taught me so much of how to play the game and now its missing.Kinda feels like Stainless steel games just phoned this one in."
76561198070403619,Not Recommended,255420,13751918,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,collin-93,"I hope you like spending money, because after you buy this game you won't win a duel unless you buy all the boosters packs."
,Not Recommended,255420,13811844,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DynamiteHarry,Magic is always good right? No matter what its the best thing since gasping for air ... or so I thought! Actually the normal boardgame Magic is wonderful. This digital game however is not! It lets you build decks partly on the kind of cards your particular deck unlocks. This means different decks unlocks different cards to  keep the tactical advantage of building your deck OUT OF THIS GAME!Onto the verdict:+ Its Magic+ Relatively balanced starter decks- Obnoxious menu navigation ( I really mean it - the menu navigation really suck! X100)
76561198065210280,Not Recommended,255420,12908615,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,donodwg,this game takes WAY TOO much luck
76561198129642881,Not Recommended,255420,13099736,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,HiddenEyes,"Got this game as a preorder, because I'm a sucker for those. Opened up the game and was immediately blinded by the glaring white that this game has. Like every Duels game, it's covered in advertisements asking you to buy more cards both in-game and out of it. The campaign's fairly straight forward, and the deck creation's actually pretty fun. In a way, I enjoy it a bit more than DotP 2014's deck system, not because you get something more powerful but because you can do what you like and you're not stuck with those one or two decks that are straight up better than the rest.In summary, pros:Fun deck creationDecent incentive to beat everything in the form of boostersPlenty of extra battles, if not many interesting onesCons:Blindingly whiteNo 2headed giant (2v2)Enemy AI is ashamedly stupidEnemy decks usually quite beefy to make up for itPlot is kinda dumbDLC even worseBuy Duels 2014 instead. It's a much more solid game, and probably far cheaper."
,Not Recommended,255420,12805701,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,neyv,"The fact that they took out two headed giant was absolutely critical...worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever now...And you even have to buy card packs to get all the cards and it's more expensive than the whole game, like wtf..."
,Not Recommended,255420,12807367,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GregChase,No 2 Headed Giant makes this game a shadow of the former generations greatness. Back to 2013 I go
76561198128595245,Recommended,255420,13627174,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wetback,Best game 2k14 yoloswagexpress
76561198139012795,Recommended,255420,13672485,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AngelOfDeath199668,This is a good game but it is really slow and different then the other games
,Recommended,255420,22798416,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kitty bee,"This game is very addictive. I was apprehensive about playing the actual card game, and this provided a very detailed tutorial for me to understand and practice the basics of the game without feeling like an idiot."
,Recommended,255420,15118458,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sweet Lou,Jogo muito bom.
76561198088326176,Recommended,255420,15160147,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Friendly Guy,I'm a big fan of most of the previous ones but this is definitely s step back for them. 2014 was so much more enjoyable.
76561198027713618,Recommended,255420,16924181,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Aabillos,"I a big fan of Magic ... This is very dispointing:Can't create a proper deck since you can only have 1 mystic, 2 rare, 3 uncommon or 4 common of a kind in you deck and collection . I do not see why their made it os but it doesn't work.The gameplay og graphics are okayBut all in all ... It sucks... still waiting for a proper magic in the online world"
76561198031787686,Recommended,255420,16870031,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,devilmac87,great game. cant wait for the next one.
,Recommended,255420,14798871,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,✪ C.P.G,Great for learning the basic of the card game.One thing that I would of liked to see is to get access to all of the cards within the magic card game and not just magic 2015
76561198129056075,Recommended,255420,17734485,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The lone Dinosaur,Really good
76561198024570861,Recommended,255420,17957179,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Eme,Definetly worth of every penny! 5/5
76561198042165787,Recommended,255420,18565617,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MrTigg,Its fun.
76561198006844203,Recommended,255420,17669858,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,AFlyingKangaroo,"This is a good version. Combos are neat and accessible, it's worth to invest the money to unlock some cards. Decent campaign, fun multiplayer. It's much better then Origin and lot of players comeback to it and for good reasons."
,Recommended,255420,17890220,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,0ldsko0l,Having a blast with this although i do believe the AI cheats so ^^^^ bad sometimes. I am playing it on plains walker so i expect it to be hard but drawing the card you need every single time its needed is just ridiculous. All frustrations aside though it is really fun and i would recommend it just for the card library alone. I play magic duels origins as well and this has way more cards in this although i do believe the GUI on Magic Duels is a little cleaner but thats just me. still farming for some cards to build the decks i want but i should be .. only had the game 36 hours..
76561198213281499,Recommended,255420,18048013,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,alfred.roman1992,"The Good:It has a good appeal to Magic fans. With many ways to customize your deck and very smart AI. The different planes you go through are pretty cool and have there own unique challenges. It is great if your into the Magic mythos; it is a fan pleaser.The Bad:Once you unlock all the cards in your collection, then you'll be bored of this game. Your basically limited to some cards from the many different blocks. It would be better if the game had all the cards from all the blocks included in this game. I wanted to make an all enchantment deck from Theros, but I can't. Another thing is that you are restricted to how many cards your allowed in. For example, 4 commons, 3 uncommons, 2 rares, and 1 mythic rare. I don't mind much, but I do want four Quickens in my deck.The Ugly:The game is really laggy because you need a high grade processer in order to speed up the graphics. Multiplayer can be problematic when someone lags or you become disconnected constatly. If you are not a big fan of supreme lag and connection problems, then don't buy this game."
,Recommended,255420,17867757,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,[RiOT] Hoelbrak,Fun game with a lot more strategy than your typical card game.the games are nto as fast pace as games like Hearthstone etc.but it is way more of a challenge to play.glad i got it
,Recommended,255420,11760268,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Darius Burb!,"Opinion so far, well generally speaking. I've just started playing Magic the Gathering in Real Life.. It basically gives you a feel, of what to expect in real life. But about the game, I assume that's what you want to know.. It's just a card game, its better then Magic 2013, least it has instructions on how to play the basics of the card game....Would I recommend it, well yeah sure.. If you want to play with friends..I got the DLC of the game, but you know.. ""Pay To Win Theory"" Yeah, it's nothing like that. XD"
76561198009152015,Recommended,255420,11798628,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Kyle Palmer,"Good game for what you pay for. its ashame that theres no 2HG return from Duels 2014, but what you get instead is a more diverse deck package allowing you to build you own deck from a large collection of cards. As a magic player i love cracking packs, and i ashume everyone else does aswell, so it being that you gain your cards through winning campaign games and earning packs every time you do so is an awesome mechanic and i applaud wizards for doing this. Now lots of people are annoyed by the fact that you have to purchace premium packs with real money ingame to obtain certain cards, but bearing that in mind this selection of cards only equates to approx 1/6 of all the cards in this game. The cards that you can obtain through just the campaign allows for so much depth in deck building that even if you get access to the premium cards that youll only what to use a couple of them anyway.Unfortunately there are some little problems with the game. ive found that when in multiplay the ""time stop"" button is very laggy, which often misses, which is infuriating, especially if it costs you the game. Also the menu system is quite clunky to navigate through.Allin all this is a very good game at a very reasonable price, it would have been nice if there was a bit more offline gameplay options such as the sealed and 2HG from Duels 2014, and for the card collection size to be a little bit bigger, but other than that an amazing game and a great way for players new and old to enjoy playing magic at there computer.id rate this game at 8/10"
,Recommended,255420,11806770,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,B-Rex,"Not a fan of paying for premium boosters, it should also be accessible through gameplay like after beating 100 players online.The online matchmaking is a bit unstable and slow.BUT, the deckbuilding element is a strong and good addition, the set of cards available is a bit too small so there's a lot of similiar decks out there, but before you unlock all the cards it's a good challenge to help decide what should go in and what should be left out of a deck.I still enjoy it too much even though the premium boosters were a lame move...UPDATEThe premium boosters will be unlockable throug playing as soon as the update hits! Now its worth the 10€."
,Recommended,255420,11781615,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Kafka ♥,"If you're looking to buy this game for the storyline, or for the single player aspect, I wouldn't recommend it. I beat this game within a few hours, and I'm a novice magic player. The fun factor for the multiplayer, however, is great.Wizards has upped their game in the 2015 version by initially offering you a dual colored deck of your choice. The deckbuilding only expands from there. Each battle unlocks a booster pack with even more cards, and the deck builder is 100% your call, from  a selection of all of your cards from all 5 colors, and unlimited mana/land control. The cards you're able to unlock aren't bad either.Overall, not a bad game. It simply depends on what you're looking to get out of it."
,Recommended,255420,11689467,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ironwill13791,"This game is good for someone just coming into MTG and needs to learn the basics. It goes over all the colors and the pre-con decks are good to compete (on that level). I was digging the graphics which still seem to be good, but I still haven't figured out how to choose which mana is tapped for spell costs (which is frustrating).The flaws include (the above tapping issue which might just be me) the loss of game modes (2HG), and pay to win for the good cards.Still will give it a recommend though."
76561198043998750,Recommended,255420,12621864,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,RamonaReason,"Personally, I enjoyed this title very much and it's what got me into Magic in the first place. It's a neat simulation of what the actual game is like and gets new players familiar with the mechanics in an organized, clean fashion while giving flexibility to the player."
76561198109726728,Recommended,255420,13123034,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,KarmAvenger,"Good game for current MTG players but not so great for newer players that are still fresh.  Some hate it due to no 2HG(co-op) but they said they would possibly put it into a patch eventually for 2015 if not 2016 version.  I like the ability to build something that i dont normally use or have in actual cards and see how it pans out against friends.  I have a OP Kor Deck along with a Vampire deck i use when i get bored in MTG tournys.  Anywayz, food for thought!"
76561198052873209,Not Recommended,255420,13622088,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nate,"I heard that this game allowed you to finally construct your own deck, so I figured I would give it a shot while it was on sale in order to test out some deck ideas. Turns out, while this is true in the sense that you can edit all the cards in your deck, it's a blatant lie to say that you can customize it fully.From the start, you get to choose a starter deck from some very very poor options. Then in order to win booster packs, you have to compete against some much stronger constructed decks. But these booster packs are strange, labeled as this 'D15' set. That's not a real set, and seems to be their special set designed for this game. That's a clear attempt to get you to buy cards in the shop for real cash instead, just to be able to play.While pretty underhanded already, I figured I could buy a set and construct a deck, still able to build something I could test with. Against my better judgement, I decided to buy the Zendikar set, which claimed to give me access to all cards from the Zendikar set. Makes sense. However, after spending money on this, I was instead given access to only the Zendikar cards which appear in this custom 'D15' set which they've made. Meaning, I didn't get anywhere close to all the Zendikar cards which were advertised to me, and leaving the game entirely useless for real testing purposes, which is really the entire point of this game, as all the more advanced gametypes have been removed.All together, no, I don't recommend this game. I likely would have, if I received what it said it would give. But it doesn't.TLDR - They don't give you what you think you are paying for. Avoid this."
76561197961206369,Recommended,255420,13645970,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bird Wizard,"This is actually the best DOTP to date! I think its good that the bots can get amazing cards that you cant because it makes the game a challenge and thats what games are supposed to be. Sure, the game has a grindy nature but thats the point of duels. For those of you complaining about the in-game-purchases they don't do anything and can still be unlocked in game (premium boosters are now battle boosters and are unlocked by winning online matches which is good). The deck-building is amazing too as you can customize land (which is useful because the game liked to give yopu 30 lands in a 60 card deck :/) rating: 8/10 it misses out the last 2 by it not having 2HG :("
,Not Recommended,255420,21860320,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,crypticmoses,I spent over $40 on this game and still do not have all the cards.  Wow.
76561198013545551,Not Recommended,255420,12951963,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Daniel,"This is a fantastic game. But the interface ruins a lot of the fun. Casting inturrupts is annoying because sometimes the timer   is too short. Selecting cards from a large hand is annoying, because you have to get the mouse in just the right spot. An undo button should be available right after playing a land or spell.I get mana screwed far too often in this game, perhaps better coding to space lands a little more evenly would help... I usually keep a 40/20 ratio in real life and get screwed far less often than the 36/24 ratio I have to use in the game."
,Not Recommended,255420,12876873,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jade Oasis,"The lack of content is just not worth it, there are so many better, more filling and effective ways to play Magic on the computer. One of which is even on steam.Sure if you like magic you'll enjoy it well enough. But if you had the choice between a full course meal from Ihop or a McChicken for the same price..."
,Not Recommended,255420,12870096,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Myrmi83,stripped version and VERY slow UIworst game 2014
76561198021054985,Not Recommended,255420,13094930,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Shax,"One of the worst UI's in the history of video games. Mouse over that pause button whenever anything happens as you'll need it to wrangle the UI into telling what was just cast. The zoom function just plain does not work properly, it will fail to zoom in, r fail to zoom back out. Both bad when playing human opponents when you have a timed turn.As well as that the game is hosted by 1 player meaning if your on the other side of the planet expect that pause opportunity to exist for nano seconds.Do not buy. Bad, frustrating, crappy UI."
76561198012578607,Not Recommended,255420,12807261,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,puppet,"game is bad, paid for all decks to be unlocked and now i have to pay even more to unlock the other cards."
,Not Recommended,255420,12929166,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kestrel,"Duels 2015 represents a major step backward from its predecessors.  From the first moment of every startup of the game, the user is dragged through a sluggish, draconian UI that insists upon form way over function.  This philosophy is mirrored throughout almost every aspect of the game - from deck building to actually playing - the game's focus is exclusively on creating a flashy experience but not a tight, practical one.  I want to hit a menu and be in the game in less than ten seconds, dammit.  D15 makes its users sit through excruciatingly long fades and transitions at every corner.  The overall experience is totally unenjoyable.Then there's the card pool.  The Duels series has always been designed to be an introduction to Magic for new players, and in my case Duels 2012 was a massive success.  I was exposed to so many exciting, flavorful cards that were just downright cool!  The next two installments in the franchise did much the same.  D15 seems to break that trend.  Its card choices reads like a list of the most boring cards from the past several blocks.  Magic is many things to many people, but to me it's a game of discovery and expression.  On both notes D15 falls flat.It is, however, the first Duels in the series to create a strictly limited draft environment.  For you.  You're still playing against preconstructed decks.  Maybe this is just a pedantic gripe but it's a one-sided illusion of a draft experience, and not even that.  The packs aren't very reflective of paper Magic packs, and the smaller cardpool leaves a lot to be desired.There is a major upside though.  This game is dirt cheap.  The overall quality of the Duels series has been so good at such a low price that I think the developers are afforded a miss, but hopefully they've learned from their mistakes on this game.  Compared to its predecessors, it's a tragedy."
76561198007585187,Not Recommended,255420,13087011,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Validate,"Not impressed.  the wording of this.Special Edition & Complete BundleThe Special Edition includes Steam-exclusive content consisting of a soundtrack, desktop wallpapers, and an eBook ""“Theros; Godsend, Part 1” in PDF format.The Complete Bundle includes the Special Edition content, plus 300 foil stickers and the following bonus card collections:Innistrad Card CollectionTheros Card CollectionRavnica Card CollectionShandalar Card CollectionZendikar Card Collectionread avg speed. it looks like you get all this buy buying the special edition.   nope  you waste 10$ for wallpapaer and a pfd book and music. no ingame add ons.need the complete bundle which is't even available to buy. unless they mean  add all DLCs.why would they put .magic 2015  add to cartmagic 2015 special edition add to cartthen only DLCswhere is the complete bundle.  add to cart?please remove that info or redo the text to be clearer.  the Special Edition & Complete Bundle  . should show one and it's info then the other. don't put the 2 options in the same paragraph. it's misleading.and Ya i saw someone complain about all the white.  i agree. need to darken the monitor. or please have an update so we can change the background to darker color.otherwise fun to play after 3 yrs. saying no to buying this game until a few fixes. and selling info improvements"
76561198007471229,Not Recommended,255420,12908307,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Deadplate,"The worst DLC they have ever put out, No voice over. They should of just given it to us for free. Garruk's Revenge needs to be redone."
76561198058467003,Not Recommended,255420,13728563,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mckraken_phil,"I was glad that they gave the player the ability to build their own decks rather than using just prebuilt decks, like in previous iterations.  That is where my praise for the game ends.  The list of available cards is extremely limited & I found myself praising mediocre 1 drops for winning countless games.  That being said there are a few truly good cards at your disposal, if you are interested in purchasing digital booster packs with real world money.  The deck building rules for the game are too constricting and prevent players from developing decks that are actually fun and interesting to play.  You are allowed a full playset (4 cards) of commons, 3 copies of any given uncommon, 2 copies of a rare card, and only 1 copy of any mythic.  It is important to note that these deck building rules also only apply to players so the ai will be running full playsets of their win conditions at all times, if not more.  The single player campaign is incredibly sluggish and tedious.  You will more than likely find yourself playing the same match over and over again because your bargain bin control deck and limited removal power just can't answer that 5th mythic rare bomb the ai dropped.  This game is terrible.  Save your money.  Play Hearthstone.  Not kidding."
76561198044907629,Not Recommended,255420,13856243,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Righteousbro,"Again, the gameplay is bugged. Still the same bugs appearing (freezing up in the middle of spellcasting) that have been in the game since the 2013 version. It would seem to me that these kind of bugs should have been found and solved before the release.Also the unlocking of cards is kind of random now, whereas in older versions you could more easily play the decks (colours) you'd want and unlock the cards a bit faster. The new ""battle boosters"" seem to be more or less random, which makes it more like ""real"" magic. But that was never really the point in this arcade type of game.Oh well. bought it for some gaming and didn't expect much. It is really a shame that the bugs (which cost me a perfectly winnable game at least twice, possibly more) are still in the game."
76561198079699482,Not Recommended,255420,12882033,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ChemicalElement,"So I recommend that you do not buy the Special Edition.  I just wasted $19.99 expecting that I will get all the features includes in the special edition like the dlc and some foil cards.  I got nothing, so basically I paid an extra $10 to get the basic version of the game.I also cannot file a complaint with Steam because whenever I try to open a support issue the game cannot be found on the list they provide."
,Not Recommended,255420,12809268,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Counterfeit Decoy,"This version does let you build your own deck but it sacrifices a lot of the good of the previous versions to do it.  It is very bland and most games do not feel like you are playing but instead seeing if you are going to get mana screwed or not.The design is obviously ported from a console build, the obvious sign that the interface will be♥♥♥♥♥♥is the classic ""Press Start"" type screen.  If you want to play Duels, go back to the 2014 version."
,Not Recommended,255420,14361528,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,orz,"I wanted to like this game so much, but it's just not worth the price.You don't get access to 'all' the cards (AI opponents get access to cards not available to players), the AI has a horribly visible bias on their starting hands, and the game is very prone to crashing.   A LOT of the significant cards are behind paywall.It's convenient to play with friends at a distance, though, the invite system via steam makes matchmaking very simple.It's not as good as 2014, worth getting only if on sale."
,Not Recommended,255420,14656859,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Snacky Chan,"I've commented on this game before, but it was the same as everyone else's critcism. So here's something different:This is a good game for those who have never played DotP before. You have a limited assortment of cards you can choose from, it helps you with building your own deck, and the card repetoire isn't filled with convoluted spells that might confuse beginners.They've since improved the ""pay to win"" premium packs and allowed players to win them in Multiplayer games. I think this was a wise decision, because it will fill the online servers with more players than it would've had before.The biggest critcism about the older DotP is you're stuck with the select decks given to you. You don't have much freedom with how the decks are built. The thing is, you're actually given a lot of choice with what you play: Want to play with Zombies? Here's a deck with 30 unlockable cards. How about Slivers? Cool, here you go. You are limited in what you can play in the decks, but if you're building a casual elven deck, are you going to play Llanowar Elves/Elvish Mystic? You probably are, so the game includes cards like that.They didn't allow you to play a ""powerful White/Green"" deck because they wanted each deck to have a theme.The problem this specific game faces is that it doesn't have any specific themes in the card repetoire given to you. You can try to make a mill deck, but there aren't enough good mill cards. A mono-red burn deck isn't viable because there are only one or two solid burn spells. Reanimation isn't worth it.You need to always play a well-balanced deck with a good amount of creatures complimented with some removal spells. That's the best deck you can make.While this game helps beginners build decks and understand what's a strong spell or not, experienced players will not enjoy the changes from 2014. There are far too many issues with the game itself to enjoy it."
76561198128766685,Not Recommended,255420,16395202,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Alex Jones,"Its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ get hearthstone, its free and better"
,Recommended,255420,32586640,Posted: 20 June,all,Mr.Beyond,"I mean, I enjoyed it.  Spent some time with it."
76561198120189017,Not Recommended,255420,11974948,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,V'doy,Game has to many bugs in it!!
,Recommended,255420,15783757,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Astrid Du Mortyra,so good i came sideways
76561197968510420,Not Recommended,255420,15880483,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cornwallis,Terrible game. I have nothing useful to write here. Magic 2013 was the best.
76561198052414421,Not Recommended,255420,15282033,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Prefontaine,"The single player aspect is fair fun, but the design for the online play is complete garbage. The designers/coders really screwed up big time. The game selection interface is complete garbage, it randomly will lock up when it fails to find a game (and it fails a ton) so the only way to get out is to close the program, or go into your deck builder so it forces you to the game menu. This happens about 1/4 failed matches, and you'll join a match probably about 1/4 times you try so your game will likely lock up at least once between ever game with a different player you find. Also, sometimes the game will just randomly crash when you try to search for a game, If the interface wasn't programmed by children, the game might be playable online, but as it stands it'll simply be an exercise in frustration. Not to mention if you get to actually play, the moment you start to win, or if they don't like their hand, they just leave. As there's no penalty for mass-leaving games until you get the perfect hand, this will be what you get to play against after the massive struggle to actually get a game.1/5 stars."
76561198005851264,Not Recommended,255420,15311293,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,[TESTO] Mazai,"If you are not new to magic, this game has EXTREMElY slow start. If you want to play multiplayer with your friends, you are forced to complete tutorials and part of single-player campaing first. This is really annoying for those looking just to play online with friends and for people coming from older versions of Magic. Highly dissapointed with this setup, also seems to be designed with consoles in mind and made for PC with left handed attitude."
76561198026542521,Not Recommended,255420,15325612,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,NUTZ,After how bad this was I don't care if the next one is free that just means it will suck worst then this one
,Not Recommended,255420,15338152,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Queronimo,"This is an okay game, but if you want to get into Magic, then I'd recommend buying DotP 2014, which is in a lot of ways superior to this game. Besides, if you're already into Magic, and you're looking for a different approach to playing, I don't think this game is even worth the 10 bucks."
76561198071428038,Not Recommended,255420,14893382,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,saucE,The Pro'sDeck building.The Con'sThe game
76561198084828552,Not Recommended,255420,14968527,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SloweyeJoe,hmmmm.  still weak
,Not Recommended,255420,15243017,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Wubilicious,"I bought this game for a friend, and we both almost thought the game was a DLC. It really ♥♥♥♥ed with us. I don't reccommend the cover, but I think the game is alright."
,Not Recommended,255420,15025411,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MadScientist,"AS much as I love the Paper game of MTG the AI is this game is obscene. The expansion is basically unbeatable as you have no sideboard, can't edit your deck. You just play until the computer gets the worst hand possible and you get the best hand possible. Strategy doesn't matter as you are predestined to lose each match."
76561198001853156,Not Recommended,255420,15669321,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,dotori242,"Worst magic the gathering i've played in my 8 years of playing. Design that delays its so called feature that allow free building combined with blatant pay to win micro-transaction makes you feel nothing less than infuriated the whole time playing. Menu screams incompetence which nearly rivals sonic freerider menu. The range of deck that is available is very few unless you pay for shiny cards and unlockables are fewer than ever. Online feature sports less feature than any of the previous installments, If you are one of those duelers, good luck since lags and pause button abuse will make you want to play princess maker instead. Stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,255420,14812215,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Abdul Alhazred,"You get trapped into only one starter deck without anything telling you. Which forces you to grind through the campaign with the same deck until you can unlock the ""create your own deck."" But by then you won't have any fun cards and your starter deck will be ""better."" If you are struggling on a certain match you can try sideboarding in a few things, but chances are you don't have the kind of cards you would need to make that viable. Go play any of the previous years magics, this one is not worth your time."
76561198080776004,Not Recommended,255420,14945525,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,g_beijer,"Not much content, worst one of this serie so far...."
76561198024573874,Not Recommended,255420,15535798,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vexirk,"I am very disappointed. Bought all games of  this line before, but this one was the worst. I know i was stupid, but i felt cheated buying the expansion packs, only to learn that they were useless and i would have to pay again to bay the needed ones.Not good!"
76561198139348782,Not Recommended,255420,14904074,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,xxblackjackelxx,"when i first desided to buy this game i had the greatest hopes for it, i thought it was gana be this massive selection of cards that could be made into so many great decks. o was i wronge what i found when i opened up the game was this small collection of cards that made these completly boring decks. dont get me wronge i loved the series befor but now its not even fun, its just a buy to win game, any good cards have to be bought and that wasnt what i was looking for in this game"
76561198104535134,Recommended,255420,17313326,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Lontum,"Decently fun, but wait for it to come out on steam sale. Ignore the DLC though.Still waiting for the return of Planechase from Magic 2013."
,Recommended,255420,11281236,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Limey21,"My first magic game, enjoying it so far."
,Not Recommended,255420,11608992,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The Angry Hamster,"If you liked Magic 2014, don't bother with this one.Pros:- Can build your own deckCons:- Menus take excessively long to become interactive- Card selection is poor at best- The 'best' cards are only available through the premium boosters of which you only ever get one- Campaign rewards feel weak, especially the final 'boss' gameJust avoid it. I wish I had."
76561198086020643,Recommended,255420,12824691,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Chosen Undead,"If you want the ability to create decks with a decent amount of cards, this game is a good choice. Although Magic 2015 has lost a great deal of fun for multiplayer (taking out 2v2) it is still the best for playing how you like. If your new to the game green and yellow is a good starter deck however, the start is a bit of a challenge on weaker colours."
76561198037436402,Not Recommended,255420,12769496,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,mlbolin,"Nothing speical here to see.No story line, no real deck building."
76561198005641859,Recommended,255420,12792459,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,trueRage,"Very nice for 10€ .  Deckbuilding + AI + multiplayer.Limited Card pool is actually  a good thing for the beginner/workers.Spent a couple of  weeks  playing this almost  every evening  and enjoyed every minute of the campaign necessary to unlock the non-premium cards (why should you pay for instant-unlock?!?! this game is actually about playing magic!!).Asking more from a 10€ game  is pure madness ,  a 2 hours movie is  8€ at the theater....Now with expansion  premium cards will be available without paying.  Will cash in another 10-20 hours of play.."
,Recommended,255420,11292897,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Caelus,"review updated 21/07/2014 based on furthur experience of game.*>>>>review changed to positive thumbs up, would recommend<<<<*(although still affected by negative points)firstly, this was origonally negative review, and i still absolutely HATE the start of the game were they FORCE you to play singleplayer mode for ages before you can unlcok any part of the game.reason for origonal anger of the game,* no customisation at start, force to play singleplayer to unlock deck building* no multiplayer at start, forced to play single player to unlock that* controls feel clunky, seriously have to hammer the mouse button for it to register my select clicks^ given those facts, think of how i felt when i brought this game for multiplayer and didnt even want to touch the singleplayer aspect whatsoever!i wanted hto create my custom deck and play against real opponents. not play a rubbish deck that was entirely useless with cards i didnt choose and be forced to slog out in matches against dumb boring AI.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ok, thats all the negative points, and its also basically a look back on my last review which was negative.now, as you may tell the review has changed to positive, thumbs up.reasons being below* it has more customisation than any DoTP game (when you reach it)(also i said DoTP, not MTGO which beats this for customisation hands down)so freedom of choice in building your own decks and meeting unique decks that other players build.although i think theres maybe lots of cards missing, i certainly couldnt find some select cards i knew from MTGO that i wanted, maybe have to unlock them though.* multiplayer is good, currently missing 2 head giant but they could add it in future maybe in a update (if they do) but tbh i like 4 player free for all better anyway.this is better than DoTP 2014 .. but thats just my opinion. no more relying on pre built bot decks, make your own :) thats good and the only way magic should be played!"
,Recommended,255420,12789780,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Scyan,"For beginner Magic The Gathering players I recommend this game. It introduces you to both pre-built decks with the chance to customise them or create an entirely new one by yourself. Due to the limited card pool it also makes initial decision making for combos etc a lot easier however as an advanced player it will be the less obvious combos that win you games. The campaign is relatively easy but can get tricky if a viable deck is not being used which is understandable for any campaign. It can be a bit tedious to get all the cards but it adds more satisfaction when you collect every single one. Even if you get bored there is still achievments, avatars and titles which can be unlocked through gameplay. However with all of these positives I don't however recommend this for veteran players unless you enjoy a limited card pool. There are also frequent glitches that cause me to exit the game when navigating menus every 30-60 minutes. I myself thoroughly enjoy the game and like finding those combos and deck combinations that most others will miss."
,Recommended,255420,12999989,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Princess Principal,I CAN'T STOP PLAYING THIS GAME SEND HELP
,Recommended,255420,11325464,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,insinr8ing,"There are so many bad reviews of this game, it's ridiculous.  Most of it is about petty stuff overblown.  For some you'll have to go into the config file and change the defaults for display.  I had to do that with all the Magic for PC releases.  It's not something outside the average PC gamer's accumen to have to open the config file in notepad and change resolution, fullscreen, or refresh rate so that the game opens properly.  It's also not uncommon to have to complete a tutorial (for which they reward you with with a few cards.), or have to complete at least the first tier of campaign to get access to your premium unlocks or boosters.  That being said, if you bought the complete bundle your collection was stocked the moment you defeat Avycyn at the end of the first tier of the campaign.   It's so well stocked in fact that there's almost no use in buying premium boosters.  There were more than enough cards to build many good decks.  So i was relieved to not be riddled with microtransactions.  I don't see where people who buy premium boosters will have much advantage over anyone who had bought the complete bundle, or were patient enough to slowly unlock it all in the campaign.   Bottom line...buy the complete bundle, and pay to play issues won't be a problem.  Many complaints were also out about having a starter deck at first.  Once you've finished the first tier you can go build custom decks from scratch from the collection.  Plenty of cards for good decks, and cards in decks share to other decks automatically.  The deck builder is decent and filterable.  If you don't like some aspects of the interface and ai (like auto lands or lengthy animations) the settings panel lets you turn them off. Aside from not having customizable backgrounds, and acknowledging no mp 2hg... i'd say this edition has lost little and gained much.  Deckbuilding and multiplayer make this worth the price at the complete bundle...cheaper than buying real cards.  If you liked the last edition, or just enjoy MTG, then this is pretty awesome after about an hour of tutorial and tier 1 of campaign.  I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars..."
76561198011151184,Recommended,255420,12964197,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sigismund,"If you like Magic, then you'll probably hate this game because you hate Magic.If you don't like Magic, then why are you even reading this review?"
,Recommended,255420,12665597,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Exxoduss,"It is the Games first good attempt at multiplayer custom decks... As far as I am concerned they did a decent job... still has some bugs and the game needs small tuning, like the ability to switch your deck while in a session with another player without having to leave the multiplayer connection.. they also need to add the 2 headed giant game mode and a planeswalker game mode would be nice as well. as these are not implemented into the game, hopefully soon they will... There also needs to be more at stake within the multiplayer matches such as anting up a rare card of your collection and loosing it for good if you lose, as alot of players like to prematurly leave matches at the slightest twinge of anxiety. and thet ALSO need to get rid of the computer taking over for said quitters when they rage quite. Other then these percpectives the game is very well constructed and I am glad to see fully customizable decks introduced into multiplayer matches."
,Recommended,255420,12812376,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,zarreph,"Would not have recommended before the change to ""premium boosters"" (now ""battle boosters""). There are no longer cards you have to spend money to acquire (aside from the Alara cards in the Garruk's Revenge expansion). The cards that previously came in a Premium Booster are now unlocked by beating players in online multiplayer.UI is certainly sluggish, and when the stack gets a few spells on it it can be difficult to target the permanent you want with the mouse. Gameplay is right on par with the 2014 version, but the ""set"" seems to have more instants and creatures with effects than 2014. Being able to build your own deck(s) is a feature that should've been included for a long time now, and the loss of 2HG, or Sealed, or Planechase (etc etc) is not worth this feature, but it is fun to have ""your"" deck and open cards in boosters that would be perfect for it."
76561198014326812,Recommended,255420,11755286,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,KillerB,"The fact you can now build your own decks... is GREAT. People complaining that you're stuck with a color you choose in the beginning, obviously haven't explored the game enough. Other than removing 2 headed giant from multiplayer, it's a solid game. Great game."
76561197971432619,Recommended,255420,11413687,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Garick,"Before we begin: I bought the basic game version in which you have to unlock everything, and my review is based on that. At time of this posintg I have 90% of cards unlocked, and I've played plenty of multiplayer.Short answer: 7/10. The core of the game delivers as promised, but certain aspects of the UI need polish, and certain design desicions will upset people.Pros-Full deck customisation: You can choose exactly what cards from your collection you want in the deck, with full 5 color support if you so choose. You can add lands in any combintion. The editor even lets you do stupid things like add Islands to an all red deck. The editor stat breakdown make things like your mana curve and color wighting clear.-AI knows what it is doing: the AI is fantastic, easily on par with DotP 2014 but entirely capable of dealing with the literally infinite combination of deck designs-Match UI performance improvement: The playfield UI responds much better. There is no real framerate lag to be had, unlike previous games.-Card collecting mechanic: You are rewarded bosters for single player or multiplayer matches. Cards are obtained in random boosters, however the game ensures it does not give you card you cannot use (like a 5th copy of the same common). This makes the grinding relatively painless as you dont end up with hundreds of dead cards. As a result the grind is the least severe of all DotP games.Cons:-Out of game UI is horrible: There is no persistent multiplayer lobby. You cannot change decks while in a multiplayer lobby. Menu transitions are incredibly slow for no apparent reason due to a weird 'fade to white' transition effect. All of these are direct steps backward from 2014 and are very unlikely to get fixed. All in all this adds a lot of annoyance to playing.- No cards for losing multi: This is mostly a quality of life thing, but you cannot earn cards for say losing x matches in multi, or even coming second in a 4 player game. This forces you to grind away in single player just to be competative. It makes getting new people involved in the game difficult-Certain game modes missing: This is not so much an issue for me as others, but sealed deck and Two-Headed Giant modes are both gone, and man is the internet butthurt about it. A lot of the negative opinion of the game is being generated by this point alone.-Some cards only obtainable through real cash transaction, or not obtainable at all: AI have cards in their decks you cannot collect, and odd choice considering it would literally be flicking a switch to make them obtaininable in a booster (they would have to be fully coded for the AI to use them). Some cards only accesible by RMT, and then its randomised booster. Since you cannot collect junk copies of cards you'd need to spend about 30 bucks on premium boosters to get everything. A lot of negative community opinion is that this is P2W, but frankly its not a big deal, the cards arent essential.All in all, the game is fantastic, but definitely read up on the difference in features before making a purchase. If you don't care about two headed giant and like the single player AI, then you will definitely like this game."
,Recommended,255420,12823648,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Alectron,"Having never played the previous installments, I can safely say that I enjoyed this game."
76561198116676030,Not Recommended,255420,12702276,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mateo-larrim,the main problem is the huge card limitation they give you. besides that the game is nice with the exception of major game crashing bugs and pointless animations DO NOT BUY THIS.
76561198064483296,Not Recommended,255420,12805703,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tapetklister,to remove 2HG was the biggest mistake they could do! also that u have to pay to get some specific card and worst is that u get random cards from it. startin to become abit pay to win game....
76561198075008318,Recommended,255420,11295568,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ashcarr,"Now that I've unlocked all the cards and played a few rounds of online with other people, I felt like writing up a review for this since it's a drastic departure from the other Duels games.The presentation of the game is wonderful. I like the new look, but like every previous entry it still suffers from being slow. The menus are slow, the game is slow for the first turn or two once you get into a game, and navigating menus is quite bothersome due to how many sub menus you sometimes have to click through to get where you want to be.Deck building has at long last arrived. That would be a good thing, if they didn't try stretching a 298 card list to cover a basic archtype for each color pairing. While there can be some crossover between different archtypes, most cards will fall into a very specific subset that it places the deck building process on a set of rails. Do you want to build a graveyard themed green/black deck? You can do that, but there are only a handful of cards that will really make this type of deck work. The deck building process is so limited that I almost would say there are preconstructed decks. Still, at least they give us the illusion of choice, right?The campaign itself is very fun. I was thrilled to see that they had added cutscenes. (Hey, Wizards! I'd still like to see a computer animated Magic movie!) The campaign inserted a few battles akin to the challenges from the previous entry which I feel really helped break up the campaign some instead of playing either regular duels or the challenges.I'm a long time Magic player so the initial difficulty didn't seem to affect me, but I had a couple friends try this out as an introduction to Magic and both have been struggling with the initial tutorial. The beginning decks are absolute garbage with very weak creatures and very little to no synergy between them, making the first real duel a struggle. I had to step in and tell one friend what to do turn by turn and apply some more advanced understanding of Magic to help them beat the first red/green deck at the end of the tutorial. That's absolutely inexcusable, especially when it's set to the easiest difficulty.Finally, let's talk about the elephant(s) in the room.People are absolutely infuriated that they decided to put in premium packs. Yes, I understand that every other Duels game you paid $10 and got to play and eventually unlock everything. And yes, the premium packs could have costed $0.50 or $1, but then I started thinking that no matter what, this game is still a far less expensive investment than paper Magic or MTGO. And if you don't want to pay for the premium packs? Don't! There are only a select few cards that I could argue are reasonably worthwhile from the premium packs anyway. Squadron Hawks, Think Twice, Hall of Triumph, Skullcrack, Stoneforge Mystic, and Kozilek are the only things in there that are generally useful. The rest are win more cards and junk that wouldn't make the cut in a highly optimized deck anyway.2HG was removed from the game. While I'm bummed about it, it doesn't change that I'll get about as many hours out of this as I would any of the previous Duels. If this is the *only* mode you enjoy playing I would definitely stay away.Speaking of things being removed I was disappointed to see that we didn't get any gimmicky format. Conspiracy had released recently so I was almost expecting to get that in here. Alas, all we have are duels and FFA multiplayer.Now, I know I just got done listing off a whole bunch of things wrong with the game, but overall, it's about what I expect from any other Duels game. It's something to play a few games of casual Magic with and to get friends into Magic (though you should help them with that first tutorial fight so they can start unlocking cards and replace the trashy deck). To everyone else who are looking for more formats, more cards, and higher challenges come join me on MTGO!"
,Recommended,255420,12978404,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HashyMcDabbz,"You dont end up with this many hours playing this game without it being good!I have been playing Magic for years as well as the games on pc and honestly this is one of the better Magic games Wizards has to offer.My only complaint is......Oh wait,I can't find anything to complain about.JUST PLAY IT"
,Recommended,255420,11648466,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,leoflame11,"This game is garbage, have not played it since i bought it, such a waste of money!!!!"
76561198035701070,Recommended,255420,11753723,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gaze of Flame,"For a person interested in getting into MTG then i would say this is a good buy. You get to learn at a good pace and see what range of cards, abillites, and focuses there are and to pick 1 or 2 that you feel comfortable in without buying a deck and finding out that you don't suit the colour or focus that deck has. It also gives you an introduction into building a deck form scratch and if you are looking to get into MTG properly then it is an invaluable skill which should be learnt.As for the experienced MTG players out there this game would only act as another base on which to play, but with the added restrictions of the cards avalible in which to build a deck from.On the whole I think it is a nice starting point for people looking to get into the Magic universe and a good place to learn and play about with the 2015 set so it gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198065912719,Recommended,255420,11758131,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Gaatsu,"I would definetelly recommend this game.For a cheap price, you can re play to magic if you were an old gamer.In this version, beeing able to create your own game from scratch is a big improvement compared to Magic 2014.Ok, you have some bugs (that should be fix with dlcs I hope) & not al the cards are playable (especially the ones used by the IA).But the fun is there. It is really enjoyable."
76561198135749886,Recommended,255420,12360045,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,EqaaL,"Magic 2015 is as good as every other magic, but if you prefer to play with your friends together I recommend magic 2013 or magic 2014 cause 2HG"
,Not Recommended,255420,11279692,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cinder,"rofl this turned hilariously pay to win good luck getting through campaign with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ commons your only viable option is to churn out another 20 bucks to these jews in order to  unlock all the cards gg wp Magic. Also if your a veteran Magic DoTP player then look away this game is definatley catering to noobies with  literally a FORCED tutorial and  obnoxius tips and hints [i selected A lot when it asked how much m,agic i played stop this tips and hints crap already] and worst of all the deck customization is a COMPLETE letdown of all the good cards that are in cirrculation right now you get NONE of them instead you get to pick the unwanted crappy commons most players use as coasters/toilet paper  dont expect to have fun with actually INTERESTING decks like [ the ones they give the NPC's] rakdos ,mono black devotion bounce and burn or blue mill. The cards that you get have ZERO synergy with one another but your just expected to throw all the ""stronk"" cards[ a 3/3 vainlla for 4 mana inst strong and you know it] into a deck i found myself constantly jealous and envious of the NPC's decks in story mode it it hurt even more knowing id never be able to duplicate them due to poor selection of cards also btw due to♥♥♥♥♥♥cards dont expect to beat the story mode any time soon unless you buy the DLC'sTL;DR  -2/10 save your money for the next one hopefully theyll actually listen to the community this time"
76561198050677968,Recommended,255420,11628523,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,chip,"I like the deckbuilding freedom that this version allows. The cards you start off with are not super, but I was able to beat the campaign without having to spend any money. I unlocked a lot more cards along the way, so now I have enough to make several decks that can win games. I think this game is perfect for a casual MtG player who likes deck building but only wants to spend $10."
76561198073873158,Not Recommended,255420,12559650,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sky Shift,Sinking from a quick blast with powerful decks in DOTP 2013/2014 to grinding for sad cards in an attempt to make the empty decks thrown at you playable in 2015.Play DOTP 2013/2014 to experience this series at its best.
,Recommended,255420,30254777,Posted: 28 February,all,ketchupnickel,awesome
,Recommended,255420,11555326,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,KungFuMonkey52,"Great game, especially for $10!There are some flaws in the GUI that I am hoping will be fixed in updates (e.g. zooming in on cards while in deck builder).  Overall though, this is a good improvement over Magic 2014.  Most notably, the deck builder is much better!  In Magic 2015, you can mix whatever cards you like together.  You are no longer restricted to stay within select cards for a given deck nor are you forced to stick to one mana type.  Finally, the gates are great (lands that provide multiple mana types)."
76561198070559947,Recommended,255420,11437584,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ToiletBewbs,Game is funa as hell!
,Recommended,255420,14525466,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Nemzy,You are a wizard
,Recommended,255420,11436303,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Bedford™,its a really good game
,Recommended,255420,11432317,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,shotthesherriff,"As somone who has not played MTG in a few years i found this game to be amazing. The deck creation tool gives you a very underrated amount of freedom. I think the micro transactions are a better option for some players, but for those who want to spend their time grinding through the planes and collecting cards the booster reward system is a very rewarding experience. I suggest to pick a random deck at the start, I began with blazing intellect and lost to vampires over and over again. After a couple of booster packs your options really start to open up. After finishing the first plane you should be able to craft more than one duo colored deck. They will be mediocre at first but over time you will find yourself building and tweaking decks for specific encounters. This game is seriously extreme."
76561198047981089,Recommended,255420,11487250,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,PallyBass,I just bought the game and I am enjoying it. 10 bucks is a nice buy to be able to play with alot of magic cards. Recomended for casual players that dont want to pay much to experience Magic.
76561198053272357,Recommended,255420,11630320,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Special Edition Foil Steve,"MTG 2015 is a net gain of zero for Wizards of the Coast.  In a nutshell, the expanded deck builder and revamped multiplayer came at the expense of playability and variety.  The DOTPW series remains a better option than traditional MTG or MTG online for players who don't want a large investment of time and money, but it is far from perfect.The Good:MTG 2015 did and excellent job on the deck builder/booster packs.  Booster packs are now earned following most campaign and multiplayer matches, and the set complements the base decks very well.  The multiplayer mode is much improved in terms of speed and reliability.  Unfortunately, the planechase and two-headed giant modes have not been replaced, but the faster gameplay is a welcome improvement.  Pay-to-play is still present, but has been scaled back to allow success without additional spending.The Bad:The user interface and menus are fashioned after a tablet OS.  Regardless of your gear, it responds as a touchscreen tablet would: slow, stuttered, and at times unresponsive.  Visually, it is appealing (provided you maximize the graphics), but after a few minutes of navigating the menus you won't care.The mandatory tutorial would be bearable were it not for the voiceover.  Think nagging mother meets special education.The Ugly:One of the most frustrating themes of the series is an apparent lack of play-testing.  MTG 2015 is no exception; browse the forums and you will see thread after thread lambasting Wizards of the Coast for their shoddy execution.  Beyond the more obvious glitches, a number of poor choices in button  placement and user interface render the gameplay clumsy, yet unforgiving.  One of the more glaring oversights is the continue button: as your main phase comes to an end, the continue button becomes the skip attack button.  This sort of haphazard design should never have made it into the final product.The Funny?:The script is hilarious.  I'm sure this wasn't their intention, but it is laughably bad.  The best part about beating the game was the three minutes of mouth-breathing, sophomore attempts at fantasy writing.  The game is worth beating, if for no other reason than hearing this gem of a script.When all is said and done, the game is still worth its price.  For $10, you get access to a wide variety of cards and decks, all of which can be used in an improved multiplayer.  The user interface and gameplay seem to have regressed in functionality, but the game looks good.  Gameplay issues aside, DOTPW remains a quicker and cheaper alternative to other MTG venues.  Consider this title recommended with reservations."
76561198052723310,Recommended,255420,12569359,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Grimbourne,Interface designed for a phone not Steam so kind of a pain to navigate and control but other wise good old magic.
76561198011233902,Not Recommended,255420,13748248,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mortlach,"Bought this game for the sole purpose of playing against my wife. The amount of hoops you have to jump through to be allowed to play multiplayer games is ridiculous. I've played MtG for a decade, so I was already annoyed that I couldn't skip the tutorial, and then to figure out we both have to beat the stage 1 boss before we can do multiplayer was very frustrating. Games should not be frustrating. Uninstalling this game now and going back to MtG 2014! Very disappointing!"
76561198075675595,Recommended,255420,12356548,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mhik VII,good game al around i just would like to see more cards to use may be some dlc packs of the newest setts
76561197982783003,Recommended,255420,12449053,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dark_elbion,"I really like magic 2015. Specially to play with friends! I have seen no bugs so far at all in 2015, as 2013 would get stuck sometimes after a long battle wich would be pretty annoying. I love the option to make youre on deck just the way YOU want it. It feels much more real for me. Ive seen crazy combo's and ive made some lovely decks myself. The only minor point is the micro transactions and that you have to do the first campain before you can go multiplayer. On the other hand it makes ppl practice before they start multiplaying...wich also seems fair. Choose the started deck well cos youre gonne be stuck for it for at least the first campain.  *Kitsuneki salute*"
76561198048483198,Recommended,255420,12715774,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,mikeyjoints,"THIS WAS THE BEST MAGIC GAME TO DATE.I saw a lot of reviews saying you HAVE to buy to win. I bought not one card and i beat the game on the hardest difficulty using NO BOUGHT CARDS ```|__(''/)__|```Campaign was addicting and medium-long; however after campaign was over it fell flat. Using only one set of cards is limiting for the game devs i bet. There could've been more opponent AI. Wish multiplayer had a server i could lurk in to chat and find other players. Taht being said, im very happy to make my own deck out of any of the cards.Im 28 so hanging out at the local card shop is not really my forte.Im glad i could flex my magic again against cpus.As a vet i had to turn off some of the auto cast/damage select functions to maximize my jank."
76561198043084798,Recommended,255420,11349236,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ho-oh-rules,"Update for the 26/11/2014So the new dlc is out, got some nice cards with it but same problems i had when it first came out.Lots of lovely cards at the AI's disposal but you have no access to them? I mean these cards are clearly in the coding, so why not let me unlock them in game? So many times i fight a deck that has loads of cards perfect for my deck but i cant use them becuse there not in the ""collection"".Then there is the ""top decking"" nature of the AI. Always seems to have the perfect card to screw you.Still looking for cards from Magic 2014 as well, please please please give us a dlc for that.Still a 7 out of 10, i'd recommend but you are going to feel the same frustration i have.Original reviewWhat can i say, its a good game but it feels lacking again, just like the previus ones in the same way. I want more cards, not some poxy collection of genericly good cards with some pre ordaned deck types.Im happy to recomend it but its distinctly 7 out of 10. Yes you may have added a deck builder, but its boring when there are no fun cards to work with. I'm finding myself looking for cards from Magic 2014 that havnt been put in the game, and crying a little inside when i find there not in the ""collection"". That coupled with the fact the ai can seem very 1 sided in boss fights, yea no.I hope there will be some sort of updates to make it much more enjoyable."
76561197973757535,Recommended,255420,11349744,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,|KS|TheINfest,"Well the game is like the others, which is good. BUT not only is the menu swapping slow as crap, but they took out 2-Headed Giant.....FAIL!!! Was also expecting this to follow the actual game itself for once, if you call this Magic2015, then make it that, dont include cards from many sets that are not even valid in standard. Theros and its expansion sets should have been the only ones included, and then add DLC as the 2015 sets come out."
76561198045625752,Not Recommended,255420,16284666,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NoX86,No two headed giant? No party!
,Recommended,255420,11530549,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Reds,It's $10 just buy it.
,Recommended,255420,12798476,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GreenKnight,"Great game for the money this much magic is a steal, best year yet excited for expansion."
76561197990084056,Not Recommended,255420,29541053,Posted: 28 January,all,RainbowKiss,"Worst menu layout ive ever seen, like rly rly ♥♥♥♥ing bad. the ""new"" cards added are old card gameplay is decent i guess. 2/10 ign offical"
76561198136962822,Recommended,255420,11426729,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,sedonadevin,"The single player campaign was easy and short.  Kind of disapointing since the Duels of the Planeswalkers from 10 years ago was better.  Game play is slow and tedious.I give it a 5 ona scale of 1-10 just because I love Magic the Gathering.  Otherwise it gets a 3,  if you don't love Magic dont waste your time."
,Recommended,255420,11399459,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Shinylukario,"This is a great game, just beware of selfish rage quitters."
,Recommended,255420,11353819,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Trios,"I was expecting more from this game considered how Magic 2014 was. But in my opinion the game has some good and bad parts.pros:- you can create your deck how you want to , you will not have that feeling like when you have a limited deck like in Magic2014 and you see a great card in an other deck that fits in your deck but you can't add it. in Magic2014 when you fight an opponent and see the first card he plays you immediatly know what deck he uses.- now the card collection is farmed faster , you get a booster with 10 cards not just 1 card like Magic 2014- in multi-player i saw you don't receive boosters so if you play with your friends will not matter who wins that much. in Magic 2014 the winner receives a card , so you want to win at all costs.- same price- less overpowered cards like ""destroy all creatures , destroy all creatures and destroy all creatures for a cheap cost"" and other cards like Primordial Hydracons:- the interface moves slow..- you have to buy some boosters to finish the collection but you dont receive copies of maxed cards so its a bit of a good stuff here also- they removed 2 vs 2 option but still if you play with a friend you can communicate to not attack each other"
,Recommended,255420,11399404,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Maze skinhub.com,"If you enjoyed the previous versions, you will enjoy this.Custom deck creation is great, sorry for the lack of effort put into this review."
76561198105363591,Recommended,255420,11493912,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,xXtremeHunteRr,awsome
76561198016999413,Recommended,255420,11413235,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,sky_sun_moon3,"I just cant believe they dont have 2v2. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The decks are terrible, UI is clunky, storymore is boring."
,Recommended,255420,11335633,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,>=SF=< Starcrossed Princess,"**First off, I've beaten the game, and I play every battle on Planeswalker difficulty (the hardest)**This game is one that takes some getting used to.  First off, you get to choose a starting deck to begin with, and you can only use those colors, and that deck until you've cleared the first plane (which is Innistrad btw).  Then, after you defeat Avacyn, you can access any other cards you've unlocked (like I did after purchasing the complete edition).Once you've done that, you can explore the plane you were just on (which is the first option in the plane list, but it doesn't unlock until you've beaten the plane's boss), and get boosters from that plane to add to your card pool.Then, the game gets a bit more fun.Now, they removed 2 headed giant, but I never really played that variation, and if you go back to Magic 2014, that was one of the main things, because you team up with Chandra to fight the main enemy, so that was kind of their thing.I'm sure it'll be added at some point, but until then, the game gives you the option to make your own deck, which is a very nice change, instead of just modifying another precon that is still limited in what you can add.The game itself plays solid, although sometimes the flashy screens do require multiple clicks to get it to register, which can be frustrating.As for the gameplay, I've noticed that your difficulty does affect how the opponent reacts.  On the easier ones, I've noticed they will sometimes not attack even if they can get a clear shot through, while on the harder ones, their skill is bumped up considerably.The most frustrating part of the game is when it seems that your opponent always gets key cards that just obliterate you on the harder difficulties, but that also forces you to consider alternative methods of play.  You have to play more cautiously, as they will drop cards you don't expect.  In this game, you may have to take new hands a couple of times, until you get a workable hand.  You get one friendly 7 mulligan, then it starts penalizing you by reducing the # of cards you draw each time you mulligan, but you can reset this by simply restarting the duel.While in general, DOTP is a great game for introducing people to Magic: The Gathering, this game does raise the difficulty, which I found refreshing, as in previous games, playing at the hardest difficulty I just obliterated the AI.One thing I didn't like, is how some opponents (namely, Kiora and Garruk, as well as others) use the old-school dual lands (Bayou - GB, Tropical Island - WU), and you don't have access to these cards.  I felt that was a bad choice by Wizards/Stainless because it would be nice to get your hands on them, as the best you can get are the Guildgates from the Return to Ravnica block.One thing that does bug me are the presence of Premium Boosters.  I got one pack for pre-ordering, and the cards inside were completely awesome, it sucks that I don't have any other way to get more of them unless I buy more boosters.  In addition, I can't use my Steam funds to buy them because the overlay doesn't seem to work (I've followed all fixes, nothing has worked.  Couldn't get the overlay in Magic 2014 either....) so I'm SOL at the moment.Another thing that bugs me is multiplayer, how sometimes, even though there ARE games going on, it says ""no games available"" in multiplayer.  I don't know why it does that, but it's frustrating at times.And finally, one thing that doesn't bug me, but saddens me a bit, is the fact the game wants you to build multi-color decks, without additional lands that would help in doing so.  Making multi-color decks without more land options is tricky, and very problematic at times.  2 colors isn't a problem, but when you make it 3 (which I run in RL, btw), you seem to never draw what you need, or you don't have enough to play the cards.Pros:Game does play smoothlyAbility to completely make your own decks.Card pool is nice, does seem to foster creativity.Storyline is decently thought out, and is satisfying when you beat the final duel. (No spoilers here!)If you have an Alienware computer, your Alien FX changes colors based on the turn, and what is being done (red when attacking/being attacked, etc.)Cons:Paid boosters, and the fact that it is glitchy about letting you purchase them.No 2-headed Giant (not a deal-breaker for me, but many people are raging over it.)The AI does seem to cheat a bit on hands when you're on the higher difficulties.Steam overlay doesn't work, I have to keep alt-tabbing out to talk to friends who are also playing.No really suitable lands for more than 2 color decks, and problematic when making those decks.Overall, I do recommend this game, especially if you're an avid Magic player like I am.  If you're new to the series, or if you're rusty, I recommend the older series, before jumping into this one."
,Recommended,255420,11499657,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sylvanio,"As it is the first Duels of the Planeswalkers to really focus on building your own decks, releasing you from merely playing pre-constructed decks or that poorly implemented draft mode of 2014. I'd reccommend this game to anyone interested in MTG, and fans of the series.Cards are unlocked randomly through 'boosters' won by beating certain opponents in the game. Opponents from a specific plane will earn you boosters from that plane. (Ex. Innistrad challenges get you Innistrad boosters.) With enough games, you will eventually unlock them all, as there is a set amount that you can get of each card, usually varying on their rarity. While the card pool could always be more expansive, and therefore, better, the available cards selection is already pretty good in the base game, something I imagine they will add onto as they release DLC throughout the year.I would not, recommend buying any of the 'unlock' DLC, for it merely allows you to use all the cards you can easily open up for free by actually playing the game. Another Con would be the lack of planeswalker cards (despite the name) , and the lack of any new modes, much like the previous three years introduced. But For only $10, and the ability to make your own decks, I think this is worth a purchase."
76561198038199656,Recommended,255420,11472195,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Artifical Angel,"I don´t understand all the bashing.I´m an admitted noob to magic, however i liked this game alot.- yes, it needs a lot of patience to get cards (Its a TCG, go figure)- the ""long"" waiting ? never noticed anything, i thought thorugh my strategy in my oponents turn- yes, the complete pack is a waste of money, guess what ? read what it is and you might have seen what you are buying- you get quite a lot of cards to build a deck with for 10€, if i would buy the actuall cards i would be broke by now by the amount of cards- you can build your own deck, making online play way more fun than any magic before- premium packs are a money grab, can´t argue with that, but still, buy the 10€ version and you will get your moneys worthmaybe its just for beginners, but i had way more fun with this than any game before, i learned the game better and the deck builder allowed me to personalize my decki would recommend it"
76561197980012320,Recommended,255420,11472226,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Zigzogg,"i really enjoy the game.  If you enjoy the previous magic games, you will like this. The ability to bulid a deck has been a long awaited feature, which works really well.  I suggest buying the ""all card collections"" dlc which lets you skip the campaign grind and get right into the action."
76561198020093530,Recommended,255420,11481805,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,NullZero,"First Review:I can't beleive the negative reaction to DOTP 2015. This game is deffinatly missing a few things such as multiplayer lobbies(I hate having to invite friends over and over again). Also no 2HG which is a bummer.But create your own decks is great, adds a whole new lvl of gameplay. Who can craft the better deck? Before with the preconstructed decks you where very limited, but now the gates are wide open. I have had more fun playing with my friends and seeing who can construct the better deck."
,Recommended,255420,11469905,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,</мертвый>,<3
,Recommended,255420,11473268,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,[V13]Dizazter,"So I've gotten a decen amount of time with this game, and I'm going to say its far an away an improvement over the previous styles of the game. First I'll get my main gripes out of the way.1. No Two Headed Giant multiplayer mode. This was a great game mode, no idea why they didn't include it, it was in the two last versions of the game. Just plain, WTH?2. The menu system/UI. There is a lot of animation and blur effects while navigating meus that are unskippable and take time. Basically 5-8 seconds to go from one menu to the next section. It's annoying at it's worst. Also there is a blur/field of focus effect in game that makes cards illegible unless you zoom in on them. It can take 15-20 seconds to back out of all the menus far enough to quit out of the game. Also just annoying but not game breaking.3. The sopratic advertisement for the MtG 2015 core set. They will flash this ad at you in game, maybe 1 out of 5 matches that you launch. It's mildly annoying.4. No more creating a deck of 40-100 cards. All decks have to be 60 cards. Not sure why they did this.5. No longer a ""random deck"" option during a match. I used to love having it pick a random deck to play with.6. Premium Boosters. So they're geting into the pay to win category with this. (Given that the physical card game is quite inherently pay to win) But you pay 2 dollars to get a booster of powerful premium cards you can't unlock otherwise. This is bound to♥♥♥♥♥♥off other opponents online if you play with decks relying on these cards.7. There are key vital cards missing from MtG 2014, that the NPC players will use against you, like Rampant Growth, and the artifacts that heal you for each color card you play. (Maybe they will get added to the Premium card collection later?)Everything else is golden, it's basically the Magic game I always wanted them to make. You no longer ""unlock decks"" and then grind through 40 wins with that deck to access all its available cards, and then customize the deck with only the deck specific cards. All that is gone. Now you start with a premade decks, and with every win you get a booster that earns you cards to your collection. Then you can go an make a custom deck from your collection, with NO LIMITATIONS! Build any damn deck you want, you're no longer trapped in premade template decks. Also the Sealed Deck concept is gone, because this new way of custom decks makes it obsolete.I've read reviews complaining that there is less in this game than previous iterations. When it comes to Two Headed Giant I agree. And yes the Challenge mode is gone, but to me I couldn't care less, it was a silly thing, a puzzle game made from magic cards that was all about precision timing. Everything else, is a consolidation into a more functional and efficient format. It's kinda like arguing that 1 lb of popcorn is more better than 1 lb of gold, because it has much more volume. Volume doesn't mean value, and this game has more value.Previous versions had the ""grind"" as I described to unlock every card in a deck, and this game has a grind too, but it is much more pleasant. It is the grind to unlock as many cards as you can to complete your collection. You're now unlocking cards that go into your universal collection that you can use in any number of custom decks. That makes tham way more valuable, and you time way better spent unlocking them than in previous games.Overall: 9/10"
76561198027177109,Recommended,255420,11470489,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,nicelytoasted101,"really enjoying mtg 2015,all the reviews complaining about having to unlock all the cards are somewhat missing the point.Starting the game with one (pretty poor) deck and winning games to unlock the collection is incredibly rewarding and really focuses you on building a coherent combo,ive literally JUST unlocked  the final card of the core set and have build 3 Very  playable combo decks.Have been looking forward to this format for months and have really enjoyed it.its true about the 2hg but personally i could take or leave that option from the other versions of MTG ive played"
76561198019223893,Recommended,255420,11353958,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,JooL33t,"So, before I begin my review let me just say that I'm a huge fan of Magic the Gathering. Been playing it for a few years and I've played prior Magic the Gathering titles: 2012, 2013, 2014. With that said, let me delve into my review of the game.THE EXPERIENCEFrom the beginning you have the option to play through the entire tutorial or skip to the final battle (a nice option for those familiar with the game). I skipped to the final battle and was poised with choosing a deck to play with; I ended up rolling with black/blue since I love being mean and figured it would get me through the campaign fairly easy with the lifesteal/control combo I was thinking up in my head. I beat the the final stage in the tutorial and that was when my fate was sealed. I had no way of changing decks, and I had to win my way through with the deck I chose. I was stuck on the first Plane and first opponent for quite awhile; once I got past that though I was on a winning streak and unlocking more and more cards. Several hours later, I've completed the campaign and have unlocked a good amount of cards to deck build with, as well as improve my original deck. After completing the campaign there are still several cards to unlock through random booster packs that you win as you defeat opponents, and each Plane has a ""Explore"" level that pits you against a psuedo-random opponent to test your mettle and wit. Although it was a rocky start, I'm really hooked now.THINGS I LIKE1. Unlocking cards through boosters, and being able to have complete control over deckbuilding: choosing the number of lands you want (dual/basic) and how many colors you want to run in your deck, choosing your own spells to create your own synergies, and the amount of cards available (running a WUB lifegain/control deck like I originally wanted thanks to the cards available)2. Replayability is high for me personally. I haven't finished everything that I can possibly finish in this game yet. Also, being as OCD as I am I'll probably want to unlock 4 of every card thats available just to maximize my deck building options and build that perfect deck.THINGS I DISLIKE1. In game purchases - I just never liked them to begin with, and I think it's a terrible idea. If anything, maybe they could have added a thing where you earn points when you win matches, and you can use those points to buy boosters or something like that. Besides, using real money to unlock cards kind of takes away from unlocking them the good ol' fashioned way.2. Unlocking decks - being stuck with a single deck in the very beginning can be brutal depending on which one you choose, they should have let you switch between a couple at first like they did in the previous iterations of the game. My suggestion with that is to look up the deck lists online (which I think someone already mentioned in the comments) before you decide which one you want to use.I enjoyed my time with it, and I recommend it. It's not so bad once you get a little further in the game.P.S. make sure you manage your lands manually with the Left CTRL button, otherwise it's going to use lands in a truly terrible and unefficient way."
76561198008305853,Recommended,255420,11502198,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Zhakrin,"I don't know why everyone is so negative about this game!!Look. It has some minor disadvantages like a slow menu. No two-headed giant, true, if that is what you want, don't buy this game. Stick with Magic2014:Dotp.BUT! For those who like 1vs1, or just like cardgames and gathering all the cards: This game is heaven!!! And having the ability to build a deck from scratch, choosing from ALL your cards is just fun!Just don't buy the complete pack, as it does take away the pleasure of collecting the cards yourself!"
76561198065798039,Recommended,255420,11500972,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bisanabi,"A lot of critics, and it took a good week or two for this game to actually run, but I like it.  I played DotP 2013 and 2014, and DotP 2015 does add quite a bit more with the deck building.  I've played Magic since 1994, and I do not pretend that this game is an exact simulator of the actual card game.  If you have that in mind, this game is fun and offers a challenge.  It is an enjoyable Magic-like game, where you encounter the same themes from MtG cards.  If you buy all the best cards, to craft the same deck some other person conceptualized and won a tournament at, to stomp everyone you meet, you won't enjoy this.  You actually have to think and work at it.  Consider it a draft, where you get what you get and have to craft something usable to beat the competition's better deck.  Yes, it might take a while and be frustrating at times, but why buy/play a game that you can just walk through with no effort?  I'm having fun and have beaten several of the opponents.  i'm looking forward to many hours of fighting/struggling to get through.  Put yourself in the right frame of mind, and have some fun!"
76561198148988655,Recommended,255420,11705032,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Phenteo,"As a new player to Magic: The Gathering, I found the digital game fun and addictive, a great way to learn the game and practice, without the hassle of shuffling decks, placing tokens, manual tapping and so forth. Recommended for new players and those with friends online."
,Not Recommended,255420,14582722,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rapist of the mind,"After MTG: Onlie 2014 it's a huge disappointment. I play with my friend in 'two headed giant' all the time but in 2015 they cut it down. But even then they cuted hude donating  to play, now you get premium booster for pvp win... sike you didn't get if opponent leave, and they always leave...You can make you very own deck with any card you have, that is nice but for getting card you need either donate or PVP which is not working. In 2014 you have prebuid decks which very affordable to unlock either pay or play. But even custom made deck didn't get much more sinergy compared to pre buid 2014 deks, so one way or another 2014 is have much easier build deck with pre sorted by sinergy cards.Single campain in 2014 was much better and more interesting, in 2015 AI always get better cards.Overall 2015 is a step down in comparison, if you want better experience buy MTG 2014."
,Recommended,255420,11745195,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Barlov Monkiss,Pros:Great for teaching begginers.Better than 2014 in your ability to ACTUALLY make a deck.Cons:Limited to Free-For-AllPay-to-Play (You have to buy digital packs for the real good cards)No ability to search cards for text while deck making
,Recommended,255420,11741291,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Grey,"Many critics (by critics I really mean MTG DotP players) have downvoted this game due to the fact that it did not live up to it's standard unlike it's predecessors. Magic 2013, 2014 have been great because of the different Multiplayer mode it offers, such as 2-Headed-Giants. Which everyone freaks the f♥♥k out when it is not included in M15.There are many flaws in this game, to list it out1- The menu bar takes a really long time to load2- The menu bar is not suited for PCs, it's suited for Tablet, rather.3- There still is no ""CANCEL"" button available when waiting for Quick Match4- Multiplayer Modes do not have 2-Headed-Giants, only 2, 3, and 4 player free for all are available5- Restarting a duel takes a longer time compared to M14 where it just restarts instead of loading and having to click ""Continue""To that, there are some good points to this game, minority compared to the crap this game offered1- Deck Customization2- Dynamic graphics and slicker gameplay......That's about it.If you want to rant about M15 go ahead, don't rage at it giving a thumbsdown just because it doesn't suit your expectations =.="
,Recommended,255420,11767225,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,panxter,"Great game, nice to finally be able to build decks from scratch. A bit too heavy on the microtransactions, especially with almost 15% of the cards only being obtainable via premium boosters (luckily, they are precoded to give you the cards you need).One major problem though, the game seems to randomly crash on my PC (4770K quadcore i7, 16gb RAM, 4gb GTX680, SSD, so shouldnt be any problems) - it shuts down without any error messages. This needs to be fixed ASAP."
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,255420,11458103,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Nalidus,"Adding the fully customized decks was the only positive thing that this iteration of Duels of the Planeswalkers did.  One step forward, five steps back.  Lets start off with this:  The starting decks are horrendously bad.  Especially considering some of the decks of the AI opponents that you have to face, which borderline on overpowered.  Not to mention that the AI cheats quite frequently.Then, there is the attrocious UI.  Very unresponsive.  It's common to have to push a button two or three times to get the menus to work.  Then there is the completely unecessary network of mini menus.  It's a horrible system they developed all because this game is an Android port.I would actually recommend the 2013 version far above this horrible game.  The devs epicly dropped the napalm on this one."
76561198000601277,Recommended,255420,11337259,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Aggramor,The only bad thing about it is lack of 2HG.
,Recommended,255420,11334007,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Ohtee,"I love the game so far, but the menus are completely killing it for me. They're incredibly slow to navigate. I also dislike not being able to choose a deck before each match without going to the beginning menu when takes AGES."
76561198047193576,Recommended,255420,11408729,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,asm88,i have several serious problems about this. first the quantity of cards is less than in 2014 at this point. second they havn't yet included several aspects of the game. i would recomend this to anyone who likes magic but it seems incomplete. when/if they add more which i hope they will i'd again play this game. however at this point i'm done playing due to lack of diversity.
76561198036411559,Recommended,255420,11338542,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,-=ROC=-Audio,"Bought the game played a few hands and got my butt kicked. Was frustrated that there was no easy way to change colors of my deck, or that I had no decent cards to build a deck to beat ""fast"" decks that are at the beginning of the game. That being said.. Once I unlocked some boosters and built a deck with a good strategy to it I started moving thru the matches easier. I am enjoying the flexibility of creating my own archetypes and controlling how I want to play. Those of you who are bad mouthing the game right away because you cant pay your way to an awsome deck, just give it a chance to progress. It gets better."
76561197994407607,Not Recommended,255420,12826496,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AngelsMind,Too much of a money grab. Give us the game in 1 bundle. don't make us buy a whole bunch of different things to enjoy an already mediocre software
76561198068528601,Recommended,255420,12870854,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nick Wilde,I love the game i dont know why many people hate on it even though this is the first time i have played duel of the planeswalkers my only real problem though is it does not work on mac
,Recommended,255420,13051879,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Zid Hartman,I can't win with Garruk's Revenge Deck..... my fault.. I love this game.
,Recommended,255420,16467012,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,#Just_Luck,"Best cardgame ever made,I have a lot of fun in thisBeautiful picturesInteresting gameplayPlotsomthing else///I recomend this game for all11 / 10"
76561198142286446,Recommended,255420,11443474,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,EternalEchoz,"Good game, alot like the normal magic card game. Do not play against your own decks......"
,Recommended,255420,11450460,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Sumit,Could be worse
,Recommended,255420,11306374,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dutch_Clog,The interface of this game is so slow and tedious.
,Recommended,255420,11297911,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Brad,Best magic out of all of them.  Custom decks with any cards is what the game needed and they brought it.  Very awesome.
,Recommended,255420,11370700,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Tahngarth,"If you like MtG and micro transactions, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,255420,11342349,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,oppai (.)(.) | Gamdom.com,Can't seem to start up the game
,Recommended,255420,11311736,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,VOiiiiiiiD,"It's like Magic The Gathering but more magical than before. However not enough gathering.Pros:MagicCons:Not enough gatheringIf you're looking for a game that has a distinct sense of magic and don't mind the slight lack in gathering, this is the game for youFinal Verdict:8/10"
,Recommended,255420,11311797,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,LeandraChristine,"Aside from sluggish menu and the premium boosters (which you would need about a dozen of to get really ""ALL"" cards), this game is a good deal at its 10gp price tag.I especially liked that it is challenging in planeswalker difficulty.7/10 (-2 points for slight pay2win tendencies)"
76561198025496137,Recommended,255420,11319055,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,deanbob,"I love this game.  I love making and testing my own decks and finally there is a PC version that lets me do just that.  I have gone through the negative reviews on 2015 and I would like to address them one by one.  They seem to fall under three catagories:  microtransactions and building your collection;  the UI;  and the game variations available.First, the card aquisition issue.  Disclaimer:  I did purchase all of the premium boosters about half way through the campaign.  Granted, the way that WotC did this was kind of sleazy;  they could have been more up front about the costs involved.  But really, for $10 you can get 80% of the cards and have a lot of fun.  If you want to compete at higher levels and get the whole set, it will cost you about $25 more.  People have also complained about the difficulty of the campaign with the starter cards and yes, it is hard.  It takes some skill and patience to progress but I loved it.  I went through the first three campaigns without the premium cards, getting about 30% of the basic set in five hours and had a ball as my deck slowly got better.  And yes, my cards were as bad as everyone else's.Second, the UI.  It is terrible.  The in-game UI is the best one yet, but navigating the site is a huge pain in the a$$.  If I had to choose which UI would be great, it would be the one that IS great; the one in-game.Third, the game variations available.  I'm not really qualified to talk about this because to me, MtG is like chess, it is a two player game and that is all I want.  If the the main reason you play MtG is for 2 headed giant, then don't buy the game.  I'm guessing they are going to add this as demand seems pretty high.To wrap things up, I suggest you do the same thing I did.  Pay the ten bucks and try it out.  If you like it, buy the premium boosters and go from there.  Buying the cards that you can earn by playing seems like a waste to me, but hey, whatever floats your boat.  Once you've completed half the campaign you have enough cards to gain some flexibility and your decks can start to get very interesting.  If you love MtG as much as I do, I think you will end up loving this version."
,Recommended,255420,11319120,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,PlatinumIrish,"This game has a really good layout and great gameplay, as a fan of magic the gathering I enjoy the card game immensly but my main disappointment is with buying the card colections, it says in the game that you can unlock all Innistrad and Theros cards, but unfortunately only a small fraction of them are actually in the game. It would be nice if all cards in a set actually meant, All Cards, the reason I purchased the Theros DLC is so that I can build my physical deck and put it on the computer so I can test it out against the game and other players. My deck is a Theros block deck and the idea of unlocking the block online meant I could use my own deck in the game. It was quite misleading. I love everything that is in this game, the gameplay, graphics, soundtrack and usibility, I am just disappointed about the lack of actual cards in the game. I really hope that all cards will eventually be added, because then this will be the perfect game for me."
76561198021270331,Recommended,255420,11304119,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ArachniaTK,"Despite some initial bugs and the rare crash (right now usually when I choose Custom Game in Multiplayer), this has been the best Magic for PC version yet. Finally, we can make our own decks, the way we want to, and collect cards; instead of just unlocking predetermined cards for predetermined deck builds.My only complaints are that they took a step backwards in terms of the in-game menus. in 2014 they gave us a snazzy list menu that was easy to navigate quickly. However in 2015 they reverted to a scroll-through menu with giant pictures. What's worse is that other than what you have selected, all other pictures are blurred and the text for them disappears so that you cant tell what is forward or backwards other than remembering what and where they are. The other things that bother me are the bright white screens which are bad for people with migraines. Last but certainly not least, every time you complete a multiplayer game, all players are booted back to the multiplayer menu rather than a lobby. This forces you to recreate a game every time, and reinvite your friends every single time. What's worse is that it STILL does not remember that you want your player slots set to PRIVATE, making you take extra steps to kick random joiners that get in before you can set all spots to private and then invite friends.All in all, custom deck building completely outweighs these issues. Just depends on how much annoyance you can deal with."
76561197978457895,Recommended,255420,11308380,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pr0pa1n_Entr0u,"I enjoyed Magic 2014, and I am therefore enjoying Magic 2015. A lot of people complaining but, I don't see it... graphics got better, and you can finally customize your entire deck with anything you want. I cannot tell you enough how big of an improvement that really is... when there is that sweet card you want badly from one deck to another, but just couldn't... well, now you can.My very few small complaints is that when you engage in combat, the animation and soundclip is just a bit too dramatic... this happens too quickly and too often while you're dueling... But you get used to it, not a deal breaker. Getting my money's worth! If you've never played MtG, I would say this is kinda like a puzzle.. you have to figure out how do defeat certain combinations of cards, and explore what different types of cards work well together. Cheaper then buying physical cards, single player allows you to play even if you don't have friends who are very interested, I def give this a two thumbs up. Thanks Wizards of the Coast and Stainless games!"
,Recommended,255420,12323917,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,der Krieger,do l recommend this game hellz yeah just learn the mechics and away you go..♥♥♥♥♥
76561198296932411,Recommended,255420,23902908,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bwats,"Great game.  I've played this on both PC and mobile iOS, and the only issue I have, really, is that on the PC version (Steam) the controls within the game, as far as zooming in on the card, so as to get more info or to simply see the text better, is that the controls I set to zoom do not work.  Google queries have shown this to be a problem with all that do not use a mouse.  Maybe there is a fix that I'm unaware of?"
,Not Recommended,255420,14863621,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Tartrazine,"Bad interface, fewer options than previous Planeswalker games, you have to start off with a terribly weak deck vs. strong themed decks, game tells you the deck you're editing is illegal but not WHY... this is a lot of Magic for not much money, but is it worth it?!"
76561198020171286,Not Recommended,255420,29040438,Posted: 5 January,all,A Turkey Sandwich,"This game isn't worth it even on sale. The fun aspects of the 2014 have been stripped. There is no good multiplayer modes and even earning cards is the largest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ever. At least you can custom build a deck which isn't to bad, but in recieving this they removed everything else. To even play multiplayer, you have to beat the first campaign level. ♥♥♥♥ that, ♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ the devs."
76561198086650833,Not Recommended,255420,13136624,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SigmA,游戏花样崩溃，体验伤心的很啊！
76561198064762163,Recommended,255420,13737119,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Bad Kitty 13,"DO NOT BUY DLCIf you decide to buy this game be sure to only buy the base game. DO NOT BUY DLC. If you do it will unlock everything you earn in the campaign, you can earn all the DLC. If you have played any of the others (2012-2014) it is the same thing they did with the DLC in these games.The game itself is the best in the series since Planeswalker or MTGO. You can build your own deck finally with only being restricted to the number of cards you have unlocked(you can only have 4 in a deck). You can unlock cards in Booster packs that you earn through beating the trials during the campaign. One thing I noticed that I haven't seen in the other reviews is that each realm has an explore option i.e. explore Ravinca. This will give you a different opponent each time not found during regular Campaign progression (until you unlock all the cards) and each time you defeat one of these foes it will give you a booster pack with new cards. However, there is a limit to how many booster packs you can earn per plane and achievements for earning all the packs per different planes.From what I have seen it is only getting bad reviews because of the fact that people buy all the DLC with the game and go to play it only to realize that everything is already complete. DO NOT BUY THE DLC. Other than that it is an excellent game for single player MTG fans***EDIT***You will have to buy Garruks expansion. it is only one plane with the cards delved the same. other than that it it is the only dlc you can not earn....in This expansion you are limited to using Garruks deck(through the first play through).Also when you play online you WILL get your cards when people leave the match early. They fixed it so AI takes the players place and will continue to play. After the match go to the Deck Manager and you will have a booster pack waiting (if you won)."
76561198026342629,Recommended,255420,11840508,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Tanonor,"Loved the game, was a bit disappointing that they didn't put the full M2015 set in the game without having to make additional purchases but it didn't detract from the playthrough enough to cause any issues."
,Recommended,255420,11841702,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Human_level1,"I liked the game, the option to mount your deck with cards available (if not purchased the complete package that will unlock the challenges and campaign). The only thing that annoys is really the menus, but nothing that directly influence the game."
76561198031495115,Recommended,255420,11854950,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,T-T-T-Torrance,If you like Magic but you still wish for some balance in the game.. This one does have a few OP builds as does any game with a fraction of the diversity that the sealed played single player allows but after reading some of the bias reviews I would have to say most commenters are hating just to hate.  Someone said the game ends up running you 50 dollars and thats just a flat out lie... I spent 10 for it and have almost 90% of the cards... and with the exception of a couple that you need to pay to get after I have the best cards in the game or the ability to build a deck to take the cards down I dont have.  People ♥♥♥♥♥ when things change or they arent good at them so most of these reviews are probably just people that suck.I will say I wish the match making had not only an MMR set up but a better queue up system... that had been all the magic games downfall... Maybe they will stop making one 10 dollar game a year and make a 30 dollar one that is amazing.One person said the interface lacks luster... Stfu noone cares about your opinion on whats pretty little ladyAnother said hearth stone is going to be a magic killer... Hearth stone was made by Blizzard.. who made WoW... and isnt there a new WoW killer every 6 months that fails?  Hearth Stone may be up there with Yu Gi Oh some day but Magic killer is a joke
76561198043488117,Recommended,255420,11865407,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Myrdin90,meh...
,Recommended,255420,13906016,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,CmPrinny,"Finally, you can build your own deck! (see edit)I don't understand why people are claiming this game is P2W at all, you buy the game, and the expansion and you can unlock the cards via campaign against a.i and remaining by winning online duels. Good system in my opinion, nice carrot on a stick and I get excited when I see new White cards in my booster packs.At time of this review I have 11-12 hours on it and plan to spend more time with it.The achievements are fun and offer incentive to play a few games differently. I plan to gift this game to a few friends out of town I use to play MTG w because you can build a  deck and challenge your friends online.The cons:There isn't a Twin Headed Dragon option.(see edit)if you lose against an a.i opponet a few times, you'll win because their openers will somehow remain the same so you can plan against it. Better A.I next year please.I'm happy w this years iteration, I've put more hours into then any of the previous console ones simply bc deck building. You can Pay to have foil variations of your cards or to unlock the remainder of the cards if you'd like.** Edit: Thanks to a comment from Eorx Wordrend I now know you CAN use more than 60 cards in a deck."
,Not Recommended,255420,19060691,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jesus,Not as good as 2012
,Recommended,255420,11374788,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Zionmoose,"Personally, I cant hate that much on this game.I have been playing Hearthstone for some time now, which was truly the first real card style game I had ever played. I decided to get this becuase I am interested in actually playing magic, but I needed to learn how.Sufice it to say, this is doing a magnificant job at teaching me the workings of MTG. Its not perfect, but for $10 I thought it was a great deal so I could learn before really diving head first into the MTG pool."
76561198183700969,Not Recommended,255420,14770241,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,neb00_05,Game sucks launched one time crashed and hasnt been palyable since waste of time and money
76561198008068052,Recommended,255420,11341143,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AntiHero,"This game deserves a positive review. The single issue is the hard grinding, wich can be avoided.Once you get most of the cards, many possibilities arise!"
,Recommended,255420,11346995,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sowilo,"So I feel like many of the reviews here are unjustified.First you can have as many decks as you want you just have to play though the campaign. Any Review that is telling you that you cant play as many decks or you dont get different colors simply has not played quite long enough. I think I am around 6 hours in and I am on the final boss of the campaign and I might have beat that last night if I didnt need to go to sleep.That said This game is finally what magic should have been for years.First off 50% of the fun of magic ""THE GATHERING"" is to build your deck. Finally I can Build my deck 100% from me. Is it true there are card limitations in terms of what is a option yes but of the cards and lands you can choose there are tons. So you really can build different decks and have fun with them. You can also modify existing decks.You can unlock anything without having to pay you just have to play. This is sort of a case were the journey is part of the fun So yes you might not have all the cards but you can unlock them. I have unlocked about 30% just by playing though the campaign like once. I am sure I will get more as time passes.A few Negatives are the menu's kind of suck but game itself is fine the only thing that sucks is if you click a card and drag it you will have to play it so think before clicking this didnt happen to often. Also when you play a card sometimes it uses the wrong lands which is a issue sometimes I think this one is a big one if you play a 2 color deck as sometimes it will use your green land for white etc. The last negative is lack of 2 headed giant and other game modes they only have like 2vs2 or 3vs3 etcOverall though WE FINALLY have a magic game that allows you to build your own deck and you can unlock cards for free. Personally I think its a good game I would recommend it even for 9 dollars. I would not pay for the extra decks as it gives you nothing that you can unlock for free and its not Like I have not earned like 20 booster packs already."
76561198023910879,Recommended,255420,11374659,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Thuter - Shellnine,"It took a few games for Wizards to realize, but finally we have open ended deckbuilding as promised. The game is enjoyable, and unlocking boosters by winning games versus the AI has a great feel of progression. There are quite a few achievements and portraits to unlock, and the battlefield looks nice and clean. You can save your custom decks, and you can unlock 5 sets of cards to create them with. There now is online matchmaking as well, it seems Wizards took the comments from the comunity to heart, and finally added the things to the game we always wanted.There are, however, quite a few flaws with this game, including but (probably) not limited to:1. If you want to equip another deck, you have to go back to the main menu to do so. In the campaign this is only a minor inconvenience, but when playing online this becomes quite bothersome. Speaking of which:2. Earlier versions of MtG:DotP had Two-Headed Giant, a really nice way to play co-op. In 2015 it is gone. The reason for this? It would be really hard to balance, and one of the rules of THG is that the decks of one team combined may not have more than 4 copies of the same non-basic land card. I understand this, but still I think this is a step backward.3. The amount of content has drastically decreased. Aside from there being no special gamemode (like Planechase or Archenemy), the game also lacks challenges and a revenge campaign, both of which were present in earlier versions.4. You can create your own decks, but there are a lot of cards you simply cannot get your hands on. I am not even talking about the ridiculous paywall you have to breach before you unlock all the cards from the Premium set, I mean this: You will play against a lot of AI decks that will have interesting cards in them, whilst not being available to you. When you did grind yourself through the sets to unlock all the cards for a set, you will notice that about 70% of them are really bad cards. Like the standard 2/2 for 2, the 3/2 flyers for 4 mana, or that 3/4 vampire for 5 that will get flying as long as you pump 2 life in it each turn you want him to. And not only the creatures, the instants and sorceries as well. 5 mana for an instant speed destroy target creature, it cannot be regerated? No thank you!5. Programming AI may be the hardest part of making a good player vs. AI game, but the AI sometimes makes really stupid mistakes. I have seen the AI sacrificing an unblocked creature to its Bloodflow Connoisseur before it did damage (and I did not cast spells at that time). I have witnissed a Boros charm being cast to make all his creatures indestructable, which is not a bad manouver, but it is questionable to do so in his end step (again: no spells cast from my hand). Also the AI sometimes simply won't attack you when clearly he would make a great trade, has twice the amount of creatures on the battlefield and has a great chance of lethal damage next turn, all because you have some mana untapped and one or two cards in hand. And not only the opponent AI is flawed, the automatic mana-tapping function is random as well, sometimes leaving you with all the wrong mana so you cannot cast the other spell in your hand (luckily you can turn this off). Same goes for auto-assign damage to blocking creatures, which you, and I urge you to do so, can turn off as well. By the way, I played the game on highest difficulty, so maybe it is their way to make the game harder, but this does not explain the AI behaviour.6. The battlefield looks nice and clean, but every combat step it will slide apart to uncover some red moat. It's only a visual thing, and this is my own opinion, but I got annoyed by it after playing a couple of games. I don't  like the black border around selected cards in your hand either.7. The menu, and speaking of which: the whole interface, is clearly ported from the console versions of the game. Scrolling through the menu is painful, and the sliding circles they are made up from are unclear. Scroll to zoom bugs out unless you replace your cursor away from the centre of the screen, and while the menu is usable with a mouse, I reverted back to using the keyboard for it most of the time.8. When you first start up the game, the game asks you whether you are an experienced Magic player, and if you have played earlier versions of this game. All they do with this info though, is setting the difficulty. I clicked the equivalent of 'I know everything, I played Magic and the DotP games for years,' and after picking a starter deck the next stop was the tutorial. I played the first one, only to see if you would get some unlocks for them, but alas: No such thing. Then I clicked the 'Skip Tutorial' button, as for me it was more a torture than a tutorial, and I got the screen: ""Congratulations! You have proven yourself worthy!"" I liked the irony in that, I admit. Then I had to defeat a deck for real, using my severly underpowered starter deck. I say this because the largest creature I had was a 3/3. Most of the cards in the deck were borderline useless, and there was NO WAY to change the deck, or unlock more then a single card for it. It was hard fighting against 5/5 vigilance  angels, let me tell you. But then again, highest difficulty. And I was glad it was kind of difficult to get throught some encounters, losing a game sometimes was refreshing (and sometimes painfully annoying).Final verdict: I don't really know. The game has much potential, but I am afraid we won't be seeing any of that until 2016. I have bought the game and had some fun with it, even though I knew much of the game was a step back compared to its predecessors. If you want to get some deckbuilding going, play against (not with, because of the lack of THG) friends or archenemies, then by all means go for it. Do not bother with buying the DLC though, it does not unlock anything you cannot get by playing the game, and the foil conversions... Well... Let's just say I don't like it when the cards in my R/B Vampire deck behave like Edward Cullen."
76561198035637797,Recommended,255420,11392766,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,RumpunchDave,"So, I've played the game for about 15 hours.  I like it, and it's very playable, but the Microtransactions are.... wacko.In the beginning, the game was furiously hard.  I started with one and only one deck made of commons, and immediately had to fight a single color recycling zombie deck.  And next a deck using fancy multilands.  I had literally ZERO cards beside the deck (which I felt had been overhyped.)Unlike Hearthstone, the game only gives you one deck, and I was starved for any new cards.I purchased a microtransaction to unlock all the sets, (because I'm an idiot, and I thought since the card logos all said MAGIC 15 I was not actually getting any of those other sets... ) and suddenly I had EVERY CARD.  The set went from 5% to 87%.   I had maybe ten legendaries, multiple copies of rare cards, and so on.  I also stopped getting reward packs for defeating the campaign bosses.I actually rather wish I'd only bought one expansion set, but there is no undo button.   I am not a 'cheat code' kind of guy.   Still, it wasn't *totally* game breaking.I really wish they had studied Hearthstone a bit better, giving players several deck for free, giving smaller rewards more often, giving card rewards for playing, and allowing players to gradually develop.The game does have an auto-deck feature.  I can insert one or more cards, and the AI will make a deck around those cards.If someone bails from a duel, I believe the AI takes over.There are several minor tweaks and gripes.  There was nowhere in the tutorial where it said ""PRESS CTRL TO CHANGE HOW MANA IS TAPPED""  I have some trouble seeing the opponent's cards when they come out, and can't read them without zooming and checking INFO.  I can't even LOOK at fancy lands without clicking off a setting."
,Recommended,255420,11514993,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,VEX,"The Good: Deck building, and card unlocks are packs now, not one card @ a time grind.The Bad: Short campaign, no puzzles; no other play modes other that 1v1, 1v1v1, 1v1v1v1The Ugly: Need to pay another ~$20 dollers to unlock the ""Premo"" packs (~10 packs)Overall: Its fun but it gameplay fizles out quickly (alot quicker than earlier installments)"
,Recommended,255420,11347420,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Butthurt,Best Duels of the Planeswalkers out there atm
,Recommended,255420,11350726,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jerhovah,"It's worth the 9.99 to make your own decision.  I read a bazillion comments on this and they all scream the same things.  It's pay to win.  You start with a weak deck and have to get lucky to win in campaign.  I started with a red/white combo and have won 90% of my campaign matches thus far.  I would call it challenging if you are a fair to good MtG player, but not overly so.  Yes, you can buy the cards sets, but I've managed to tweak my deck pretty well just from winning 5-10 matches.  Not quite the grindfest others would have you believe.  Oh yeah, and finally I CAN FULLY CUSTOMIZE MY DECK!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,255420,11369460,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,xXSWAGNEMITE#YOLO420Xx,i love magic this game rocks i love it its so cool i play magic in real life with my buddys
76561198017328264,Recommended,255420,11380290,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,queekoneeye,"This game is pretty decent, as it's the first installment that allowed me to actually fiddle with the deck beyond just sideboarding things, and while it does lack some of the functionality of the previous editions (namely Two-Headed Giant), the sheer number of options is well worth it. My main gripes about it are the rather clunky menu interface that takes an inordinate number of clicks to get to anything, the somewhat odd card collection, the fact that the AI has access to alternate victory condidtions and cards that are denied to the player, some of them for no clear reason, and the the aforementioned lack of Two Headed Giant. On the other hand, you can eventually unlock all the cards in the game for your collection, the adventure nodes are a fun little challenge, and the fact that the game allows me to build decks that are more suited to my playstyle more than off-set the losses. While some may say that the game is P2W, it isn't. When you pay for the extra cards, you are just paying to speed up the unlock process and removing a fair amount of the challenge from the game."
76561198047852028,Recommended,255420,11384757,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ginx01,"So I have seen a lot of reviews for this game. Most negative. Very negative. Then I saw a few reviews that were good enough for me to try this game out anyways. Plus it is only $9.99 which is barley anything. So after 10 hours of play I have this to say about the game. The negative reviews are overstated... buy quite a lot.Getting cards is now easier than ever. Whenever you win a match you get 10+ cards of all rarities each time (just like an actual booster). I have not stopped to count the exact number of cards, but you get quite a few. Even more so when compared to the past versions which would unlock one card every game you win which sucked.You can skip the turtorial by pressing the button ""skip"" at the bottom right of the scree before you start it. So yeah if you have problems reading buttons like the people who complained about not being able to skip it I assure you it is there.At the start of the game you pick 2 colors and from those 2 colors a deck. You can go back before you select a deck in order to choose different color combos and so that you can see the diff decks. I read that black red sucked at the start so I went with black green. It was not amazing, but it got the job done rather well for a starter deck.Those who said things about not being able to change their color are also wrong here again. After you beat Avacin you are given the option of being able to change your color combination. YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR COLORS. And Avacin is only a few matches away. How people missed this I do not know at all.As for how hard the game is with the starting deck, I had no problems at all getting to Avacin and I was able to beat her eventually after a few bad draws. Those who complain about how underowered the starting decks are either got lesser decks sadly (perhaps green black is good and the others are bad idk) or they were playing on max difficulty and were not happy that they could not just roll over the AI with an uncustomized free deck. Because you know people totally expect to go to tournaments with the duel decks and beat everyone there no problem in real life.I appreciate how when you explore the location you play several different types of decks with sometimes very varying themses and eventually a plainswalker as well. Although Chandra sucked playing. I swear barley anything survived her burn volley.After 10 hours I have somewhere between 41% and 50% of all the cards unlocked without spending any money on micro transactions. I didn't see it as annoying at all since it was exciting getting a new booster afer every match and using that to create or modify decks.Also, you can have multiple decks that you create for FREE! One of the annoying things in the last Duels of the Planeswalker game is that you had to buy deck space for sealed play (there were many other problems, but this one was just stupid).Last thing of note: you will not get additional boosters for beating campaign opponents again I do not think. I tried once and didn't get anything. Just explore the town and you will get more boosters. Losing = no boosters which can suck. And yeah I think that is most of the main points.Really if you liked the past Duels of the Planeswalker games, but thought they did a few things terribly, this game is a large step in the right direction. Would totally suggest giving it a try."
,Recommended,255420,11386087,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,"Sonata, Taco Queen","As opposed to what most people say about this game, I actually really enjoyed it.Having the opportunity to play the colours I like, and build the deck I want to play from humble beginnings to wiping-the-floor-with-Garruk powerful was a lot of fun, and it added another scale of challenge to the game.As a fan of previous Duels of the Planeswalkers titles, I didn't feel it was too much a stretch from them at all, and though only starting with one deck can be frustrating, you have the opportunity to create more as you play. By the time I finished the main campaign, I had 3 decks, and had turned the Blue/Black deck I started with into a Blue/Green one that I was more comfortable with.It can feel a bit slow at the start, and your deck may seem woefully underpowered compared to your opponents, but isn't that the point of a game? Start small and work your way up? If they just gave you a powerful deck at the start and said ""Go punch this guy"", would you be as satisfied as you would be when you nurture your deck into a well oiled machine of destruction?The duels themselves are no slower than the previous games, and in fact many of them felt a lot faster overall. I had to stop the timer repeatedly to drop in spells, which to me, felt more realistic than having your opponent wait extensively after every single trigger.Finally, the money aspect. I found it wasn't too prevalent at all, and while yes, you can buy more cards, it is in no way a necessity, and it doesn't garuntee that you will win in any case. There are more than enough cards available in the regular sets that put the premium ones to shame, and anyone who thinks ""There's no way to beat a premium deck Q.Q"" is kidding themselves, and needs to take a better look at the cards they're given.For casual players, it can seem a bit daunting, but the tutorials provided give a very thorough understanding of everything you need to know, and while they may seem frustrating for experienced players, they are a necessity as with most games.Overall, I highly recommend this game, it's fun, engaging, and overall more challenging that previous DotP games."
76561197961141880,Recommended,255420,11582680,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sloth,"Well, don't be put off by all the negative reviews.  The game is enjoyable.  I used to play MTG casually a long time ago, before all the duels and online games came out.  Eventually on the PS1 or PC cannot remember they came out with the trading card version of it.  After that, they had the battlemaster game which was not the cards more I don't even remember.  Anyway, then they came out with Duels of the Planeswalkers and that peeked my interest again, but I never bought the games.  I eventually got it on 360 2012 or 11 or something, but never could get very far into because of the difficulty I was having.  Anyway, I'm back playing it and coming from playing a lot of Hearthstone, I remember how much thought is needed in this game.  The AI is so much more challenging and is quite fun.  Yes, people may have been looking for this or that to critque it, but coming from a new player to the Duels Games.  You will not be dissapointed.  The game is challenging and exciting once you get down the tutorial boss.  I have yet to try out multiplayer, but once I get more cards and get better with the ones I have.  I hope I can win some games.TL:DR  If you are put off by the negative reviews.  Don't listen to them.  It is a great game.  You will have lots of fun playing it."
76561198005566539,Recommended,255420,11335639,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Eulogyi,"Magic 2015 - Duels of the Planeswalkers has gotten a lot of harsh critique. While many of the arguements against the game are true and have their reasoning I think people are way too irrationally annoyed over the fact that two-headed giant is missing.The game is a downgrade in a few ways in comparison to Magic 2014. The soundtrack is not as good, but it's hard to top 2014's soundtrack which is just outstanding. The menus are badly designed and ridiculously slow - which is most likely due to the game coming out on tablets/smartphones, so for some reason they didn't want to bother creating a seperate menu navigation system specifically for the PC. At first I thought the card selection seemed a bit lackluster, but after playing the game for 40 hours I've got to admit that there are a lot of decktypes that work and so far none seems to be overly dominant. Yes, some decktypes could use a few more cards (equipment based decks, zombie/vampire decks and more) but they can even that out with upcoming expansions. As for the pricing - I have absolutely no problem with it at all and I paid 30 Euros for both the game and all the premium boosters. For someone that can't play Magic: The Gathering in real life due to the lack of other players in my vicinity Duels 2015 is the perfect option for me. I come home, boot up the game, grab my virtual deck and dive into the competitive multiplayer duels. Thanks to the rarity limiation of cards (1x mythic, 2x rare, 3x uncommon, 4x common) none of the decks can be overwhelmingly powerful (atleast so far). The premium cards are good - no doubt about that, but the game is still playable for 10$ and you easily get your moneys worth. What annoys me a little is that they are giving out very powerful cards to the AI which you can't obtain afterwards. These cards being actually implemented in the game but not being obtainable seems kind of greedy.The missing sealed and two-headed giant game types are also a step back from the predecessor. These choices from the developers seem very questionable and that's what stirred up the community hive. I still think it's a good game and I want you to notice how most negative reviews on Steam come from people that played the game for about 2 hours. You don't write a review based upon 2 hours of gameplay.Pros:- Deck customization - about 300 unique cards (972 in total if you count the multiple ones)- Fairly challenging campaign- Battle UI is improved and works well- Interesting and not overpowered card choices- It's Magic:The Gathering, fun is ensured.Cons:- Horrid menu navigation and clunky interface- Some deck types lack cards to be properly playable- Pricing is unclearly stated - you need to pay about 20 Euros more if you want the full card collection- Some connection problems and bugs persist- Teases you with some cards during the campaign but they remain unobtainableBasically every flaw of this game is fixable with a proper patch and expansion. The developers should get rid of most of the bugs over the next few weeks. Fixing the menus should also be very high on the priority list - just get rid of these slow animations and make the UI more PC oriented next time. 972 cards is not a bad amount of cards but I wouldn't mind paying 50 Euros for double the card collection size and just stop teasing us with cards in the campaign already! Just implement them in the expansion and make us pay 20 Euros for all the cards instead of adding these premium boosters. That pricing model seems kinda silly. If it's effective financially for them I can understand the publisher/developers in a way, though."
,Recommended,255420,11336570,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Hypnotiix,I have a new addiction. 10/10
76561198078674844,Recommended,255420,11337250,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mageta,"Great game, finally the deck building possibilities we've been asking for.All these other complaints are null, if you want to play the card game no one is stopping you.If you want to play MTG online, you can do that as well.  This is just another option that many people prefer to use to play MTG."
,Recommended,255420,11341548,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MONSTER HUNTER WORLD ONLY,"OBAMA FOR TOMORROW, OBAMA FOR TODAYOBAMA FOR THE STRAIGHT, OBAMA FOR THE GAYOBAMA FOR AMERICA, OBAMA FOR IRAQIT'S OKAY TO RIDE THAT DlCK, AS LONG AS IT'S BARACK'S"
,Recommended,255420,11346712,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Friskn,"This is the best DotP they have made so far, closest one to the real thing!"
,Recommended,255420,11346716,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,pok1natcha,"I recommend this game, if you like to play Magic: The Gathering.Pros: Awesome card game with multiplayer and fun deck building.Cons: I have never been so sure about a game cheating to make it more difficult to unlock modes and cards in my life.  This game can be very frustrating because the computer never has trouble with mana or spell/creature cards.  Every game it has what it needs to defeat you easily, while you are struggling to either get land or spells/creatures.  Last, the computer can see what you have in your hand. Need to be a lot of fixes to make this game playable long term, like Magic 2014."
,Recommended,255420,11362881,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mr.Flame,"So after playing the game for a number of hours I got some stuff to say.I'll start by saying that over all I had a fun time. There were a few times when the auto land would ruin my game, but after learning right-ctrl can change the land you use it was no longer a problem.Like others have pointed out the starting cards you get suck balls, you'll have to grind a little to beat the first boss or get really lucky. It's a liitle bull♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest, their cards are just plain better than ours with a lot of synergy. Changing the game to easy is recommended.I do not recommend buying the Complete Bundle or the All Card Collections. Having all the cards after beating the first boss makes the rest of the campaign feel like a chore. Sure grinding out the booster packs well take more time but at least you have a reason to spend time in the campaign.Also people complaining about it being pay to win are just whining for the sake of whining. After playing a good number of multi-player matches I've not once blame my lost to premium cards. And if you look at the premium cards, with the exception of a few, they're not that good.Like I first said, overall it was a fun time, and if you like grinding and magic then I recommend this game."
76561198007460866,Recommended,255420,11352000,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,"It's fun with 4 friends trying to beat the crap out of each others decks only to find out that they only get mana cards and nothing else. The campaign feels at point unfair when the AI pulls out all the best cards out of his deck when you are gaining the upper hand but hey that's AI for you. I think the game is best in multiplayer and the campaign is just there to keep you occupied when not playing against humans, thus you can buy the collections and concentrate on the good side of Magic 2015 and not waste time on the campaign. And if you don't like losing matches go ahead and be P2W and buy those booster packs you fool.  But otherwise can't really come up with anything bad except there is no real reward of playing the game unless you win."
76561197982199922,Recommended,255420,11558169,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,MatrixWzrd,It is a great way to learn Magic.  Awesome graphics compared to MTGO.
,Recommended,255420,11622826,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Wastedreams88,"I've Played MTG Since 2000, And I will always be a fan.  But Im giving this a 3/5 It's a good game if you like MTG.   Gives the player the feel of actually playing.  Limited cards is a downfall for now.  Micro Transactions are also a downfall.  But if you continue to play the first stage of each Plane the Exploring you will get a booster pack.  I have even bought more cards after playing this.  With the 2014 game I was a huge fan of the challenges hopefully they will bring it back in the future.   Well worth it if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,255420,11916662,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Milas60,2015=Clean
,Recommended,255420,11622268,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,DrGerm,"I generally like this game, but really wish there was much more to it. You might want to wait until it goes on sale.SO many negative complaints in the reviews on steam; the one positive that I personally love is that I can play game after game after game against the AI. That's just fun sometimes and good to learn and practice.For those who want a prettier, more modern, more friendly version of MTGO; this isn't it. It will probably never exist (but that's another story).However, If you like to play with a limited deck and have an option to play vs an AI; then it's a good game. Do NOT buy the card collections! You can unlock ALL of these by just playing the game. You do want to buy the premium cards though... those cannot be unlocked and some are very good."
,Recommended,255420,11946142,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,NotchBeard,"While I would reccomend it to my friends this game is incredibly frustrating in its current form and can be downright unenjoyable at times due to the learning curve. I have played MtG since I was 12(28 now) and even I am finding myself at a loss of how to face some bosses. The starter decks that you begin with have some major flaws (as all starter decks should) but with no side board to speak of if you choose badly you can soon find yourself only able to pass a zone by waiting till the computer gets mana screwed. It took me 8+ hours of solid play just to get to the boss of the second zone due to the starter decks inability to adapt to certain colors. This is not MTGO, do not expect us to wade through a ton of BS as there is no monetary reward as there is in MTGO. DotPW are suppossed to be the ""casual"" magic, games that we can take light-heartedly to try out different decks and card to see if we want to purchase them IRL, instead we get a grindfest with little to no feeling of success/reward. Also making it so that you can ""pay to win"" by purchasing all the cards for $25 is a lame way to fix the issue. Here are some improvements I would like to see in future updates:- 15 card sideboard for starter decks to help them deal with weaknesses vs bosses- Two Headed Giant- Sealed Draft Play- More Multi-Color Cards- Commander Play- Quicker Interface, no sliding down button bar before load- Cards that can ONLY be gained through the game and not through paying- Ability to swap between all the starter decks that contain the color you chose in beginingI am a very persistent person so this will not deter me from enjoying the game but I know a LOT of players will not be able to do 20 hours of grinding to begin enjoying the game...In its current form I give it 6/10 or D- however u wanna look at it. :("
76561198037794019,Recommended,255420,11902143,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Old Farkas,"It is a great game to learn how to play MtG AND of course, the possibility to build decks is awesome!!! I recommand this game."
76561198056381199,Recommended,255420,11928858,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Seductive Polar Bear,Very good. Definitly worth the 10 bucks
,Recommended,255420,11948439,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Droso,"Good, but M14 is better"
76561198032773574,Recommended,255420,11336982,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,cj7822,"I must admit that I was very apprehensive when it came to purchasing this most recent version due to all of the negative reviews.  WIth that being said, I'm ultimately glad I did!Pros:1.  Truly able to construct your decks with very minimal (if any real limitations)2.  Graphics and gameplay have been tweaked over so slightly and are minimally better than previous editions.3.  The game itself is still only $9.99 and regardless of what people are saying here, you DON'T need to purchase anything further to build your decks.  (See the conclusion for further details).Cons:1.  No additional play modes (ie: Planechase, archenemy etc.).  Also, the removal of 2HG is a big drawback...2.  Slow menu systems but tolerable.Conclusion:I will highly recommend this version of my long time favorite with a few exceptions.  If you enjoy playing other game modes rather than Free for all or campaign sessions vs. the AI then this may not be for you, at least until they bring something else into the game in the for of DLC etc.As far as the deck building goes, I love it!!  As I previously mentioned, you can basically create whatever type of deck you want with the cards you are awarded after each victory in the form of Booster packs.  For me, that is the fun for me.  I enjoy griding away for booster packs and unlocking certain cards through those methods.  That is the whole point of the game for me.  Also, please take note that you do NOT have to purchase anything!!!  Not even premium boosters for the Mythic cards because you can get nearly all of those in the booster packs you win!  I haven't played a ton of hours and have only unlocked approximately 10-15 packs.  Through those packs I happened to receive 2 Mythic cards.  One of which, The Inferno Titan, is one of my MTG favorites of all time.  I imagine it is as difficult to get the Mythic cards as it would be if you were to purchase the paper copy booster packs.  It makes sense.  With this being said, however, you will need to purchase some of the premium packs if you want some additional cards (including 2 Mythic) but it is certainly not necessary but merely a preference for some, I suppose.  The additional cards to be unlocked in the premium certainly are not overly powerful or game changing in any way.  When all is said and done, if you enjoy griding away, building your decks, and playing a fun all around game then do yourself the favor and pick it up."
,Recommended,255420,11340716,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Aarent (Wu),"Where to begin, i would like to start off with the bad, yes, the 'bad'. In shot Magic 2015 is a ludicrous cash grab and is shameless at doing so, it offers as previous comments advise less in return where single player campaign is compared to its predecessors and is glitchy at best in multi-player.The single player campaign is incredibly short and can be done in a few hours, while the main menu UI at time can be slow and buggy. I have had issues changing the graphical settings to 19:6 instead of 4:3, wen 16:9 is selected it does not offer resolutions below like in the 4:3 menu, and i cannot change the size of the window by dragging a corner (i run win8.1).A lot more love should have gone into a hastily put together single player campaign and allowing the users to change their playing fields would be immensely appreciated to allow users not to feel as if they are in a grind, maybe even make the wall papers switch every match.The mana selection AI at times can be extremely frustrating when it taps out mana in which you could have used for a secondary spell, but also the one key mana selection rotation is horrendous when you have multi-coloured decks and a time limit pushing you, the way the mana stacks is also deceiving.I would have liked to see a easier more specific way to select mana for each spell, but i can understand this most likely is a console port.Another secondary campaign where unlocks are achieved or booster packs given after completion or even a whole new set of challenge mods would win the player base over.In regards to multi-player mode, the removal of 2 headed giant was a mistake. Wizards had soo much potential with this game and they decided to foolishly waste it. Adding an EDH or Commander mode would require a lot of effort, but the reward would be worth it in the end.Match making is horrible as it can constantly freeze when connecting to players far from across the world, i once played a gentleman in the Netherlands and chatting with him about magic was more entertaining than the frozen game we were hosted in.Chat in multi-player could have been better handled, i would have like to have seen a dedicated chat window on the side, instead of constantly having to press a button which brings up a box in the center of your playing field and having to close it again, even with the voip added to the game, i would rather not stress the bandwidth of the match making system then it already is.Full deck customization is a long awaited addition which every magic fan has wanted from the start and wizard knew this, we all realized that with full deck customization that wizard would indeed lose money as we would no longer have to spent large amounts of money on physical cards instead purchasing virtual cards, i think this is why the micro transactions has been added.In conclusion, Magic 2015 is horrible and excellent at the same time, while many will complain about micro transactions and players having an advantage over others, i would take tht with a grain of salt and would like to put to you what magic 2015 is actually good for, and that is saving you the consumer hundreds of dollars in physical magic cards and letting you scratch your magic itch for probably $50 in total.This game is perfect if you know that you spend a lot on cards and just want the ability to scratch an itch, this is your nicotine patch to your tobacco addiction. This is the solution for you if you have a small magic community that isn't worth going to, this is your casual playing friend that you can use one minute and ditch the next.I would say it's worth it....just."
76561198054171704,Recommended,255420,11509930,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Yggdrasill,Own Your Deck.. Own Your Destiny..)))
,Recommended,255420,11514699,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Valakar the Dark,Really fun
,Recommended,255420,11381447,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,NewMeta,"The menu buttons in game are slow and unresponsive. Sometimes I have to click them multiple times for anything to happen. Loading times are unacceptable for a card game running on 2014 hardware. Who ever thought it was ok to impliment scrolling through menu items in order, one at a time, to select them instead of simply having them all layed out like a MENU so you can just click your desired selection does not belong on a PC game development team, period. Other than that, I am satisfie for now."
76561198030046484,Recommended,255420,11349115,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MΣG. Good Pebble,"If you have already played magic for a good few years then i would recommend this game. If you are like me who has a small amount of Magic knowledge i wouldnt buy it, you have to go through the tutorial which is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy and doesnt teach you anytthing, then you have the ""boss"" at the end of the tutorial which ive tried god knows how many times now and can't seem to ♥♥♥♥ing do it, there doesnt really seem to be any difference between difficulties and when you draw your hand it is either full land or no land so you lose ♥♥♥♥ing right off the bat if the deck chooses to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥  that being said i wouldnt waste so long on the start of the game if it wasnt good and i have a feeling its meant for online play.also it feels like it was meant for the console so the mouse is terrible and annoying."
,Recommended,255420,11338676,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zERO,"I bought the complete edition and had a blast playing this. Looking at all thumbs downs and comments you would think this is the worst game ever made. It isn't. All I see is a lot of crying for 2hg which was not a big deal for me. Can't wait  for the dlc, magic was always a steal at 10.00 to me. Cry harder guys, I liked it and I am only writing this to put a rare thumbs up in a sea of thumbs down."
,Recommended,255420,11545377,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,shimmm,"I was really hoping the community would revive to a point where it's a little more than alive, seeing that the magic scene at the local toystore is pretty much dead, replaced by casual phone gaming, kendamas, and console/handheld gaming. It's also a sucker punch to the stomach as ""magic"" is generally considered something that is generally frowned upon, as opposed to chivalry or following certain ethics/code of honor. The frustrating gameplay, rage-quitting mid game, and people who simply say, ""I quit!"" and do not come back to the world of magic are frequent, and I can't really say that I blame them. The gameplay of this game is pretty fun, lots of cards to play around with, and although there are no key cards from theros/m15 set on paper like the planeswalkers or the god cards, you can still make a pretty good cheap goblin deck that can melt faces most of the time. I think they might work in the paper magic scene too. Only if that was still a fad. It's a very good introductory title, and there are a lot of helpful tactics and tips in the tutorial. I understand it might be too much for a lot of people to pay $9.99 for an age old title, but if you still like old fashioned magic, you might enjoy a few hours off from this."
76561198002665926,Recommended,255420,11552977,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,kain8472,the only thing i dont like about this game is it has No cheat protection during  multiplayer. i have played serval people and after 1 or 2 rounds my life points would go to 1 without being attacked or there life points would go to 99
76561198018298781,Recommended,255420,11570552,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,mic339,"In my opinion this game is by far the best in the ""Duels of the planeswalkers"" series (I own all since 2012). Notable improvements are:- You can build decks out of a fairly large cardpool (~800)- You can play against the decks you built controlled by the AI- The AI is fairly decent on planeswalker levelThese improvements come at the expense of some of the game modes that were previously available, but to be honest I didnt spend that much time in the alternate game modes anyway. I am much happier with the deck editor it really extends the lifetime of the game for me and it will make any expansion with new cards (which there will surely be) much more valuable too.Before I got the game I was worried about the negative reviews, but they are largerly exagerated I think. Here are some of the most common negatives mentioned in the reviews and how I experienced them;- Yes the menus are sometimes a bit slow to respond, so I sometimes had to click twice or wait a second. This was not a big deal in my opinion.- You start out with one deck (you choose 2 colors after the tutorial) and have to make cards available to improve your deck. People complain that the starting deck is too weak. I did not share this experience. I picked the blue/red deck and played on the highest difficulty setting (planeswalker) and never got stuck/frustrated. The rate at which you get new cards means you can improve your deck pretty quickly, after winning ~5 games I could change my blue/red deck into a blue/white deck with lots of fliers and a white mythic, for example.In conclusion, I think this is the best game in the ""Duels of the planeswalkers"" series so far and it is easily worth $10."
,Recommended,255420,11281444,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sakkano,"Edit:With a complete playthrough, the game is actually good. There's hightened replayability, and while it sucks that you have to unlock ""premium"" cards with purchases, that's how this game plays in real life. You have to BUY cards. This may seem a bit of a jolt to the casual player who has played previous iterations of the game, and if you like playing with sealed decks, then this is definately not your cup of tea. This version requires you actually study cards and figure out combinations on your own. They aren;t just handed to you, aside from the weak starting decks, made so to inspire you to imporve and evolve inot something devistating.Something to address that many people seem to be complaining about, (aside from 2HG, which sucks if you don't play with people you can talk to or trust) is the mana selection for casting spells. before you actually cast, hit the CTRL button. This button triggers your mana selector and you can highlight the lands you want before casting the card.This game dosen't hold your hand like the previous versions, and in a way, it's somewhat refreshing after you adjust to it. And if you find the AI is too difficult, you can lower it.All in all, continue to play the game when and if you get it. Work with it. It's like clay. At first it's hard, awkward, and unyielding, but the more you work with it, the easier it becomes and the more proud you can be for making your own deck(s) that have been proven against the AI.Original Review:Well, I bought the Complete Bundle and was somewhat displeased that I have to unlock the content I paid extra for, which is four card sets. Having heard that you can fully build decks in this game, I thought I'd throw a little more money down, knowing full well that a PC version of the game is much cheaper than the physical cards. I'm not really sure what to make of it. I feel like I know the game, and yet, this iteration feels so alien to me. Winning cards after AI matches also sometimes dosen't help with the deck you start with. And the starting decks are clunky at best. Many AI matches require you pull the prefect hand to really beat. So there's this obligation to constantly reset the battle in hopes for a better hand.Pros:Actual deck buildingIt's MTGSleek UI (Avatars don't block as much space as they used to)Cons:Clunky starting decks.Pales in comparison to previous iterations of the DotP franchise.Highly obligatory restartsYou will need to drop money for cardsNo Planechase modeNo Two-headded giant modeMenus still not easily navigatedI really expected something better. I find myself suffering from buyer's remorse.Somethings to note: you CAN change your deck, you just have to navigate the menues and select the deck you wish to equip. All the starter decks are available to you.What I'd have liked to see:A Nezumi deckBenefits for veterans who own the previous iterations"
,Recommended,255420,11352979,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Arcanemundi,"I don't have that many hours under my belt yet, but my first impression was similar to some other players who gave negative reviews, although as I played more of the game I warmed up to it.  Like som others on the forums, I also assumed that there was a glitch preventing me from using the decks I paid for until I looked up that you had to progress through the capaigns to unlock them.  The campaigns are relatively easy though, and it isn't hard to unlock the cards.  If you get stuck on one of the later campaigns try switching your booster cards around.Unlike other players, I like the interface, and don't mind the slight delay between menu switching.  Once you get used to it, you start to adapt by hitting escape instead of using the mouse to back out of some menus.  Using both the keyboard and mouse made the navigation more fluidic for me.  If Stainless Games decreased the time it took to switch menus, that would be even better through.The AI isn't perfect, and makes mistakes when you solo, but humans make mistakes too.  The AI rarely makes miskes though, and I haven't played any other game where the AI is flawless anyways.  The deck builder is excellent, and the gameplay interface is also superior to many other card games out there.Overall, this is a solid game, and worth my money.  Some of the criticisms about Magic 2015 I have read are valid, but for me at least, those problems are not game breaking enough to post a negative review, and depends on how sensitive you are to interface details, profit models, and minor gameplay mechanics.  The argument against pay-to-win isn't baseless, but ignores the fact that almost all card games you download on a computer have a similar profit model at heart.  In this market it would be highly unusual for any other profit model to exist.  As a result, it is to be expected, and shouldn't be a shock to players at all unless this is their first time buying a game that uses microtransactions.  Selling a NEW game with a relatively popular title for $9.99 should be a clear indication that the company intends on using microtransactions to pay for the rest of their overhead in making the game.  There are also other clues such as player defined tags in Steam, and forum comments, so I am not sure why so many people were surprised about this, and reeled so hard against it after they bought it.  This is how the real card game works as well, right?If you are on a budget, and can't afford anything more than $9.99, then you most likely will still get $9.99 of enjoyment out of the game before you get bored of the grind or how the interface works.  If you can afford the microtransactions, or even the $19.99 or $34.99, then you will get that much more enjoyment compared to other games with similar price tags."
,Recommended,255420,11370307,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Hyl3rid,"Liked the game, Its fun. Awesome they added a feature so we can build decks. Would like to have the all cards from 2014 too!!!! some cards are there others are missing, wanted a discard deck from 2014 on this one. it just makes sense that if 2015 should have 2014 cards.... Also the game just closed while getting pick a match for multiplayer no idea why just happened."
76561197996731286,Recommended,255420,11395653,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Moonali,Simple AWSOMEFinnely thay did what we all wanted from the first 2012....people have been asking if they coude make the own deck from all cards added to the game and finnely they made it. (before you only had premade decks and unlocked cards ONLY for that deck)TIPS: Dont buy full game for 35€ DONTbuy the simple one and play your way to get all cards insteed. BUT if you dont wanna spend your time to unlock all the cards you are more then welcome to buy full game. You will be able to instant make your deck(s) from start and start your PvP gamingMartinoKing(SvenskaMagic.com)
76561198033913250,Recommended,255420,11443096,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Bulvine,"I've seen a lot of negative on this game but I have played 4-6 hours so far and have enjoyed it very much.  I played the physical game for 20 years on and off, and just don't have time anymore.  This is the perfect way to get a magic fix and it only costs $10.  I am disappointed they took out two-headed giant mp format.  The deck editor is not bad once you unlock the card filter.  I also like that everytime I beat a single player game in campaign mode I unlock a new pack of cards.  The game play is very solid you have about 5 seconds to pause the game after any action to use card effects or instants.  My typical match is 5-10 minutes.  Overall i'd give it 8 out of 10."
76561198009547507,Recommended,255420,11334772,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,GameLikeAGirl22,"People need to calm down.  It's a good game.  It is more expensive than previous iterations, but still less expensive than paper Magic, or other PC games for that matter. I've thoroughly enjoyed the campaign, more freedom deck building and stylistic art.  And I DO recommend others to buy."
76561198141360364,Recommended,255420,11338933,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BigDickSchnauzer,"Fun game, but you only get around half the cards before you have to start buying the rest..."
76561198032099586,Recommended,255420,11368002,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rapier20(R20),plays just like the real game
76561198109068587,Recommended,255420,11410221,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Soule243,"At first I was very frustrated and disapointed with this game but after time i came to really enjoy it. I now completely recommend it to anyone who wants to take up the challenge. I'm hoping however that Wizards of the Coast will come out with a massive update to 'fix' the issues many peple have with the changes they made from previous DOTP's.PROS: -Unlocks through 'free' boosters packs after you win a duel.(DO NOT purchase the complete edition as that only unlocks these cards and takes out       the whole point of the game)-Deck building. A welecome change even though it has its challenges. See cons.-addictive fun once you have a deck that you like to play multiplayer.CONS:-starter decks. vague discription and then you are stuck with it. no preview, nothing. Will take time to build a capable deck meaning it will be a frustrating start.- terrible UI, hard to do what you want it to do- removal of co-op (2-headed giants), challenges, archenemy.-NO ability to 'rematch' in online play.- Custom decks (Deckbuilding); very few amount of cards that you are capable of unlocking (298). This game could benefit from alot more for more deckbuilding options.- The AI however does have these decks with extra cards so you will get very frustrated playing those decks YOU want to build yourself but can't when you are playing through the main campaign.-There just isnt enough of the cards of a particular type to build a deck thats fun. You can't even get a Doomblade or Pacifism. Lol.- Pay to win ""premium boosters"". Truly not needed.So even with the many CONS outweighing the PROS I still find this game fun. I just really hope WotC come out with a much needed update.Please add:-rematch option-2-headed giant-more cards-fix to UI issues"
76561198051210098,Recommended,255420,11583007,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Brooklyn_Express,can i buy booster packs like from 2014 0r 2012 to play on my 2015 version or am i stuck with only 2015 cards to build decks?
76561198182759841,Recommended,255420,16862389,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,hunterpig75,What a grate Game!
76561198066736555,Not Recommended,255420,14446100,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Predator5657,"There are plenty of fun things in magic, unfortunately the designers of this game like to set up uninteractive games where you end up seeing who can count to twenty fastest"
,Recommended,255420,17458158,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Aethelia,"The multiplayer seems to be filled with hacked decks, and the advertisements are very annoying, (""best played on Alienware""? When is that sentence true under any circumstances?), but this is still very much worth buying just for the single player mode anyway so I don't even care. Go, mighty goblin deck! Haven't been able to feel the joy of stomping every type of deck with a Goblin horde since M12."
76561198008348650,Not Recommended,255420,13980269,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Raef,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=374887726Beacose of this i can't recomend this game.It seems to been know issue here but wizard haven't done anything to fix this..Game need multiplayer (wins) to open batle boosters, but as you can see at the link you can beacose ""time loop"".Still having the possibility to make/creat own deck is good but not all booster are there to get due this3/10 overal due to the ""bug"" but after bugfix i could say 7 or 8"
,Recommended,255420,11811172,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,JodiBreezz,Magic 2015 is a great game overall even know it lacks Double Headed Gaint.
76561198008159039,Recommended,255420,11828428,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,sackbop,Good mechanics. There needs to be access to the cards that the computer uses such as dual lands etc. Maybe some simulated booster drafts with 4 or 8 players.
,Recommended,255420,13030004,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nocturnal,Finally you can build your own custom deck and not just edit Pre-Built ones!! Best Magic game so far!
76561198129030216,Recommended,255420,16295577,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jesus Christ,"I bought all the cards cause i got bored, i killed people with cards, is k"
76561198013594187,Not Recommended,255420,13425244,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Straychild,"I woulnd't recommend this game, because 2vs2 was removed."
76561198116101442,Recommended,255420,15322710,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Nematode Johnson,Why not just play paper Magic? meh good
,Not Recommended,255420,12832406,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Strategerize,"Compared to many of the other Magic Duels of the Planeswalkers, this one is the closest feeling to the actual card game in that it allows full deck manipulations. The cons far outweight the pros.  No 2headed, no Arch Enemy and having to ""buy"" cards is just horrid.  You can't even collect all the cards, your limited in what you end up with.  No puzzles, which where fun.  The campaign is super short.  So yeah. 1 step forward, 2 steps back."
76561198060192187,Recommended,255420,12030923,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,D00M,good
76561198015439894,Recommended,255420,14144661,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,vajean,"As good as in Real life, would be nice if we could duel with more than 4 players."
76561198111615444,Not Recommended,255420,15832847,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CracknutEddi,Fixed AI as always unless you buy the DLC's you struggle and have toe build the deck to counter but without the DLC's you cannot single player mode sucks! and I say just find friends and play the real card game as this is is as limited as all the others and AI gets same hand every game So no good review from me and I like the card game but AI is always at an advantage and it is a pain to always have to change out cards so try it for like $1.99 but price is to high for what it is and that is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knock off of the real game
,Recommended,255420,11291969,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Reno Not Real Rank,"Much better than previous magics this one give your full control of deck building , and you obtain cards through open booster packs for winning matches :DCons ; no unuesual game type just vs all v all but its 4 playing so you can ffa or team up!Defo recommend to magic players :)"
76561198045787549,Recommended,255420,11306883,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Floobergobn,"I actually enjoyed the game.  I was happy to finally see a Magic the Gathering video game with full card customization after all of these years.  Many people don't seem to understand that in order for this to work, it is necessary for us to begin with a chosen starter deck, and then earn the rest of your cards.  You can easily farm new cards in the first node of every level to enhace and perfect your deck.  Also, many do not stop to check the default settings in the options menu.  I found it best to try different settings that would benefit my playstyle the best.  For example, I believe that you should be allowed to adjust the amount of lands by default on the deck creation screen.  Also, it should be easier to understand how to choose which mana to tap for all spells, rather than let the game choose for you.With that being said, of course I feel there some grey areas that should be addressed.  I do not mind if WotC/Hasbro wishes to sell extra booster packs, but all of the cards should always be available to earn in game at a reasonable drop rate.  We already payed for the game.  We should not feel forced to pay more for it. The artwork is very nice, but whats up with the brilliant white screens?  I didn't check but also can I change the card table?  Also, I imagine there will be an expansion pack with more things to do like two headed giant, but will there be more new cards?  I would also like to see a few more of the older edition cards like lightining bolt, and classic counterspell cards.  One final gripe is that I seemed to have trouble connecting to a multiplayer game.  It just seems to time out.Anyway I would recommend this game if you like Magic the Gathering, but I would probably wait for an expansion pack or two to come out to fully appreciate it.  Especially if you are new to the game, or have only played the previous versions of this game."
76561198065049658,Recommended,255420,12535048,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tane Plug,"pretie sweggie gaim m9,X88B88look liek voodoo"
76561198351757877,Recommended,255420,32400026,Posted: 13 June,all,ThreeHaddock,I think te game is good. No bad thing to say from me.
76561198030068515,Recommended,255420,16253441,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,okain,"this game how i am learning the basic's of MTG, i tried out duels and that can be fun to agains other fellow Plainswalkerthere are other free card games but MTg is a speciel game i resently started collecting real cards my self and wanted to learn the ruels , i do not know much about the demo"
76561198036102991,Not Recommended,255420,13657254,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mad Pawn,"pretty sweet game but very prone to crashing. a disappointing title overall, but at least it didn't cost much .:/"
,Not Recommended,255420,15346877,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Anubis1289,"this is the worst iteration of magic I have ever played. it might also posibly be the worst game I've ever played. Wizards should be ashamed to have their name associated with this product. the catalouge is a joke the decks that you play against are always stronger than the ones you can build. on top of that even if you have a ""5 Star"" deck you only win about 25% of your games and thats set on easy. I have been playing Magic for about 15 years so you could say I know a thing or two about building a deck and playing the game. most of the rules that the computer playes by are not even rules and it makes illegal moves constantly. all in all this is the most frustraiting game I have ever played and almost ruined magic for me. I would stay far far away from this Giant P.O.S"
76561198021530025,Not Recommended,255420,14808084,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Grovmel,"Basicly mtg has always been about cashgrabbing. But when it comes to computer gaming, i personaly cant stand pay to win games.If you buy a game, that should be it. I could easly have bought a good mtg online game, for full price, if it was about skill to win. The previous mtg dotp games, you could mostly play without grinding a billion hours or buy slots etc. In this game, its not and cant recomend it therefore.Also, this game is dull and has zero inovation, in comparison to the older mtgs out there."
76561197981157232,Not Recommended,255420,15043950,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,junyamintnc,"I purchased the game without reading th reviewed because I enjoyed the 2014 one so much.  If you liked the 2014 one and are hoping for the same joy I can assure you it is not to be found here.Obviously the gameplay of magic is always going to be the same.  However, this game makes progression extremely frustrating (start with a basic deck and play against AI opponents with constructed decks that are flat out better).  Because of this you will either win by chance...which is annoying...or purchase cards to build a good deck.  I was so frustrated I stopped playing after putting in 3 hours trying to grind booster packs.Could be a good game but the game is set up to force you to buy boosters."
76561198022738821,Not Recommended,255420,15287797,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Firevine,"Pros:I like Magic.Deck building.Cons:It's ""new"" Magic, where everything is RARR SMASH DUDES TOGETHAR!!1!!It is whiter than even my pasty faced self, which is blinding.I hate these stupid Planeswalkers.Mark Rosewater needs to retire.Very slow and laggy interface.Changing decks is like watching a David Lynch movie.Did I mention DEAR GOD I'M BLINDI think I hate Garruk second most.Seriously, these guys are literally the worst.  I'd even take the Weatherlight crew back, and I hated those chodes.Things I don't care about:Two Headed Giant.Final Verdict:This is a Vizzerdrix out of 10.  It seriouslykilled the franchise."
76561197963071350,Recommended,255420,11296647,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[Oms!]Divine*,"My honest oppinion after almost nerding it non stop after release. In pro's and con'sPros :-Freedom to build your own decks.-Addicting way to unlock cards/booster packs. (much better than the old way, where you had to win 30 games pr. deck)-Decent cardpool, and I actually do like alot of the new cards, though I do miss many of the old ones.-It's MTG.Cons :-No 2 Headed Giant. This is IMO a complete and utter mindboggling mistake on the development side. The only reason me and so many of the people I play with have spent 100's of hours in DOTP is due to 2HG. It needs to come back in an expansion and it can't come too soon.-Clunky UI on PC, but it's been that way since forever.-The decks you can build are nice and solid, but I do feel like a lot of old cards shoulda been here.Overall : I really like the game, but I can't see myself actually playing it anymore already, due to 2 Headed Giant not being there. It was the sole reason why I've spent countless hours in the previous titles. Why it was removed it beyond me, and when you checked multiplayer games in 2013 and 2014 there were _ALWAYS_ many 2v2 games in 2HG up..... Always. Huge mistake to remove it and it needs to come back."
,Recommended,255420,11324504,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Drjones013,"Given all of the terrible reviews this game has had, and being a guy who gets his jollies from deck-building specifically, I had to buy the game and see for myself. I just beat the game, so I've definitely given it 'a chance,' and I'll probably play it a bit more. Why am I packing the gun so tight? It's very simple: this game is someone's idea of a Pay to Pay to Play.First off, the good points: I'm fairly happy overall with the deck-building aspects in the sense that you can literally build versus only unlock and substitute. I'm also really happy at the base price of the game: at $10 it means that more people can get in and that makes for more diversity in the meta. Despite complaints to the contrary I'm actually okay with the UI and just wish there was a way to turn off all the fancy effects to get the game to run better.Now, the stuff that really annoyed me: The complete edition isn't complete; you're short-cutting your way through most, not all, of the card collection aspects. The game, had it wanted to capture the casual audience, should have allowed for card trading, which this game doesn't, because that's what keeps most people in the community, not just playing the game. That's some seriously lost opportunity, Wizards. The entire reason I started spending real money on Magic was because one man talked to me about deck building and gave me a bunch of commons, giving me the sense that I was now part of something much larger.The card diversity in the game is exceptionally limited. This may have initially been to prevent 'power building' (there are also limitations on the number of duplicates you can have in a deck that don't follow standard) but it really keeps people from feeling the potential of certain sets, particularly Zendikar's 'man lands.' The fact that NPCs in the campaign use some of these missing cards furthered the feeling of frustration.Overall, I'd recommend the base game to someone who was interested in seeing what Magic: The Gathering was all about, but would steer someone who's actually played the game before away to another product. The complete version left me with a terrible taste in my mouth.Rating: 6/10, I would NOT recommend buying the Complete Edition"
,Recommended,255420,11280900,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mr.Doge,"This is my first MTG game that i've played but i really like it the tutorial explains everything and has good design this is so far my favorite game on steam right now, i don't know why people right bad reviews about it is there something im missing?The game is not P2W and it is challenging even on the easiest mode! So, for new people like me don't worry it won't be TOO EASY it took me almost an hour to think of a way to defeat the first story boss until i finally found a way it was so simple i can't belive i didn't think of it AT THE BEGINNING. 10/10 Love it."
,Recommended,255420,12756642,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[AL_iG] Seagull,More stable than MTGO.
76561197982529326,Recommended,255420,12783101,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,WaylandX,"Fun game! Great way to learn how to play Magic, you only need to buy the $9.99 versionAs you play you unlock all the cards.Single player is good"
76561198025897458,Recommended,255420,12805118,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kreon,"You got ♥♥♥♥ing entirely custom made decks and y'all are ♥♥♥♥♥ing? 38% reviews are positive, cmon."
76561198033865979,Recommended,255420,11355323,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Lowgrin,"Go play hearthstone, it's free."
76561198027263345,Recommended,255420,11286843,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Strahde,"Before purchasing this newest updated to MGT:DotP ask yourself this.Did you buy this game without reading a review and were looking for two headed giant mode?Do you expect that the starter deck that you choose should win every match easily?Do you feel that are the best MGT player in the world so that this game should pose no challenge and you will win every duel?If you answered no to the first three questions stop right here and pat yourself on the back.  If you answered yes, you may find more satisfaction playing 2014.  2015 returns many features of the first MTG computer game back to the player that have been missing for a long time.  You will be asked to pick your favorite color of deck and given a few options based on that decision.  This starter deck is just like most starter decks in that it has a ton of commons, a few uncommons and a rare.  Finish the tutorial and you are rewarded with a second rare for your deck.It will next be up to you to optimize the deck as you proceed through the story which will be challenging to start.  After each win your deck has the potential to grow in strength.  Just like in the real world you are rewarded with booster packs which does not always guarentee you a card that helps your deck.  After each plane you have the option to stay on that plane and play random matches for a plane themed booster or move on to the next plane.Each plane has its own set of cards you can aquire and it will be up to you if you wish to continue your journey and speed through the game or to take some time and aquire additional cards to increase the power of your deck.  As with most MTG:DotP games there are a couple planes that you will traverse through and several challenges per a plane.If you enjoy the freedom to customize your deck as you see fit and found the previous versions rather limiting then 2015 is a solid purchase.  Multiplayer to start is limited to 1 player per a deck and hopefully gets an update soon.  For the price of $10 you have the ability to get around 80% of the available cards with an additional set being only available via purchased boosters. If the idea of having to spend some extra money to have all available cards for multiplayer turns you off you may want to pass on 2015 and purchase / stick to 2014."
,Recommended,255420,11329619,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sir_Bertran,"Wonderful!! At last! We get the game, where we can create your own unique decks likewise in the real MTG. Moreover, all players have got same card collection, that means same opportunities and same power, so only skill is matter now for victory! Get this game, and play with pleasure!P.S. Interface is traditionally horrible."
,Recommended,255420,11295584,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Vosoros,"There seems to be a great deal of negativity surrounding Magic 2015, but as a player who's dabbled with the card and PC games over the years, I'll simply say this;...I like it!Sure, maybe some things are a little awkward to navigate at first, but I got used to that fast and I'm fine now thanks.  There's an awesome mode missing?  A two-headed giant or some such so you're going hate the game for that?  Ermmm, OK...that seems a little petty and weird.  There are some awesome ways to play with here regardless...We have deck construction now.  Once you reach Theros in the single player campaign, you can build and save as many decks as you wish, and change which one you wield.  However, unless you treated yourself to the Complete Bundle, you'll take a while after reaching Theros in the Campaign to unlock a great many cards to build another deck you can play with.  But you  CAN change your deck if you build one, save it and change your deck choice by going to your profile...or just click your persona image at the bottom right.To help you unlock more cards, each land you explore in the campaign has an explore bit.  You can replay this multiple times to repeatedly unlock more FREE cards.  You DON'T need to buy the Complete Bundle unless you want all the cards form the get go of reaching Theros in the campaign to deck build.  Just play to win...If you'd like to muse on which deck colour combination to start with, please take a look here;http://community.wizards.com/forum/mtg-duels-planeswalkers/threads/4107676Just...ignore the naysayers and take a look for yourself.  I think you maybe pleased it you don't broach the game with preconceptions and expectations.  That's an approach that always disappoints.  I have this game...now Hearthstone can suck it!  :P"
,Recommended,255420,11322744,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kel,I like it.
76561198044436439,Recommended,255420,11329553,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MagicSeeker,This game is a wonderful way to bring new players to Magic: The Gathering while still being a challenge to experinced players. The new way in which the deck is customized is the best among all other Duels of The Planeswalkers and I believe is what makes this game unique among them. And for the first time since the 2012 version it's possible to make a three colored deck in DoTP. Overall I think this game is great and an imrovement over all others Duels of The Planeswalkers games.
76561198002295362,Recommended,255420,11292837,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tairyu  タイラー,"You can build your own decks now, finally!But let's clear up what's angering people and to what i see why this is getting so many negative reviews:You must complete 2 things:  First the  tutorial.  although,  you may skip to the last battle of the tutorial,  Second you must also compete a few (i believe 3) missions of campaign before being able to create a new deck.After that collecting cards is fast and easy.  Campaign can be replayed with a mission called  ""explore [plane name]"" i.e: Explore Ravnica, available on each set of missions for one booster pack.  There are five sets of missions via campaign.   Booster packs offer 14 cards with one rare.  That's a lot for getting cards.Multiplayer battles offer a booster pack after each win.  Have a friend?  You can easily grind matches to get boosters.   Boosters are also offered after almost all campaign missions first time through.There are many new cards and more in general from previous editions of Magic the VG.There are so many bags of tricks available for seasoned magic players to enjoy an online version with slick U.I and graphics, mostly intelligent A.I and its relevant!   that is worth the cost of money.Vs. battles don't take 20 mins to find.There is no 2HG.  I personally hope and completely believe that fact will change in the future with a patch or possible addition of some form.  It is disappointing but, currently irrelevant to my satisfaction.Bottom Line:Whatever level of enjoyment you found from other years;  you will find  this one extremely more pleasing..9.99 -- Worth it."
,Recommended,255420,12435828,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Michal CZ,"Definately a better game than duels 2012.2013 and 2014pros:-custom deck building-sleek interface-no bugs or glitches-easy to runcons:-difficulty is very hard even at easy ( I got pummeled on tutorial)-No two headed giant,planechase or archenemyOverall I would give it a 7/10 as the difficulty really pisses me off sometimes but still a very good game."
76561197986052940,Recommended,255420,11319414,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pythe,"First of all, I wrote this review after I have beaten the single player campaign, unlocked all non-premium cards, Personas, Titels and achivements exept those requireing 100 multiplayer wins.This is no ""I couldn't beat the first boss, qq."" kind of reviews. I played throgh the entire game without paying anything extra and it wasn't only managable, but also fun.If you want the tl:dr version, I will include it at the bottom of the review.At the start of the game you get asked how much expirience you allready have with Magic. And this time they really mean it. I choose ""Planeswalker""(hardest difficulty) and some of the later encounters really gave me a beating. This time the difficulty doesn't only change how well the Ai plays, but also how many strong cards they have. If you see yourself facing overwhelming odds, considder lowering the difficulty.After finishing the tutorial you get to chose your first deck. You have 10 total to choose from, one for every possible 2 color combination. During the tutorial the game briefly explains the stengths of every color and there is a short description of how the different decks play like but you cannot playtest them before locking in your choice.Once you have choosen your deck you are more or less stuck with it. Your deck are the only cards you start off with and to change it or make a new one you first have to unlock new cards. In the long run it won't matter what deck you choose from since you can unlock all non-premium cards by defeating the AI.Unlocking cards has also been speeded up from previous games. Instead of unlocking a single new card every time you defeat the ai you now get a booster containing multiple cards. It will still take some time but unlike M14 (where after 180+ hours i still haven't unlocked all the cards) it's much less of a grind.The big addition to M15 is the ability to freely build your own decks. With 30 deckslots and a nice cardpool it is what a lot of have asked for since the beginning of Duels of the Planswalker. You are free to add as many colors and lands to your deck as you like. However, beeing able to build your own custom decks isn't only upside. The overall power of the cards is lower then it was in previous versions. You can only add 3 uncommens, 2 rares or 1 mythic with the same name, to your deck. This way players can't run for example 4 Brimaz and 4 Baneslayer Angels in their deck and simply crush everything. When i first heared of this i thoght this may be dealbreaker for me but it turned out I liked it because it makes your rares actually feel rare.Some of the filter options in the deckbuilder are locked depending on your progress in the singleplayer campaign to not overwhelm new players. It's a minor annoyence for those who want to use them early in the campaign but at that point your collection shouldn't be so big as that you need them anyways.I have allready mentioned that the Ai is more challenging this time around but it's also fun playing against non-Boss encounters multiple times. Previously non-boss encountes where scripted where the AI would play the same cards on the same turns every time you faced them making them verry predictable after facing them for the first time.In M15 they now use actual decks, are no longer scripted and are a lot of fun to play against multiple times.Allthogh i enjoyed most of the changes to the game it's the same as with every other duels of the planswalker:It's taking a step in the right direction while also taking a step the wrong direction somewhere else.This time around it is the menu and it's navigation. it's the worst it has ever been and makes even trival things like changing decks a pain. You can tell it was made with tablets in mind but playing with mouse and keyboard the menu is just horrendous. It is slow, clunky and a big step backwards from M14.Gone are also Revenge mode and the challenges of previous versions. While I suppose the higher difficulty serves as an replacement for Revenge solving those unique and often crazzy puzzles of ""how to win this turn"" gave a really fun and unique spin to magic. they didn't have much replayability but i enjoyed them none the less.Two-Headed Giant, a popular 2 vs 2 gamemode is also no longer available.I will also briefly touch on premium boosters. The way I see it for 10€ or whatever the currency is you are paying Duels of the Planswalkers is a steal compared with the actuall cardgame. You even get a real booster with printed cards using the code you recieve when buying it.Premium cards act like additional dlc and for those who enjoy the game and are willing to pay more. Having additional cards is always an advantage but in this case a verry and I mean verry minor one and those premium cards are in no way required to beat the game of compete with your friends.Overall I'd say If you like magic and/or liked the previous duels you most likely will enjoy this one too. A lot of things have changed but the core, as in the actuall game, is as good as ever. But now you can build whatever you want out of the cardpool you are given.If you are new to magic and interested in it: Duels of the planswalker is the best way to get into it. It is cheaper then the printed cardgame and magic online and with the smaller cardpool it's easier to get into it without beeing overwhelmed.It's especially worth considdering if you are facing the same decks over and over again in Hearthstone and sick of waiting for curse of naxxramas. ;DI know this was a really long read and I hope you found it enjoyable and helpfull.tl;dr:the good:Free deck building!!!challenging AINo more scripted encountersthe bad:Menu hard to navigate on pcNo 2 headed giant and challenges"
76561198028010752,Recommended,255420,12702441,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DiabolicMessiah,Slightly better than the previous editions. simply because you're given the option to taylor make your own decks with the cards you get in the booster packs that you win as opposed to only being able to use premade decks.
,Recommended,255420,12717508,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,scumfuck flowerboy,"People may complain, but it's better than MTGO by a long shot.  Plus the fact that in general it's a better game than Hearthstone, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,255420,11310621,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,CaptThad,"Alright, so this is a new direction for the DotP series.  Has a slew of pros and cons, but the main thing is to not go in expecting the same old DotP.Pros:The major pro is the new deckbuilding.  In the tutorial, you'll pick two colors.  Each color has a starter package, and the two packages you pick are your starter deck.  After you clear the first chapter with this starter deck (took me about 40mins, but results may vary), you unlock full deck building and can earn booster packs from winning battles.Each chapter in the campaign offers boosters built from a different pool.  You can check your unlock progress in the main menu. Takes a while to build up, but it's decently well done.  I'm not sure if there's a limit to decks that can be built, but they don't try to sell slots like Magic 2014.Some nice QoL touches here and there too, like being able to customize your deck from the campaign menu (without going all the way out and back in every time you want to swap a card out) and a much cleaner battle UI. The menu UI animations can be a little slow though.Cons:On the cons side, the pool for deck building feels limited.  It's especially noticeable once you get into the second chapter and start taking on the AI's high synergy theme decks.  A fair amount of the cards used for these synergy builds aren't available in the card pool.  Your synergy options are pretty limited--they were clearly more focused on basic variety--and that leads to a lot more brute force/control building in deck design. Kind of a let down for high synergy builders like myself.There's an additional smaller card pool for 'premium cards' as well, which can only be unlocked via purchase of booster packs ($2 each).  You get one prem pack free if you own Magic 2014.  Not too keen on the pay wall when the main pool is so tight already. Half of the prem cards are game specific fodder cards (like the rings in a previous DotP), but there are a handful of nice synergy options in there for particular builds. Equipment guys will pine for Stoneforge mystic, aura gnarlid is a sore spot for Aura decks, etc.  $2 would buy a couple expansion decks in previous DotP games, now it'll buy 10 cards you may or may not even need/want.  Not a great move if they plan on making these cards inviable again in a year--most people will just get by without and hold it against them.Some people are miffed by the lack of certain multiplayer modes, like 2HG.  Should be expected with deck building though, it'd be rough to incorporate the unified deck rules without forcing prebuilt decks.  Typical case of making one group happy resulting in upsetting another group. FFA is the only multiplayer option._ _Overall, the fun factor outweighs the cons for me.    It's magic, it has deck building, and there's enough there to make a variety of viable (if not particularly amazing) decks.  It's by no means perfect, and hopefully it's just a stepping stone for Magic 2016. If they drop some affordable expansions to really buff the card pool, the value will greatly increase.I like it enough to recommend it to people who are into Magic. The asking price isn't too high, and there's some room to grow. If any of the above doesn't sound appealing though, then caveat emptor."
,Recommended,255420,11278643,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TheCook,"I really don't get the amount of negative reviews here from people who barely played the game. It's just too early to say its P2W or give any form of insight on how the booster system works.Also, this is not Hearthstone this is Magic. The AI isn't hard at all, if someone is familiar with magic. I played through most of the campaign on medium difficulty  and only lost once against an AI enemy.The game has beautiful graphics and audio, as well as an clean and user friendly UI. If people really want to know if they should buy this game or not, they should wait some days to get reviews from people who played it for many hours."
76561197987603728,Recommended,255420,12698288,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,dont i just look russian,good game i must say
,Recommended,255420,11397105,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Soul,Love the game even though it is really rough to start. After yo uget over the starting hump the game is really enjoyable and the AI is actually challenging.
76561198111851967,Recommended,255420,11302710,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Cowabunga,"Yes they took out 2hg, but multi player still has 1v1, 3player (why?) and 4player. Its simple enough to go into a 4player game and say...""hey you two on a team, us two on a team.""I bought the 10 dollar version and being able to actually unlock packs to upgrade my deck is way more fun than 2014 unlocking a predesignated card each time, pulling 7 random cards and getting the ones you want makes it way more rewarding and kept me playing longer than i ever did in one sitting of 2014.You can skip the tutorial on the second or third mission, and get right into picking your deck, yes you have to beat the first area to unlock full customization which is lame, but its nothing that breaks the game.Overall i already have had more fun with 2015 in one day than i did in 2014."
76561198058749155,Recommended,255420,11526422,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Katrisa,"First if you buy Magic 2015, just buy the 9.99 version and consider buying some boosters later on (there are a maximum of 14 boosters which will give you all premium cards).  With 9.99 spent and some grinding you can unlock 90% of the cards in the game.Overall thoughts:  I had a very nice experience playing Magic 2015 with only a few bumps.  First and formost the game is fun to play and there are a large number of interesting PvE computer enemies and decks to play against with interesting challeneges that will often require you to shuffle your deck around some to adjust against there tactics.  Likewise once you have unlocked a fair number of cards it is extremely fun to play online multiplayer against other players and see the different decks people have built.   There are quite a number of interesting tactics which work in the multiplayer games with the free cards available.  The premimum cards allow a few other tactics but really are not required to be competatively viable in multiplayer games.  I quickly worked up 50 hours of play over a week before my vacation and had an extremely fun time playing.  If you only buy the base game at $9.99 you should have a very fun time with your money really well spent.  I strongly recommend you do NOT buy the special or complete editions of Magic as you are really just unlocking content early leading to your playtime having very few unlocks as you play through (and spending extra money on something you would unlock for free).Pros to Magic 2015:Many PvE enemies are availble with interesting decks to play against.The marjority of the cards can be unlocked for free.The $9.99 purchase gives you many hours of enjoyment without requiring any addtional money spent.The PvE game is quite challeneging and ramps up in difficulty nicely.The updated UI plays well during games and is easy to learn.Deck building works great and is quite balanced with the current available cards.Multiplayer games are a blast and there are many interesting tactics that you can use.You cannot get more copies of any card than you could put in a single deck, so you rappidly will fill out your entire card collection.When buying premium boosters you know you will get the full set after 14 boosters exactly (you can't buy any more as your set will be complete).Cons to Magic 2015:Difficulty can be very high early for some players (lower the difficulty to the lowest when you start out).Once you complete the tutorial you are locked to your current starter deck.It takes a while to buildup enough boosters to build a new deck/color approach.There are less immidiate features and game modes than past Planeswalker games.Premium cards cost quite a bit for what ultimately is a small sub-set of the cards (~$30 for the 14 premium boosters)."
76561198020310818,Recommended,255420,13022423,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vampiernocturnis,"I don't understand all the negative reviews.  If you are a magic player, then you should like this game.  It's the best in the series so far."
76561198065166341,Recommended,255420,11303732,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,kauefakri,"I started playing Magic 2014 and really liked the game itself, the interface and the strategy required to win. I just played a few houres of Magic 2015 and not just the interface, but the game structure is much better and much more instigating than 2014! The graphics are improved and the campaign method to get more cards and start with a single deck makes the game far more interesting to be played. Congratulations to Wizards! Great game!"
,Recommended,255420,11294619,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,M.I.N.T.,"Wrote this for someone who asked on the forums. Figured I may as well copy/paste it here.The bad:UI is slow, clunky, obnoxious to navigate, and all-around one of the worst UIs I've ever seen out of a professional developer.Repeated in-game advertizements for other Magic products; these were in previous versions, but usually only appeared once at specific points in the campaign; in 2015 I get an ad screen 1 out of every 4 games.Full game experience doesn't unlock until after finishing 20% of the single-player campaign; even people who paid extra for unlocks specifically to skip the single-player have to deal with that.Usual technical issues and broken card interactions that we've come to expect from Stainless.Small number of cards locked behind a paywall; none of them are required, but some of them are quite good. Your collection will never be complete unless you shell out an extra $28.Two-headed giant game mode removed. The game was nowhere near as popular as its proponents would have you believe, but it was still fun, and the fact that it was removed does suck.Crappy starter decks; once you finish the tutorial you're stuck with whichever deck you chose until you unlock enough cards to build a better deck.The good:Game is far better optimized than previous versions, especially 2014. I can actually watch videos on one monitor and play the game on the other without having the game lag horribly this year.Full deckbuilding experience with a good variety of cards and possibly viable strategies despite the limited card pool and pay-only cards. Up to 30 slots for custom decks.Players always get priority to cast spells and activate abilities between first strike combat damage and normal combat damage; in previous versions, this only happened if a triggered ability went off during the first strike damage step.Much better single-player campaign overall; large variety of opponents, and no stacked decks for the AI this year.Unlocking cards is light years faster than in previous versions.Still the cheapest way to enjoy Magic without dipping into the legal grey area of unofficial products like Cockatrice and Magic Workstation.Overall:Solid. If they hadn't designed the UI exclusively for iPads with a focus on pretty effects at the expense of functionality, it would definitely be the best version of DotP to date.As it stands, it's still a good deal for $10."
76561198074296937,Recommended,255420,11282420,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sylar,meh
76561198096831648,Recommended,255420,11476666,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,MinnieTwoDelta,"This game is fantastic, especially for new players! Very helpful on teaching you how to play."
,Recommended,255420,11463551,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,McShico (Vanpoid),"Love the new Magic 2015, it's awesome!!!"
76561198031663678,Recommended,255420,11519115,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Glenndar,"I pre-purchased this - and nearly didn't play after reading the wave of negative reviews.  But glad I did play - it's easily the best in the series.   The 'grinding' that everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about is THE GAME.  There's easily weeks of game play alone unlocking all the cards, Ive been having hours of fun doing this.  Deck building is great.  The AI is good.   The gameplay quick and intuitive.  I do agree the menus are slow and clunky.  Regarding the 'paywall'  - I'm not far enough into the game to feel I need to buy premium packs yet, I guess I'll feel the pressure online or on higher levels when I'm up against the very best decks, I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.  But for the 6.99 you'll get your money's worth - after that, if I do have to pay up,  it's probably no more expensive than buying a console game for £40, and I can't see the injustice in that if the game is worth it."
76561198061032705,Recommended,255420,11317617,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ziode,"Summary: Is the game worth 10Eur? Yes, but many downsI started playing magic at Revised and owns the DoP 13, 14It is sad to see that the games gets worse and worse. DoP13 was very good with great balanced deck. Me and my friends have been having much fun in 2HG.In DoP14 they introduced some decks that were very overpowered (annhalitor deck) and the other deck couldnt do to much about it. This resulted in that me and my friends got bored very quickly. I was not fun.With DoP15 2HG is removed! Yes I am not joking.The horrible deck mixing or randomization from the other games is still here. = sometimes you play games with 20 lands and no creatures or spells OR you simply get no lands at all. Sure it COULD be the case, but it happens way to often.My main concern however is that this i a buggy console clone. You need step through alot of menues rather then reaching the main menu directly or simply click the option you want directly.Many of the built in functions will choose things for your worst. Especially mana selection. However you can hover over the card and press left Ctrl.Some of the timers take very long time considered you or the opponent have no option to do anything.BUT when I really want to cast an instant, I often end up being to late and not able to stop the timer, this is very annoying.A interesting bug was when I got cards from the deck I had played against before, a card I dont even have in my collection!!A stupid bug was that the autoland function added a swamp to my deck, when I did'nt even had a black card in it.It might be an ability that used black mana that led to this.I think it is unfortunate the game did'nt turn out better since now there is compitition (Heartstone)Instead of winning over new Magic players from Heartstone this game might actually scare them away. I don't know if this game is targeting new players. The tutorials are very simple but I think the start decks could be better. And some decks you play against are very balanced."
,Recommended,255420,12571048,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,C@RL1T0$,I Am new to Magic But the Game is awesome Best TCG
76561198033718417,Recommended,255420,11332925,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SpiderParadox,"I came into this game very skeptical and at first I didn't like it.However, after playing it for some time, I've really come around.The freeform deckbuilding is actually very good, and once you actually get some cards, making new decks is quite fun, and it makes the multiplayer a lot more varied than previous editions, where you could tell a player's strategy right away from the color he was playing.The biggest disservice this game does is that the opening decks are very poorly made.  Getting through the single player campaign the first time is just terrible, because your deck is really just bad compared to others.  This gets better once you get some cards, but getting to that point sucks.Yes, there is premium content, but as far as I've seen I can still make good decks while just pretending it doesn't exist.  If you want the premium content it's an extra $25 ish dollars, so that really does suck.  But overall I feel the game is being hated on more than is deserved."
,Recommended,255420,11358791,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jabking,"This Game has some negative reveiws but I personnally like AND recommend this game.Magic 2015 is a £7 game with micro transactions. After the tutorial, The game allows you to get Booster Packs from beating your opponents and build your own deck from most/all the new sets of magic while starting you off with a deck of your choice. there are 5 planes, with 4+ Set duels for you to progress through. But, there is also an 'Explore' button that chooses a random battle for you to face that, like the set battles, give you a booster pack to open. I would talk about the Multi-Player but I haven't tried it personelly yet as I have spent my time happpily building decks and beating the main game.Now, everyone hates microtransations but I don't mind this game's micro transactions because they are not forced, during loading screens, it will either tell you about magic in general or tell you about your current scenario. The only place you'll find the Microtransactions are in the store tab of the main menu and on this page. Unlike games like Call of duty, This game doesn't mention new DLC packs or Customisation packs everytime you open one of the multiplayer menues or deny access from a lobby as it goes into a new map.Pros+ Fun Gameplay+Fair Story+Deck Customisation+Booster packs are easily obtained (as in you don't have to beat on estimation 30 battles for a Pack OF 5 CARDS, like in hearthstone)Cons-There are Microtransations-A few Bugs (Yet not game Braking and will hopefully be patched soon)"
,Recommended,255420,11385398,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Stormtrooperdood,"Magic 2015 - two steps forward, one step back.Magic 2015 gives users what they have been screaming for ever since the first ""dules of the planeswalkers"" the ability to create your own deck. Which is sexy and awesome. BUT there is a catch.<<--microtransactions-->>yes...2015 treads the line of ""pay to win"" unless you buy the complete bundle your going to have a hard time, you get one starter deck, that is very lame. And you are going to be flogged by the AI and players (if you go online.) If your able to sack up and make it through the campain slowly unlocking boosters that oddly give you the cards you dont want, you can slowly build a deck that is able to hold its own. and yes it is very possible i purchased the 9.99 version and from my 13 hours of gameplay i am now able to win 3/5 games online and have completed 85% of the campain, not too shabby.ORi could buy all the cards right now (including the premium cards you cant unlock for free) go online look up someone elses OP deck. copy it. And be able to steam roll through the campain (which would only be for the achievements since i would have all the cards already and no longer need boosters) and be able to stay very competitive online with the best of em. And it would only take me less than an hour to so.Personally i spend enough of my money on real magic cards, so this doesnt please me, and many other users would agree.Is the game fun? yes its magic, if you like magic your gonna like this gameis deck building worth it? Yes if you enjoy building real life magic decks your gonna like this gameso yes i would recommend this to previous fans of the Magic video games and fans of Magic in general.are there more strings attatched than previous versions ? oh hell yes.Do i feel they should have made the game 15 bux and cut out the microtransaction BS? your damn straightSo the choice is up to you, Keep the hand you draw? or mulligan and wait for the eventual Magic 2016....and hope they fix things.This game JUST passed my recommend-o meter so take that as you will.P.S. Navigating through the menus is PAINFULL, i reccomend a hot cup of tea and some biscuts to help you get through it."
,Recommended,255420,11381369,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,TheCourier,the transitions in the menus take way too long its super annoying. if you want to unlock all the cards in the game you will have to pay an extra 13$ to buy all of the premium booster packs. also there are adss within the actual game sometimes when you explore the realms which can be a bit annoying. The deck customization is pretty awesome and much better than the previous magic games as you can make any deck you want to with all the cards in the game instead of having preset decks with minimal customization. Sadly they removed pretty much the best game mode that was in magic 2014 two headed giant though there is still a 4 player option it is free for all so kind of dissapointing.The gameplay is good. Menus Suck. Deck Customization is #1. No Two Headed Giant. Have to pay real money for certain cards.Great game improvements could be made in a lot of places though. Buy the game its fun and who knows maybe in the future the game will be updated in certain areas to make it better.
,Recommended,255420,11281037,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Omnitraxus Prime,"TL;DR in the front.It's like any other traditional TCG video game, you have to grind to unlock cards or pay for the full edition which comes with block sets of cards. This causes early game to be very hard/slow, but allows extra gameplay value for those who care for good deck composition (or those who have big wallets!). 7.5/10Pros:+Full deck customization allows various play styles and mixed sets to be used+Sharper, more clean look overall and menus appeal to the eye more than ever+Very large gameplay value as you can grind for cards to include into your deck and change you game plan+Amazing tutorials for beginners to learn how to play and jump straight into the action+Includes very recent cards to the actual MTG meta including cards from the entire Theros blockCons:-Slower menus, there aren't that many, but you can notice the clunkiness in it.-The attempted cash grab will affect the online meta game due to the ability to buy packs and collections-Grinding may feel like a chore at some points, especially when starting the game off-The opening decks are awful and getting more cards using them is a hassle (I recommend easier difficulties if you are desperate-No Two-Headed Giant mode meaning there are only head to head solo matches left for online play.Now for the review:The menus seem to move slower than in the last game due to the enhance visuals that make them look cooler than they actually are. It only takes moments to get into the action so that is negligible. The gameplay itself is VERY TOUGH given the circumstances when you start. You are given a choice from a few premade starter decks, and are shoved along into the hellish Magic universe. As you would expect, a premade starter deck will be buns and the computer will not care one bit, and that's the point. You grind to get somewhere, if you don't want to grind in a TCG game, you must have been living under rocks because that's how they are normally formatted.What set this game apart from it's previous installments is that you now have FULL deck customization at your disposal, allowing you to not work off a shell and give you the freedom to create decks using cards from a wide range of previous sets that have come out in the last couple of years (even including the Theros block). Creating the decks however is dependent on how much grinding you are willing to do to get the cards, or how much money you want to spend to get the cards. BUT THIS MEANS IN NO WAY THAT YOU HAVE TO BUY PACKS. They are simply cash grab packs that you may unlock by simply PLAYING THE GAME YOU BOUGHT. Most vets of the series may complain that they have to grind hour upon hour to play online with a decent deck to stand up to online competition, in that case either buy the complete bundle or actually sit around and play Magic like your inner nerd wants you to.The opponents are more versatile, they no longer run on the ""Encounter"" system as they did in the previous installments and now have a wider variety of gameplay/decks so you aren't playing against the same AI that does the same exact thing every time.Overall the game is not too much better due to some of the cons killing the pros in the long run, but if you're looking for a MTG game that lets you play MTG in the most realistic format, this is the game for you."
76561198056369954,Recommended,255420,11327843,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Cruxors,it's good
76561197972406701,Recommended,255420,11289984,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Krex,"Do not get this game, even though the idea of creating ur own decks is good the card pool is just too limited. A way to get more cards are to buy ingame boosters so it will not be just a one off purchase if u want to do well in this game.having played further there is a bit more choice than i first thought - it is also possible to get some premium cards during campain play however not all, this game still however requires a bit of a grind to get any kind of cards. And it is still quite limited however for only £7 it could be worth a shot if u want to play magic without having preset decks. I still find the other magic games to be better however."
,Recommended,255420,11428642,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Grand Illusions,"It's a step in the right direction, but it feels empty... Hopefully we can get a new set of cards via DLC or something of the like."
,Recommended,255420,11435613,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pojojojo,I bought Magic 2015 on the 2nd day it was released and it was totally worth it. One of the biggest reasons why is because of Wizard's decision to do away with pre constructed decks. Magic 2014 had great pre constructed decks but it made me feel lazy and uncreative. Magic 2015 lets you choose your starter deck and allows you to modify it and make it stronger as you play through the campaign. I just beat the campaign and it was my deck building decisions that made me feel like I had actually accomplished something.
76561198074657760,Recommended,255420,11438019,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ulyssescant,"TL;DR81/100  New to MTG?  Play this game!  Familiar with MTG but only care to play casually or don't have the money to sink into competitive (especially STD) decks?  Play this game!I've not had any bug issues.2HG is, unfortunately, gone.Navigating menus can get annoying.  I rec using arrow keys over your mouse!Clicking on your persona or pressing SPACEBAR will offer a few menu shortcuts--including Practice Duel (which can be switched to multiplayer in your settings), Deck Selection, and your MTG profileMy Reviewsome of this is in regard to the negative reviews I've seenEven with recent improvements to the official MTG: Online client, it pales in comparison to this lite, Steam version in terms of appearance and match flow.  Of course, the decks aren't limitless, but it's a great value.  Furthermore, it’s a better fit for more casual players or players that just can’t sink the money into maintaining legal standard decks.  For anyone complaining that this is a pay-to-win “scam,” I urge them to recall just how much they had to spend to perfect one, real deck for league matches.  You could easily end up spending more money on multicolored land cards alone for ONE deck, than the cost of this entire game.  Which brings me to my next point!  This game is great for the exposure players get to different types of decks.  Consider the campaign—how many of us would see 1/2 of these cards in a match if not for this Steam game?  Moreover, having multiple decks readily available that we have deemed “perfect” (with what’s available) that we can actually compete with is Awesome.  The money that would need to be invested to do that with physical cards or even through the official client is astronomically higher.The deck building couldn’t be easier as preset templates are offered to help players achieve certain goals with their decks.  The templates are not forced, however, as you can start from scratch, a much-desired improvement.  And I just HAVE to say:  although I can make substantially less decks, I really don’t feel I’m producing more cookie-cutter type decks on this Steam game than if I were playing competitive standard matches.  There are always going to be some broken cards/decks and there are always going to be counters.  Again, anyone complaining, if they cared enough, is capable of playing with physical cards at their closest Friday Night Magic or playing through the official client.The bottom line:  Even IF someone felt they “had” to spend the 35 bucks or whatever the full unlock price is, I still think it’s a value.  I easily drop over $35 on a night out, which would be for substantially less than six hours.  So I’m getting about 20 nights out worth of hours for the price of one."
,Recommended,255420,11454612,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Northborne,"A vastly improved game over its prequels. For the first time you can build your own decks with the booster packs you win. Still doesn't nearly compare to the real life version of MTG but for what it's worth, it does a great job at providing some entertainment to both new and veteran players."
76561198026203872,Recommended,255420,11458563,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CrazyBlend,"Finally, a version of DotP that really feels like Magic, because you can build decks they way they were meant to be built... with full access to all of the cards in your collection."
76561198118656781,Recommended,255420,11455231,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,mmm673,This game is a great way to get into Magic. I have loved playing it. Each round takes around 30 min.
76561198043558699,Recommended,255420,11462449,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,PeferG17 [LSGC/AT],"I know most people so far are upset by this game, but I have a different opinion. I actually like this game, the fact that it finally has a deck builder is great. That being said, there are some serious problems.Firstly, the menu feels like it is being controlled by a TV remote ( it responds sort of... when it wants to). The second big issue is that the Premium boosters do feel like pay to win.Maybe I got lucky or something but I did not run into the issue that my starter deck was weak. I chose the Red & Black deck and it worked very nicely to unlock other cards.To wrap things upProsFinally a deck builder that actually works.Unlockable cards (it might just be me but I enjoyed that mechanic)It's a fun game for ONLY $10 (I personally have gotten at least $10 worth of fun out of this game.)ConsMenu is slow... really slow sometimesPremium Boosters are essentially pay to winNo built in resolution setting? (Unless I missed it. Also I should not have to change an ini file to change my resolution,)"
,Recommended,255420,11460970,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,HayHarut,"PROS-deckbuilding is fun-the enemy AI is good for the most part-multiplayerCONS-the campain is still scripted in a way that gives the NPCs a smooth flow of lands and casts(especially counters) while youre just sitting there either land starved or cast starved, most of the time-you need to grind the campain to have access to all the cards-you need to stick with the starter deck you choose and(a.) they are not the same as the intro packs(b.) they suck-limited game modes. was expecting a true multiplayer sealed play-land taping AI is pitifulbut still, its fun, quite a bit frustrating in single player but fun."
76561197981900099,Recommended,255420,11409235,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Sgt.Big,very good game and you cant made your's deck with the unloked card
,Recommended,255420,11390521,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,m4z4r,"I have enjoyed playing this game thusfar, cleared all single player content, unlocked all campaign cards, and played a few online matches, where people ragequit as soon as it looks like they are losing. I had tons of fun. The premium booster packs are a bit of a shameless cash grab, but you don't have to buy them to win in online matches, and the campaign itself is enough to scratch the mtg itch."
,Recommended,255420,12171629,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Occultist,Great game for both veterans and newcommers - Vastly improved since the previous edition.Highly recommended!Verdict : Solid. 8/10
,Recommended,255420,11467445,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,thunder,Don't believe the haters. Pretty fun game meant to be a basic MTG experience that allows you to build your own decks from a card collection rather than stick to the pre-built decks of 2014.
76561198142127917,Recommended,255420,11338692,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Graham Delvaux,"This game is alright, not entierly what I expected but a bit laggy although i'm sure in the near feauture if they do put an update to imporve some things on it and throw in some expanstions that would be nice, despite my cons I have seen so far i'd have to say I would recomend this game."
,Recommended,255420,11307097,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,PimpDaddyPayne,"First of all, I dont know why there are so many people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about This game. You are never going to get The same experience online as you are with the Table top card game. Srsly.... Stop hoping and dreaming for a game that would never probably exist, Wizards of the coast is a Business and to be honest they have made litereally one of the Best card games in existance.With that being said, This is a pretty solid game if you are an actual player of magic. If you have a 100,000 cards In real life and you want to be able to Make Decks With cards from every series. Then your Hoping and dreaming for something thats never going to be made. This game Delivers magic the gathering to those who want to play it and dont have the time to go to a Gaming store to find matches.Micro transactions... Hmmm... I think people are forgetting that while 5 dollars for card collections ( or any set for that matter ) , IRL those collections cost  over 200+ dollars. And thats not even for a Play set thats just one copy of every card... So you can stop complaining about that.the game costs 10 dollars, And the Card game itself in real life costs ALOT more than that. So if your trying to cheap out by playing magic 2015 expecting for 10 dollars to have a digital Version of every card then your just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I think people Confuse wishful thinking with Reality. There is a great deal of cards, Deck building is pretty Awesome.Game was fun, and its pretty aweful that people would flat out say SOOO much bad stuff about it when most of it is Unfounded. You have the option to face hundreds of thousands of people online in magic without having to buy every card, and go and pay a Fee to enter a torny at some Comic store.... Weigh in the price of this game IRL then Complain about microtransactions."
,Recommended,255420,11312966,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ZellTheCurse,"Alright, i don't normally post reviews but with all the controversy i think i'll throw my two cents in.WotC did exactly what they set out to do with this one. They gave us a large pool of cards and said make some stuff.This title is getting a lot of hate and downvotes because people are mad about two headed giant and an alternate style of play are not present. These are the same people who have been complaining about how they want to be able to make thier own decks for the past 4 years. They give you what you want and you still complain. How irritating. Moving on.The boosterpacks you can buy for $2.00 are in a seperate pool from the unlockable pool. As someone who has bought all 14 I can easily tell you the premium pool is not some amazing set of cards. In fact i feel there are only around 9 cards of worth in the entire pool. Aside from that you get to pick a starting deck featuring your favorite guild.( OMG YAY!). During the first 4 matches you will be stuck with this damned thing. Yes they all suck. Yes it is rather challenging to get past this.( Personally enjoyed the hell out of not knowing what was in my deck.) After you complete the innistrad block you gain access to all the cards you've unlocked thus far and begin the grind. As an avid player of all the electronic titles and paperback i completely enjoyed this title.TLDRPROS:-Fully custom deck-Story was interesting-The visuals on the ui are beautiful-Finding out i have been pronouncing garruk's name wrong for 8 years. (spell it Garrek you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s)CONS:New UI is slow and sometimes seemingly unresponsive.-Multiplayer games are somewhat laggy when you have a considerable amount of cards on the field-The timer for triggers and spells are sometimes too quick to stop time and respond-Multiplayer doesn' hae an aftergame lobby, which in turn makes it hard to keep playing with the same people and make friends.I hope this helps anyone who is looking to buy this game.-ZellTheCurse"
,Recommended,255420,11313496,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,[TACO] Markxman,"I've been a huge fan of the MTG franchise recently and I have also played MTGO (Magic the Gathering Online) and I can understand why they restrict this games so much compared to how real magic is played and my only wish for this game is that they finally add in some Planeswalkers. So hopefully next year what I think are some pros and cons of this game are:Pros:- Fully customizable deck building compared to its predecessors- Great way to learn about Magic for beginners- AI's seems to be more random where as to other versions they had pre-set plays so they were much easier to predict- Finally free from pre-set decks is a big plus for me- You now earn booster packs and not singles and it feels GREAT! to open every new booster I earn from winsCons:-Slow menu transitions- Resolution options are a pain because I like to max out my settings to the highest quality but every time it gets reset when I exit the game- Almost no multiplayer modes (However I do love the approach of a ranking system built into the game now)- Not enough cards in this game's set collection in my opinionI don't believe this version of the game is pay-to-win as people claim it is, I believe Magic requires skill, strategy, and card synergy along with knowledge to become a better player. The micro-transaction isn't new to game its been there from its older versions.Overall Score for this game would be 7 out of 10 if they added more multiplayer modes than I would boost my score to an 8 but I figure they are planning to add more cards to the set in the future :)"
,Recommended,255420,11311115,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ex-lion tamer,Magic: The navigation of annoying menus
,Not Recommended,255420,12590886,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,KingKull2112,"Honestly a waste of money. I will not be purchasing another MtG video game. The ""premium"" cards are a joke. I was expecting more cards in this game. You can't even build a working deck that isn't a joke in a real game, in real life. Also, the fact that cards are stuctured all wrong (commons upto 4, uncommons upto 3, rares upto 2, mythic only 1) is stupid. In a real game, you will have a playset, which is LEGALLY and ALWAYS 4"
76561198029013603,Not Recommended,255420,24139732,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RickC137,was only able to play 1 hour of the game before it froze on me. I had to do a restart and now it just wont open the game up.
,Recommended,255420,11467013,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,*****instevearino,i thought the deck building in this game was phenominal but the multiplayer was a bit bogus. you cant change decks while playing with friends there are no side games such as planechase comander archenemy two headed jiant and so on.  i just hope the expansion fixes some of these problems and i am sure every one else agrees so please fix the multiplayer pleeaassee
76561198069088535,Not Recommended,255420,12855482,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nightcall,"L love the magic series and had lots of fun playing them, but this is the worse. Its not horrible but the other games are much better and the only benefit of getting this than the others is a fully custom deck. If you want to get into the series or just get a fun card game get the others first"
,Not Recommended,255420,12825524,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dude,"Magic 2015 is so bad this review somehow wrote itself.3/10Think if it this way, look at Mass Effect or Dead Space, whenever there is a game, and it has a sequel you expect it to be better than the originals, and just like all of these series, at the end... it always takes a turn for the worst."
76561198126244474,Recommended,255420,11352056,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Tuturu?,Awesome game!Only real problem is how you get stuck with a deck at the beginning but if you like magic you'll love this game!
76561198028188958,Recommended,255420,11353407,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jelfia,"Date: 07-21-14 posted after 10 hours of play.Magic 2015 is the latest instalment of the Magic CCG franchize. It a reasonable $9.99 USD.  This edition has some improvement over Magic 2014, you can build your own deck, and you unlock a whole booster pack when you win a game, instead of just randomly unlock one card for your pre-built deck. That being said there is a lot of downsides to the game, It honestly feels a bit clunky after playing 2014 including a fog around the edge of the screen, and general slowness in changing between steps.  There is no true window mode, which means if you're playing on dual screens it is stuck on the primary monitor.It is also irritating to  see  your opponent play a card and think, ‘That would be perfected for White Red deck’, only to find out you can never have it. Though apparently you can hack the game to allow access it. The starting deck is also very low powered, though once open a booster pack or two you can start amping up. I am ambivalent  towards this, as this fit most CCG style games i have played, you buy a fairly basic starter deck’  and then buy booster packs to upgrade or modify it to suit your gameplay style.The multiplayer almost seems to have taken a step back, as there is no longer a two headed hydra (two on two) game play, you have to leave the match to change decks, and you have to beat the first camping boss to unlock the multiplayer.Finally it still has some of the issues I had from 2014 including no option to turn off the timer in multiplayer. If i’m playing against my friends, we’re chatting and hanging, no need to feel rushed, let me set the game up with no timer, I can just yell at my friends to go. Where as if I am playing against a random person then I should be able to choose to set the game up with the timer on.All in all  a solid if generic Magic game for the price. If you don’t have Magic 2014 then get this game, otherwise you might want to wait for a sale.  3 out of 5A quick overview of Pros and Cons and NeutralsPro:you can build your own deckyou unlock a booster every time you win a game.Con:no windowed mode.there is some cards the ai has, that you can not unlock.you have to exit out of the multiplayer battle to change your deck.no two headed hydra.no option to turn off timer in multiplayer.it’s a bit slow changing battle steps, especially when going in to the combat turn.the fog in the corners.Neutral:gated  multiplayervery low powered starting decks"
,Recommended,255420,11353896,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Talizar,It's ok 7/10
76561198007561855,Recommended,255420,11354278,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,kage1983,"It's a decent start, it took them a long time to figure out we like making our own decks. now they just need to add things like co-op player battles, arch-enemy mode, and stuff that we liked from previous games. hopefully they'll add them to this one but for now it's just a decent game."
76561198065415797,Recommended,255420,11400714,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mac Massacre,i dont like the fact i can't restart my profile so i can switch my starter deck...
76561198107225373,Recommended,255420,11353528,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,☠Ðave ⨁f †he Ðead☠,"Very solid entry, solid tutorial, and solid multiplayer, I'd have to recommend it to those who have had an interest in getting started on MtG for the first time. The multiplayer is great, although I don't quite understand why it would be restricted until after the first set of duels is accomplished, maybe they just wanted to make sure new players would have a solid understanding of how the various card mechanics function. If you want to do serious multiplayer then I recommend just getting started on the physical card game, as thats pretty much where WotC makes the most money on this game, these virtaul DotPW's games are just ment as an introductory start to the physical game at a reduced cost. However if you just wanna play casually then this game is perfect for that purpose. Some consider it a pay to win game, although most if not all the cards can be unlocked via gameplay. The starter decks are kind of screwy but if you know what you're doing its not so bad. Its a shame that most people who play video games can't really afford to do so, if 10$ is too much for anything less than perfection you probly shouldn't buy it."
76561198025434229,Recommended,255420,11344611,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Vigo the Carpathian,"Firstly Campaign is very short and the plotline is very thin, though enjoyable, it lacks anything different from previous games. In fact it lacks alot from previous MTG, I feel theres not alot to do once the single player is completed. Challenges & Planechase would of been a nice addition.Deck building, although a much wanted feature, lacks alot. The card pool is minimal and doesn't allow for alot of variation, the collections feel like they're pre-built decks from previous games.Multiplayer gets boring quickly, 1v1 doesn't feel that competitive whilst 4v4 is a bore. No 2HG is a big let down.Lots of features are broken, namely the shop and also a click to see the leaderboards results in CTD.Interface looks very polished and probably the best of all the MTG thus far, though a little slow and unresponsive at times.Overall I would reccomend this game now, as its only in its infant years it has lots of potential and WoTC have plenty of time to mature it."
76561198078086814,Recommended,255420,11352914,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Schulze961,"Great game though it doesnt have 2hg, as of the time of this post. the game has premium packs that take place as dlc like the other dotp games. the only other problem that is to be found in the game is that the menus are worse then the pervious dotp games....................no 2hg as of now, bad menus, great deck building............................................................... 8/10"
76561198017558411,Recommended,255420,11344061,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,McAwesome_Guy,"I have been seeing quite a few negative reviews on this game, and I agree that it has its problems. Biggest issue I had was that if you selected a deck that you did not enjoy off the start there was no way to undo it and select a different one. The game still does a good job of teaching new people the basics and concepts of magic, as I had 2 people I am living with learn from it. And the game is not so difficult that you can not beat it with what it gives you, as I (18+ years of exprience) completed the game on max difficulty without purchasing any cards and my brother (3+ years of experience) also beat the game without issues. The only other issues I really have with this game is the push to get more money out of it by forcing people to buy boosters to complete the card collection and giving the NPC's cards that you cannot obtain in the game. I still feel it is a good learning tool, a fun game to play through, and worth the time and money. Hope this helps."
76561198026923880,Recommended,255420,11345429,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zokushi,"It's not as robust as the last few installations of the game, but it's still fun. I actually don't mind the ""grind"" to unlock cards. Still prefer duels over MTG:O any day."
,Recommended,255420,11378549,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,New Computer Worse Player,"great game, except one thing: DO NOT PUT THE GAME OUT OF FULLSCREEN. it will mess up the size of the screen to the point where you have to go into it's config files and change it manually."
76561198088821941,Recommended,255420,11391952,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,bigsnipe127,How do you download the special edition content?!?!?!?!
76561197999568805,Recommended,255420,11345360,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Grouch,"If you enjoy Magic: The Gathering, this is a pretty good timedump game. It is especially good for playing while watching stuff on a secondary monitor, since it doesn't require much attention to play and doesn't lose any playability from switching Windowed Mode."
76561198058730976,Recommended,255420,11352962,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Drakon30,when i change to wide 16:9 there are no resolutions to choose from is anyone else having this issue?
,Recommended,255420,11354162,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,betaomega341,"Fun ARCADE version of MTG.  This is not the tabletop game, nor like magic online.  Deck customization is not there, and some of the rules are streamlined for ARCADE play.  If you want a quick 15-30 minute MTG match, then you'll have fun.biggest complaints i have seen, and my comments:Menus can be slow - its not a dealbreakerMy intro deck was black/white - it sucked, still sucks, but ive slowly made it better - making bad decks better is fun to meMana tapping took a little while to figure out - (press left cntrl when you are hoving over a spell beofre you cast it, and it will display your mana tapping options in purple)  now that i know what key to use its finei havent tried multiplayerSome of the decks you go up against are wacky - but fun to watch develop - the AI tries and mill you to death or take you out with a 22/22 trample hydra lolwell worth it for 9.99 - im having fun"
,Recommended,255420,11363727,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Marisa,"People are pretty mad about this game. Some of their complaints are even legitimate, like the lack of 2HG. I have no idea what brought that decision around, but it was a poor one. Even still, this game is *easily* worth ten dollars. You get a whole lot of Magic for your ten dollars. Sure, the starter decks aren't super strong, but isn't that the point? Upgrading your deck, trying out new ideas as new cards are available, that's what's fun about it. It does have a few issues, but seriously. It's TEN DOLLARS. That's like one meal eating out, at a cheap place."
76561198129754176,Recommended,255420,11364191,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GirlGunz,"The option to build a deck in the newest MTG game is probaly my favorite feature.  The graphics and art are beautiful as always, and I love the chosen soundtrack for menus and battles.  The only problem I have with this game is the menu navigation, and the battle mechanics.  I wish the menus were a bit more easy to get around, but I feel that the game has many other features with make up for it."
76561198015714080,Recommended,255420,11359966,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Acid Analyzer,"People are complaining alot about the 2015 game, but i think most are on the hate train and although the game isnt perfect its alot of fun.Yes you have to play alot to unluck all standard card (and premium card must be bought), But isnt that the point in RL magic aswell? If u want a great deck in RL u need to spend money aswell...I saw review that were way off, you can grind boosterpacks in SP.And although i dont like the fact you can choose only 1 deck and have to do it with that the rest of the game till you get more cards, i think it still is alot of fun. For 10 euro i dont think its expensive compared to RL magic, and if people like it they can spend all they want in RL."
76561198013051652,Recommended,255420,11702570,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Airman1102,"If you like magic the gathering you'd like this game! Also if you just want to get into the game I might recommend one of the earlier versions becuase they are cheaper!2015, being the most recent, is probably the most refined of all of the games making it a great way of honing your skills in the actuall card game! Its also a great way to connect with your freinds who play magic that might not be close enough to play a real game!overall I would give this game a:8/10-Airman1102"
,Recommended,255420,11707669,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,polverso,"It's not bad, just wish the card pools included 4 of each card ."
76561198072182564,Recommended,255420,11665978,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,MightyNeptunus,"This game is fun. The only problem I have is that when you start a game you get either to many mana cards, or to little. The game feels like it does IRL. I get the same rush as i do in real life."
76561198145463472,Not Recommended,255420,15743955,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,rurtkuzzel,first off id like to mention i have a high powered laptop with quad core processor (1500.00 laptop to be exact)nothing has ever caused my laptop to overheat EVER!!!until i was dumb/bored enough to buy this stupid little game.  and since doing so it has overheated my machine several times.so all in all i feel as if i wasted 50 or so odd dollars on a pathetic game with an even more pathetic card pool.so if throwing away money is your game then this one is def for you.IM LITTERALLY SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH THE GAME  THAT I VOW NEVER TO BUY ANYTHING FROM WIZARDS OF THE EWEST COAST AGAIN TIL IM REIMBURSED OR THEY FIX....... THIS IS COMPLETE AND UTTER BS GO AND HAVE SEX WITH A DONKEY WIZARD STYLE!!!!
76561197961317581,Not Recommended,255420,12854108,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Wickit,The game is not fair at all. The AI Gets every card it needs to stop you in every way and destroy you. The fact that you can only play with 1 deck to start is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Lighten up WIZARDS OF THE COAST!! Give the game people want to play. Not this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198034340520,Recommended,255420,11391454,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Muerkier,"At first glance this game appears to be ""Pay-to-Win"" but after playing it for some time now,  I realized the following :1.) There are 6 card pools in this game -InnistradTherosRavnicaShandalarZendikarPremium2.) 5 of the 6 card pools are completely free as long as you are willing to invest the time to play games and win. You get a booster pack of 10 cards for each victory within the ""Explore Realm"" mode. You get a smattering of cards here and there for playing the campaign as well.3.) I unlocked 4 of the 5 Realms for free (I bought Innstrad for 5 bucks before I realized we were getting free booster packs for winning within the ""Explore Realm"" mode). So WoTC / Stainless has given away 5 of the 6 card pools.4.) I also unlocked 14% of the premium pool for free along the way (random draws in the free booster packs I was unlocking)5.) There is nothing game breaking in the Premium Card Pool. I have competed quite well w/o having the premium cards.So overall I can not honestly say this is ""Pay-to-Win.""  I think WoTC was more than generous to make 5 of the 6 card pools unlockable and even allow a small chance of getting premium cards in your random draws (In the booster packs).As far as the game itself .... it is merely a re-skin of the last 3 editions with the same mechanics and glitches. Some minor cosmetic alterations have been added. The game table is drab grey with confusing geometric designs on it. The table now opens up and makes a huge red line across the table for Combat. Clunky mechanic IMO. the game menus are absolutely horrible. They are slow and come with an annoying ""Muwaaaaaoohhhhhhhh"" type deep bass sound that will drive one insane after a few minutes lol. Overall though ... for 10 bucks and the ability to get most the cards for free .... this is a no brainer for any Magic fan.** EDIT** 2-8-2015 -  This game has been out now about 7 months and it handed people what they were clamoring for from the release of the original DoTP ... Full Deck Customization. The ability to build your own deck from scratch. All the crying and complaining for years people did to get this ability and all one sees across the table are what I call ""Cookie Cutter Clone Decks."" Copies of the pre-built decks within the game with slight modifications to them. I can count on 1 hand how many original themed decks I have seen across the table from me in MP games. It is like people lack the imagination, skills or abilities to create something original. You know from the 1st land practically what type of deck someone is playing anymore ... it has become that predictable. I see this problem as a direct result of the publics' general ""I want the easiest possible win with the least amount of work"" type mentality anymore. There is a sore lack of creative genius out there as it pertains to deck making. This problem will not be solved anytime soon as long as the general public is wanting that easy win quick gratification for little to no work type mentality. Now to sit back and watch the guilty burn down the house with their flames lol."
,Recommended,255420,11304432,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ShadowKiller425,"this game is quite different from the past few online magic games. This game gives you the freedom to make whatever kind of deck you'd like for your kind of style from booster packs that contain common, uncommon, rare, and sometimes mythic rare cards. At the start of this game you get alot of weak cards to play with but the more battles you win the more booster packs you earn after every battle (even playing online) after progressing in the campaign you get the choice to build decks from scratch, or base decks that choose the best cards you have and allows you to either keep it that way or you can tweak it. I have some decks that i built from scratch and some that my computer generated for me without even tweaking it. If you're the kind of person you automatically needs a pre-made deck right from the start then I'd say stick to an older version but if you give it some time (or some money for collections giving you all the cards in that plane) the game can make powerful decks for you.Now onto the online, you can only play with free-for-all, there is no 2v2 or other special modes. To me this part stinks because i loved 2v2, even in real life. Also there is no way of changing your deck without leaving the online session once you join a game. I hope they fix that problem in the future and maybe add a few more modes to play but i also like to play 1v1 so I can live with it but in my opinion the game would be a lot funner if they made more modes to play.There are a lot of bad reviews about this game because people were caught off gaurd by the fact that YOU have to make the decks, the decks aren't made for you. There are a lot of really good cards like i got Kozilek, Butcher of Truth (got it in a premium pack when i bought the game). In real life that card is pretty rare anda great card if you have to mana for it.Overall I'd recommend this game even though it has a tough start and limited modes, it has a lot of cards to for you to choose from to make decks of your own and i beilieve they're going to make some DLCs to add even more cards to play from."
76561197991285747,Recommended,255420,11305299,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,kensan_oni,"Duel of the Planeswalkers 2015 is a casual Magic experience that finally includes an aspect that players have been looking for; deckbuilding and collecting has returned. The game plays out a little like the old Microprose game. After a tutorial, you are handed a deck of two colors of your choosing, which is somewhat mediocre, and from there, you can explore the planes of the multiverse, and face the unique challenges of the campaign to collect cards, and improve your deck.The experience overall is pleasant, even if some color combinations are a bit more challenging than others, and with the option of unlocking the card pool early, you can have interesting and challenging duels with other players online. Overall, you get a lot of value out of this title. The challenges are fun, and the little campaign story is a nice tie-in with the Meta Story, which is a fun touch.There are the typical DotP complaints here. The Interface is confusing at first, and there are times where you are forced to wait when you would rather be skipping, and there are probably settings that let you change this somewhat, but they are not easily seen. The game also feels like it wants to use a control pad over key and mouse, but it works fine either way.Graphically, we are pretty and we are boring at the same time. The Battlefield is a dull silver/gray that becomes a bluish tint when you react to the opponent's spells. The cards are nice looking, and I get a thrill when Guttersnipe attacks with it's little lightning attack. Overall, if you are patient, the combat animations, while repetitive, feel good, particularly if you have board wide effects going off.Overall, if you are into card strategy games, Magic the Gathering, or are just looking for a casual fantasy experience, you likely will enjoy your time with this title."
,Recommended,255420,11305650,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AdventuresOfWellUmMe,"For an on and off magic player i have really enjoyed this game. but be warned, the game requires a lot of grinding to unlock cards that will be worth using. With the weak starting decks it is a challenge trying to progress with multiple replays just to beat the one opponant in the campaign needed. although there are flaws in this game it is still a good purchase and worth spending time playing. If you expect a quick game then this is maybe not what you are looking for."
,Recommended,255420,11570779,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Corrosion,"I do not like this one as much as magic 2014, but you can completely build and customize your own decks which is great. You do NOT get all the cards that there are in real life. i was greatly disappointed to see that there were only a few elf cards and not many of Jace's deck. I understand that this has different decks than the previous game, but I was still disappointed. It says full deck customization which is true but it only gives you so many cards to choose from.... yes i'd recommend it but i'd say get magic 2014 before this one, that one is better by a long shot."
76561198127234806,Recommended,255420,11298475,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Overside,Was slightly worried about all the negative feedback in the comments however after buying and spending a few hours playing the game I wasnt dissapointed. It took a little more time to get started when compared to the 2014 game however this opens up the booster pack concept that was intruduced previously. Didnt have a lot of problems progressing either dispite the terrible and very vague starting decks you must choose from. Finish the first 4 or 5 matches with poor cards and you unlock the full deck editor. This is the point when you will notice a lot more cards coming in. Buying the base 9.99 game gets you everything you need if your willing to grind a bit for the cards.Con'sThe game is more focused on selling microtransactions over the previous games. Deck packs you can purchase have a poor discription so you dont know what to expect. Options are limited. No option for random colour specific packs. 1.99 price tag for 10 cards that could be total garbage and nothing saying your guarenteed 1/10 rare. Soundtrack in my opinion was not as good as the 2014 game either.
,Recommended,255420,11297370,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Abradolf Lincler,"If you already know MTG and know how to play, it's still fun. If this is your first exposure to MTG, it'll be pretty difficult. There are a lot of teaching tools though, which is awesome. Zoom in to the card and it'll explain what each effect is. It's sort of difficult because the starting decks I used are pretty bad. All of them are dual decks. IMO starting deck should be mono. It's still fun. It's still a good MTG subsitute if you can't hang out with friends who play. Haven't got too far into the campaign. It looks nice. Animation is smooth. One of the biggest improvemtns from the last MTG installments is the waiting time of opponents. The wait is cut down a lot making the game go much faster. So much better. Worth $10, imo.Seriously though, the starting decks are bad. Be prepared."
,Not Recommended,255420,12636158,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ProxyJames,"all i have to say is i was promissed making your own deck and got a very VERY limited pool of cards, if you really want to play magic try magic online OR go to a store pay 15 bucks and draft with real cards"
,Recommended,255420,11931110,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Last,"Very, very nice. I like it."
,Not Recommended,255420,16458625,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jing,"I love MTG. My issue with this game is that they do not allow you to play with all M15 cards. In fact, you have to purchase them as an additional DLC. For me, there is no substitute for playing MTG in-person with a friend at the coffee shop or local game store so I guess this game is really only for people who might otherwise never play Magic. In that sense, it is a good introduction to the game. I would suggest, instead, going to your local game store and purchasing (for $20) the 2015 Magic Core Set, which gives you something like 250 cards. That way, you can play MTG the way it was meant to be played (in -person) and avoid the headache of this digital ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,255420,11282914,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Brawler,"I was looking through the reviews and I don't think people are giving this game enough credit. For starters, I saw a lot of reviews stating that the game is ""absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and I would have to disagree. Some people are upset because there is an option for microtransactions. While this might seem like a money grab, it necessarily isn't. Keep this in mind, the microtransactions are there for people who do not have time to play the game as frequently as others. It has been stated in a few forums that a player can unlock every single card in the game just by playing the game, thus making the microtranasctions an option and not a ""pay to win"" mechanic.Let's take a look at Hearthstone, Blizzard's card game. They have have a similar formula to this game in that you can unlock every card in the game by playing, or by spending money through microtransactions. There are professional players who haven't spent a dime on the game, and they are just as good as the players who have spent money on the game. It just proves that in order to be a good player you need skill, and the same goes for this game. While expendable income would help one acquire the cards faster, it is in no means necessary.Moving on, another topic I saw in the negative reviews, is that the starting decks are awful. While it might be a bit unfair to not be told what cards are in your deck before you pick it, the decks are not aweful. As an example, I chose the rakdos starting deck and beat all of Innistrad, Theros, and some of Ravnica on the hardest difficulty with little to no modifications to the deck. Sure there were a few games I lost because I had a bad hand, or the AI had a much better hand, but that doesn't mean the decks are garbage. Now I suppose I have only seen the Rakdos deck so as far as I know the other decks might actually be aweful.Overall, I would say this game is a nice change in the Duels of the Planeswalkers series and I look forward to playing it more. However, if you are not willing to make your own decks and spend a few hours playing games with AI to unlock cards then I can not reccomend this game to you. I hope this review has been helpful, and thank you for your time.TL;DR   The game is good and some reviewers are angry."
76561198098760033,Recommended,255420,11328509,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,I_eat_Waifumes,"I've been hearing a lot of negativity towards this edition of magic the gathering etc etc long title blah. Anyways, this is the first mtg online game I have ever purchased after 8 years of playing paper magic. Is it a comprable experience? Hardly. BUT it is still a reasonably fun game if you enjoy magic despite the faults that I can agree exist.I'd put this into a list but screw lists, they're classist and I dont dig that, maaaan.So some nice things in no particular order are that the game looks pretty sweet sometimes. If you never had to touch the menu I'd say the menu was great, but you do so that kind of ruins it. Seriously. Dont even TRY to menu with the mouse.Continuing on this sweetness, the cards themselves are great looking as usual, and the customization of avatars and deck boxes are pretty wide and pleasant.If you love magic like I do, you'll also pee your pants a little when opening a new pack. 9.99 to open like 50 packs (sure they're online packs, but whatever) is pretty sweet. And if you need your fix like I do, 2 dollars for premium packs is not TOO terrible, particularly because you'll only need to lay down like 20 bucks for all of them.Lastly, while the selection of cards is a touche dissapointing and baffling at times, I think that the selection also stimulates some creativity. I got like 30 hours of this game (as of writing) by making all sorts of decks that I can and seeing what works and what doesnt. Its surprising how deep this game can get with 400 cards, and while it would be nice if they gave you the selection that your CPU enemies are offered, its still pretty great.Bad stuffs be down here, so if you think this game blows skip all those things I said before and read this part. Unless you already read it, then good, because ha ha I made you maybe think positive thoughts about this game. Okay.So the menus are baad like a drunken goat. You click and click all over and sometimes it registers and sometimes it takes you somewhere you didnt want to go and... Just read any other review, its one part I think they all got right.Another problem is the AI. During the early game (Before you've made a jacked deck) the opponents decks are STACKED. It took me longer than it should have to beat the first plane almost entirely because my deck was underpowered in comparision. I LIKE that you start with a somewhat weak deck and have to build it up on your own... but the enemy should have weaker early decks to compensate for it. This was some really poor design.Finally, there should be more cards, and you should get more than two rares, one mythic, and three uncommon, because seriously what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope they do SOMETHING about that or I'll be butt hurt. I want my four Baneslayers. Please, Wizards. Deliver.Alright, so thats my review, and for my conclusion, I'll say this:Its a good spend of 10 dollars if you really like magic and cant find people to play with all the time. I feel that a lot of people are giving it a harder time than they should, and while there are some cons, I think there are more pros than people give it credit for. There's a good deal of custimization. Online isn't too much of a pain, although more options would be nice. The selection of cards is both constricting and liberating, forcing you to play a little differently than normal and maybe experiment a little. Is this a good thing? In some ways yes, and in others no. I think this game is a bit of a mixed bag, but if you shake it a little then I've found more good things than ill comes out of it.The menus are pretty goddamn terrible though. Heard the old ones are worse, so there's that.Hope I could help."
76561197984854964,Recommended,255420,11324561,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,FknWindWalk[RU]*,"The Magic 2015 game is getting a lot of flak, and much of it is deserved. I must say I came to the same conclusion as many of the reviewers here, that this game seemed a bit money grubbing, however after giving it a second chance I actually beat the first 4 bosses and cleared the first zone, Innistrad, and I must say I was wrong. While the game was wickedly hard on Planeswalker due to the appalling starter deck, once you clear Innistrad the game comes into it's own.The game comes off its ""tutorial rails"" and lets you progress and build your deck as you would expect from every other installment of the game. The game hasn't really changed, except that you unlock boosters through ""exploring"" the different zones, eg. fighting premade decks for the zone, randomly selected. The starter deck will continue to be quite bad, until you unlock some boosters, but they really are just letting you build whatever deck you want from the pool of cards. While, yes the game is a grind, so has every other installmentPick deckGrind other decks to unlock cards for the played deckRinse repeat til all cards are unlocked for the deckIt is still pretty much that, except the deck is just the ~300 cards that can be in the booster packs. I've actually enjoyed playing it, once I got over the hump of having a terrible starter deck and actually got some useful cards. I'd even say I enjoy it more on it's card building mechanics and card pool system than any installment previously, and I've pretty much completed the other 2 (MTG 2013/MTG 2014). I must say it does have its issues, such as the default mana tapping seems to be dumber than in 2014, I will have a hand full of blue cards and it will tap all my blue leaving only white, which 2013-2014 never seemed to do, but once I figured out the mana-tapping key it got easier. I do wish the ""smart"" mana tapping came back, as it is a bit tedious to change it for every card. The menus need some definate fixing but, on the whole the game itself is pretty solid. TLDR;The mana-tapping priority seems to have gotten worse since 2014, and can be very frustating. Use L-Ctrl to select the correct mana-usageThe menus really are slow, but navigating is easier if you use the scrollwheel, and not clicks.The starter decks are amazingly bad, and the first 4 campaign battles are very hard on Planeswalker, I would recommend taking the difficulty down until you get a good card base, even if you are a veteran player.The game is not very revealing as to what its goal of play is in the very beginning, but given a bit of time, it shows it may be a better game, than the other installments, barring some bugginess, and a very high barrier to entry.NOTE: I did notice the lack of 2 Headed Giant from multiplayer, which kinda seemed pointless to not support, but I never really played multiplayer so I can't comment on how that has effected my own personal experience, nor does this review cover any multiplayer functionality as I prefer the singleplayer campaign."
,Recommended,255420,11326519,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Packet,"I buy the Duel of the planeswalkers games every year because (not counting the mountain of dlc) they are cheap and a great dose of Magic: The Gathering. So here's what's different in this year's game:This year, with the 2015 version, you get to make your own deck! You still get a pre-made deck at the beginning which you get to modify as you get new cards or create a new one if you have enough cards. Playing through the campaign you unlock booster packs for each win and new decks for defeating specific opponents. Unlocking every cards in the basic set can take over 30 hours but opening a 10+ card booster pack after a win is always more fun than unlocking cards one at a time was in the 2014 game.The game emphasizes 60 card decks, which is good. You can still build bigger decks but that is usually not optimal. In DOTP 2014, every new card unlocked was added to your deck after a win  so you ended up with a 75+ card deck unless you took some cards out after every win.The draft mode is gone, I really liked that mode and almost bought more slots to get additional draft decks. The only modes available in this one are campaign, cpu matches, and 2-4 player free-for-all online matches.The menus were conceived for ipads and are terrible for pc. I play with a controller because this seems like easiest way to play the game (and is how i played all the previous versions) but having the slightest mouse movement take the button prompts away is kind of a bummer. From the main menu you can press the select(back) button to resume the campaign mode and modify your current deck but still have to navigate to the decks menu if you want to equip or create a different deck...Also, while you can build you decks from scratch, there are some limitations. You only have 3 copies of uncommon cards, 2 copies of rares and 1 mythic card in your collection. I haven't compared but I don't think the entire sets are available to unlock, either.With all said and done, I have enjoyed my time with the game and might mess a bit more with the deck builder and play some additional online matches. I think for 10$ you get a really good game.Update: After a free update, all the premium boosters are now rewards for playing online games, which is great! Gives people an incentive to play more online matches and complete the card collection without having to pay for unlocks."
,Recommended,255420,11297042,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,IsaeK,G.A.M.E  C.R.A.S.H !
,Recommended,255420,11282727,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Airdrann,"The game so far is very good, the only thing I dislike is that when your apponent declairs blockers the game gives you like 2 seconds to respond with instants or tricks..."
,Recommended,255420,11277883,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ewoksrule,"I like the new black/white interface, looks and feels great. Deck building is easy and fun, love the direction they took it. AI is challenging. Opening boosters you win from battles feels very rewarding. Game looks fantastic in borderless 1440p. I have not a single bad thing to say, LOVE this game."
,Recommended,255420,11283413,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lightning,"Ok, lets see...I played Magic 2015 now about 12 hours, straight.Magic 2015 is not quite that bad, as everyone sees it, but there are a few things bothering me.Magic 2015 Pros/ConsPro's (+) : (kinda) new Board Design (Feels more alive (imo))No restricted Decks (U can make your own, when u have the ideas for it (Only 2015 Edition Cards))U can have a lot of fun with friends or even versus random People with the variety of new Decks.Story in Singleplayer is interesting, as it was in 2014 and 2012 and so on.Soundtrack is really goodCon's (+) : Describtion of your Starter Deck (u can only guess whats in it)U can only have 1 Starter Deck in the Beginning - u get more as u progress through the storylinePayment Model - (Yes, i bought the whole Card Collection, ""BUT"" it's a bit frustrating to see that u pay like 20€ / $for not having every card! ( U only get Premium Cards, from buying Premium Boosters (1,79€ / $)))Multiplayer - No 2HG (Two Headed Giant (2v2)), u get kicked out of the lobby after playing a game (frustratingif u are playing with a friend), u cant change your deck in the Game Lobby.Singleplayer - I played the whole Thing through, took me about 3 hours (1 hour for the First Two Planes), its a niceStory as i said, but the last Fight against Garruk feels Scripted. (played 2 decks against him (starter deck/aggro))Starter Deck was kinda ok, got a bit frustraded as i saw how many removal he got, but i had a chance.Then i tried out the R/W Aggro Deck, lets see i played against him 5 times. Everytime i played with this Deck i gotthe exact same Cards  over and over, only removal no minions in hand (even after mulligans). It felt Scripted.Enough of the Harsh Words.Final Review : i would give this game a solid 7/10 as far as i can tell.Its a nice game, looks polished, we got our own choice of making decks (even if its only 2015 edition),but i really dislike the little things like getting kicked out of the lobby after a game and u cant change yourDeck in the Lobby.If u are a really Hardcore MagicFan, u can absolutly buy it, brings a lot of fun and dont cost that much(9,99 for the Game and if u cant wait to grind out the cards you need, you need to spend 32€, with Boosters ,around 50€) (Boosters are luck based, just like in RL)I hope, i helped u out a bit with this review.Sincerly, Lightning"
,Recommended,255420,11282281,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,jjm319,"3/5 starsOk, lets get this out of the way. This is the worst interface i have had the pleasure of using. Clunky and frustrating. Designers obviously never heard of a mouse. -1 starOther than that its a fun game. Dont worry aobout the reviews saying you are limited to one deck. You pick up everything as you go. The battles are not that bad. They are a bit challenging and you have to have a bit of luck but any easier and i would be insulted. the progress and finding cards is what make it a game. The designers did an excelent job here in progression. In fact its less grindy than earlier games.  Every time you win a battle after the first few you get a big dump of cards not one per win as in earlier games. +5 starNow it is true that you cant get all the cards playing the game, there are some you have to get from buying packs. But to tell you the truth i dont miss them so far. I dont htink it is a big deal. -1 star"
76561198004534993,Recommended,255420,11283810,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tweakee,"The game is incredibly fun. I've easily gottten my $10 worth out of it and will likely get many many more hours of enjoyment even if I never touch the premium cards and can't play 2v2.If you like strategy games at all, you'd be crazy to pass up this game for $10. It's a steal."
76561198145424849,Recommended,255420,11327383,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Origin,"If you liked the simple, evenly matched, and especially inexpensive Magic 2014, well those days are at an end.  Obviously Wizards, like most other money making entities, has decided money is more important than their fan base.  About $30 will start you with all decks unlocked, then however many booster packs you want to buy @ 1.99 each.  FYI if you buy 10 packs  and add the cost of the game, you just spent as much as a regular video game (about $60)  This does not include any expansions, etc...  You can easily spend over $100 on this game, which will be obsolete in 1 year.  Play and buy with caution."
76561198052386570,Recommended,255420,11296606,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Seyr89,"Gonna go against the grain and recommend the game.We've all been asking for customizable decks in this franchise and they're here.What some people are missing is that this DotP is not supposed to compete with paper or online magic.  So the card pool is not particularly deep, and if you understand that going in, you won't be disappointed.  If you want ALL the cards, pay a heck of a lot more to play Magic Online.I'm gonna make clear what the pay model here is.  In DotP 2015, for your $9.99, you're getting most of the experience.  You'll need to do a little grinding as you play through the campaign to unlock the planes and all the cards from them (in the form of booster packs when you win).  I think these battles are pretty fun, especially since the computer decks use more powerful cards than you have access to.  So it's a bit of a challenge and your deck can't be garbage, especially against the bosses.You should NOT buy the plane unlocks that are $4.99.  Those are just a shortcut to unlock all the cards in the plane, but it doesn't take long to unlock them on your own.  Plus you're killing whatever incentive you may have had to play the campaign.You also should NOT buy the special edition, collectors edition, or any of that crap.  They don't include the ""Premium"" cards.The ""premium"" cards aren't necessary to win but they tend to open up a lot of deck archetypes you couldn't build effectively otherwise.  To get all the ""premium"" cards you will need to purchase 14 boosters at $2 each, or $28 in all.  If you pre-ordered, you get two boosters for free.  If you own DotP 2014, you get one booster for free.  The most you should ever spend on this game is $9.99 + the $28 from boosters, if you so desire.  But the game is fully playable for $9.99.Personally, so far I like DotP 2013 and 2014 a little more, because of the powerful and interesting cards at your disposal in those titles, but this version offers the ability to truly make a deck your own and I'm very excited to see what the metagame in 1v1 duels will be.  As others have mentioned, 2v2 isn't included, which is a terrible decision, but I didn't play that mode much in the past regardless."
76561198101197189,Recommended,255420,11290918,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,gutsy,"a REAL review here with the pros and cons~i do admit it has its dumb moments, but it didnt fail to deliver the expectations and fun a MTG game has to offer.Pros:Full customization of decks, really awesome to see there are hardly any game breaking cards other than the ones AI uses @_@.The balance is definitely right, having the rarity restrictions certainly helps to pace out the game in multiplayer, and you would get at least 2 turns to recover from being mana screwed.The interface is pleasing to the eye and actually doesnt suffer from Mirror's Edge syndrome whereby the dark/white contrast hurts your eye. The people whining about it are totally exaggerating.The card filter is able to filter out new cards too,for example if you only go to manage your deck after opening 5 boosters,it is still able to filter out all the new cards you received. i suppose it works by locking in the period between the last time you managed your deck and the current. Works like a charm since I tend to forget what cards i got and dont wanna browse through the library to see if i have got cards to improve my deck.The AIs this time are so much more improved,no longer scripted for starters,and the difficulty level doesnt really seem to affect how they play either, except on planeswalker they seem to have alot more ""luck"". But hey, at least they play smart now.i highly recommend just playing on Mage mode,you often will get mana screwed by their unique way of shuffling cards(as usual),to prevent constant restarting and frustration,just play Mage mode, you will have a more enjoyable experience and are less susceptible to negative reviews =pThe premium boosters in contrary to popular belief, is not game breaking. After i unlocked the 2 free premium boosters from pre-ordering and owning magic 2014(loyalty bonus?what a shock~), i didnt use any of the cards as it just doesnt fit in my deck. But now with the ~80% unlocked library, I did manipulate it around so i can put my 2 Stoneforge Mystic to use.Yes, the premium booster helps out in making themed decks more complete, but you could just improvise since this game is now FULL DECK BUILDING.Cons:Campaign difficulty level spike is non-existent, the AIs just use different deck themes, but are all strong.Starter decks are really weak and takes a lot of patience and luck to win until you had sufficient cards to mod your deck competently,leading to many complaining about the game being bad compared to the previous versions(which actually isnt).For players who only bought the base game, they will be unlocking boosters and probably switching out cards like after every battle at the start since the deck is so weak. It does have a convenient option to manage your deck at the page where you opened your booster,however,after saving the changes,you are BOOTED back to the menu. Assuming you are farming for cards before wanting to progress or because of difficulty handling a certain opponent, you had to press Single Player--Campaign--Innistrad--Explore ,every single time you make your deck changes.The menu speed aint really slow mind you,but repeat it for 30 times you would find it slightly offensive.Otherwise, you could just resume campaign progress by clicking on your profile pic on the bottom right,then press the campaign to continue where you left off.Considering the limited pool, creating a good mono color deck for now is not optimal,yet we are given the worst dual lands and the mixed colors variety are abysmal.It also makes your deck potentially like a deck from draft even with fully unlocked library whereby your red deck is short of burn spells(because there isnt a lot),your equipment themed deck is lacking in equipment etc. You will envy the AI for having fun themed decks sometimes while you are stuck with decks with little synergy.The cards filter only works in the library, it doesnt work in the deck. So when you are trimming your deck, for example you wanted to take out a spell but doesnt know which to pick off, and wants to compare the spells you currently had in deck, you cant. Look through all the cards manually please~"
,Recommended,255420,11329544,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Taishchainz,best magic the gathering game yet. the new gameplay format takes magic to a whole new level.
76561198046752919,Recommended,255420,11362748,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,fire_spread3,"Despite what everyone is saying about this game, it's pretty sweet. I see a lot of complaints about the transition time, either those people have slow computers or they have the attention span of a goldfish. The transitions take 3 seconds, this isn't a long transition time. Another complaint I see is about the menu UI and how confusing it can be. If your IQ is above 9 then you can figure it out pretty quickly. Lastly, I see complaints about the difficutly and starting with a weak deck. I agree with this one, to finish the tutorial it took me a good 5 games and yes the deck you start with is weak. But on the other side, I don't want to start with a strong deck. I'm not a player that just wants no challenge and basically wants to have the game beat the second I start. I like earning my way, it's like real life; you can't just have a good deck to start with. You buy cards, you make your own deck, and improve it from there. Also these may be weak decks but if you're smart enough and skilled enough it's not THAT hard to beat the beginning enemies and start earning cards. I'm not sure what people are looking for with this game, but they're not looking for a Magic the Gathering experience.The game is a lot of fun, and personally I hated 2014. I love that in this game I have free deck building instead of being restricted to stupid decks. If you like Magic, and are looking for a video game that simulates Magic, this is for you. If you're looking for a pay 2 win game that you just want to dominate at for a week and forget about it, stop gaming. I hate your kind."
76561198043330321,Recommended,255420,11297254,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Axariel,"Personally, I like 2015 well enough. Granted card selection is limited, and it is even moreso, if you don't get premium boosters (I did not), but I actually like the decks I built near the end of the game. I mostly played mono white with decent amounts of life gain, and it turned some of the hardest duels into a joke (I removed and locked down Garruk's deck before he could even hit me). I have heard quite a few people complain that trading 2HG for such limited custom deck building is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but imagine what the game will be like after the expansion(s) come out; I can only imagine that the payoff for getting them will be far superior to that of buying the expansions for previous Duels titles because you will be able to use the new cards in whatever decks you want; that seems pretty cool to me and I already really enjoy the base game. Heres my pros and cons since you guys like that stuff:PROS:Cards unlock quickly enough (I unlocked them all, and it did not feel too grindy)You can design decks as you please (YOU CAN EVEN SET HOW MUCH LAND IS IN YOUR DECKS!)Single player offers a good amount of challengeCONS:Menus and animations are slightly annoyingSome people will find single player too challenging (I feel like CPU decks are stacked somewhat on the hardest difficulty)The CPU uses cards you cannot get (this is kind of annoying)I think the CPU decks have more of the same rares in them than you can put in your decks (not sure about this)The starter decks are not the best (should they be?)That all being said I should say that many complainers are ill-informed. The land system is not screwed, the game simply no longer gives you good suggestions, but you can still pick what land you wanna tap; it's just that in the previous games the computer kinda helped you pick better land combinations as defaults, but, as someone who plays with real cards, I always hated that anyway. I would also say that unlocking everything takes less time than it did in 2014, but maybe that is just my experience; I unlocked all the cards after sitting down to play the game twice (granted I did play for several hours each time). I get that it is annoying that you have to play through the first chapter before you can really start deck building, but the first chapter was kinda easy (especially in camparison to the rest of the game), and I think that it (the first chapter) takes maybe a couple of hours (if even) if you are hardcore struggling with the difficulty. Also, I have won plenty of matches without buying premium boosters, so I do not really think the game is pay to win.Anyway, I really like the game, and it is a fine time to move on from 2014, which I played the ♥♥♥♥ out of."
,Recommended,255420,11286813,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shakagi,"Wow, people are really negative about  this one. There are two (perhaps three) cons that strike me when I play it, other than that I love it so much!Menu system is awfully slow (This sucks... no denying it)They removed two headed giant (Yeah, this was my favorite mode, but they made up for it by making multiplayer work)(The game is not too newbie friendly, but magic, especially on PC, is not the worst when it comes to a steep learning curve. You have to experiment a bit. Try out one strategy, what works, what doesn't and then try something else until you find a deck that's fun to play. )Other than that, I can't really find too many faults. This is the game I was hoping they'd make from the first time I played magic on a console. People complain that you start out with a weak deck. Yes, yes you do. But that's the fun part to me at least and resembles playing magic in reality. You start out slow and as you get more cards more strategies unlock for you.At time of writing I've played 12hrs, 4 of which were online against other players and as far as I can tell, they've finally released a game where bugs and glitches doesn't ruin online play. I've yet to encounter a bug or a crash. I've had so much fun going up against other people and when you win, you're rewarded with new boosters giving you even more incentive to keep playing.To conclude, if you want to play this game, be prepared to spend a bit of time in the deck builder, testing out builds. That's not for everyone, I know, but that's the main focus of Magic 2015, the freedom to make your own decks at last. WoTC has finally made the DotP game magic players wanted"
76561197988092084,Recommended,255420,11278822,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BLAME! 40k,"Best game ever . good deck editor, the ""premium""cards dont give u an advantage just giving u more cards to ur cardpool  and that imbalanced 2v2 mode is gone . for real magic players this game is a step forwards !!!!! im happy with it"
,Recommended,255420,12726074,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Steelseeker,Its not that bad
,Recommended,255420,11282110,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Gray`,"I really see no call for all of the negative reviews for this game. So what if it does not have Two-Headed Giant Mode? It's the price we pay for the new deck constructor. Anyone who thinks that the computer cheats and that Campaign mode is too hard, obviously lacks skill in gameplay and deck construction. Don't like to grind? Buy the cards or go play something else.IMO, this is one of the best Duels games to date and while there are a couple things I wish this would have (yes, I miss Two-Headed Giant, also), the game is rather polished and not something one should judge by playing it for an hour. The music is unintrusive and quite great.If you don't like the game, do us all a favor and go play something else. Otherwise, enjoy another (different) Duels."
,Recommended,255420,11284829,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,I IllIIlIIIlIIIII ll,"It's a nice game and i can build my own deck,so I think it's much better than ever before"
,Recommended,255420,11291218,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,profilextreem,"Every MTG release we get the same response, little boys crying over the new release, actuly its fine,  (although not hard) its a sure step up from 14 anyway and blew the pants of my personal fave 2013, MTG gets better and better each year!dont listen to the bad reviews of un ballanced cards blar blar, just buy them or hit campaign before heading to pVp, you cant have it all ways, if you want ""unrestricted"" deck building then be prepared to be hit with awesome decks. Personaly i bought the ultimate addition to aviod the unfair head start cash payer will have, but since the servers are STILL pretty rubbish (one of two negertives i have about this game) i find myself smashing the campaing anyway.i love the deck building, i love the game, i dont like the servers or the fact your purchased items are not available till after the first campaing chapter.... or to rephrase that, it would of been fine had they told me this was the case, instead i reluctantly played through the first chapter thinking i had been robbed.all in all, its just like having the cards in your hand, you make what you want you then take that deck against anyone anytime, AI or player, freedom has FINALY arrived!i would llike to see two headed dragon though, the new deck building sysytem would provide some VERY interesting games.anyway get it if you like MTG just aviod the sniveling little boys though, they can be found in the reviews below."
,Recommended,255420,11287994,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Thaxsar,"Campaign finished in under 12 hours. Solid game, just like all previous Duels of the Planeswalkers but with the ability to create your own deck (though you get to choose two colors at the end of the tutorial to get a starter deck) once you get some packs unlocked to customize it more to your style of play/ what you really want the deck to be. The first couple packs seem to be generic with only 3 cards but once you beat Avacyn you get the 15 random card packs and your unlocked packs.The campaign itself is rather engaging, and the Explore mode is rather nice with somewhat random play of assorted decks differing from plane to plane.But asides from that, I haven't touched the Multiplayer yet, there is no other content. I expect/hope some extra modes to come along with the expansion or even as DLC sometime in the future.Overall this is a good game. Great for casual play or competitive and as always, an excellent tool to teach your friends how to play Magic.EDIT: From all the posts I've seen about complaining that this is pay-to-win or that there is no Two-Headed Giant; welcome to the world of gaming that the internet has made.The pay to win aspect is simply people get the cards faster which kills the whole aspect of playing through the game to unlock the cards to make a better deck as you go along. Those wanting to try and be competitive with it get a very limited pool of ""Premium"" cards that do not alter gameplay to where it is unplayable for those without.Two-Headed Giant will obviously be DLC or in an Expansion. Why give something for free when the people that want to play it will pay more to play what they want. The current age has made gaming that way. It costs less money to make a game and then later on, they take the revenue to make additional content that their fans would like in the game to make even more money."
76561198035241540,Recommended,255420,12418243,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Winter,"It's hard to dispute most of the negative press that has accompanied this latest iteration of the Duels franchise. It seems, at least in its release form, that the desire to allow players versatility in deck design is mitigated by the lack of diversity in the card pool.There are some frustrating inconsistences in the game (that perhaps harken back to the 'unlock cards with each win' systems of previous versions of the game), though these are mainly limited to the card pool and deck design process. Many of the cards of which you would want play-sets (especially early drops or higher rarities) have only two or three copies making for some maddenly inconsistent mana-curves. Perhaps this is so players can't create oppressively consistent decks, but it does detract from the idea that players have 'total creative control' in deck making. Duel-lands are clearly in the game - the AI utilises them in many of their decks - and yet players only have access to Guildgates for their own use. Each color can unlock singletons of two mythics, two-sets of nine rares, threes of uncommons and fours of commons; it appears Wizards have been keen to keep the power level down, overall, perhaps in an effort to preserve the newcomer friendly background that has been at the core of the Duels franchise in the past (though this version certainly appeals and rewards those with knowledge of the game). And, true, a few fan-favourite game modes are missing from the 2015 release of Duels; Wizards themselves have been quick to admit their error in this in the wake of strong player reaction.Despite all this, the gameplay in Duels 2015 is generally terrific. Building your own deck and piloting it through the traditional challenge-based campaign is great fun, and as you unlock cards after victories the process of refining and evolving your deck/s is rewarding. Gameplay is smooth and generally fast (if you turn off some of the combat animations and hold priorities), and clear enough in its visual cues that experienced players can gauge the passing of priority and phases to weigh in on 'the stack'. The AI is definitely improved, though experienced players will quickly find it no match once the AI-weighted campaign is concluded. As each game progresses and the board-state complicates, you will find the AI turns dragging out as it 'considers' its options, though it will still make those head-scratching plays that traditionally plague CCG AIs. And, of course, the AI never concedes.The optional in-game purchases can add some upgrades to the free-to-play card pool, but the vast majority of game content can be unlocked by completing the campaign. The menu interfaces can be annoying at times, and the need to 'equip' a deck (rather than selecting it at the pre-game screen) is cumbersome, but most players will be spending the vase majority of their time in the card-collection and deck-building screens when not in-game, and these were improved in a recent update. It's all serviceable, at the very least, and not enough to detract from the overall play experience.Duels 2015 is to be recommended to Magic and video game enthusiasts alike. While MTG players may have been wanting a graphically improved version of Wizards' beleaguered 'MTGO', it's still a lot of fun to play and to play around in, despite lacking the total freedom of its online big brother (though, with some semblance of stability). The card collection and menu interface can be frustrating, but this doesn't necessarily detract from the overall gameplay, and at the price point there's a lot of value and fun to be had. It's safe to say that Wizards have learned from this version of Duels, and the game is likely to receive at least one content update featuring new cards, based on their past processes. So, until Duels 2016 (the franchise is becoming as inevitable as Madden), Duels 2015 is still the best looking Magic game going and offers plenty of entertainment."
,Recommended,255420,12611212,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,minddrifter,"I feel like most the complaints are people who want every single thing paper magic has to offer for a $10 price tag and go all nerd-rage when they realize they are getting a toned down version of the game.There are some bugs, but they are not that common or game-breaking.The UI could be a little easier to navigate but again, it is still very functional.The last patch has dramaticallly improved loading times.  I'm thinking people complaining about loading times are mainly people with crap computers.This is far from ""P2W"".  They have some ""premium boosters"" that you can pay a total of $30 additional for that add variety, but not much more power.  I've logged 200+ hours and played and won a ton of online matches without any premiums.  Oh, and they are actually making the premiums free now with the upcoming Nov. 5th expansion.I actually like the stark contrasts with the visuals in this year's DotP.  I've never been blinded by any glaring white screen.  Of course I don't sit in the middle of a pitch-black room like some vampire-wannabe either.The main reason I enjoy this game is because it gives me one of my favorite games (Magic: The Gathering) in a format that puts everyone on the same playing field regardless of how much money I make.  I can't go out and buy yet another $100 booster box to overwhelm my less fortunate oppoonent.  It is all about skill and deck-building.I for one am just fine with a ""magic-light"" for the MUCH lighter price tag.  If you enjoy Magic, don't have the time/money to put into the real thing, this is perfect for you.  Don't let all the negatives turn you away!"
,Recommended,255420,11324192,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ulthrax,"All in all, I like this game.The UI is bad. Its very slow and frustrating. I sincerely hope they fix it. Its bad.The starting decks are bad and the AI is much more difficult than previous DotP versions. I recommend Archmage difficult or lower until you beat the boss of the first area. The beginning of this game had me swearing very loudly at my monitor for quite a few hours until I had defeated the first boss. If you do not get past this point, I fully understand you disliking this game.There are microtransactions but they are not necessary.All that being said, I do like the game. Deck building is fun, even with a limited selection of cards. The matches you verse are theme based and you have to alter your deck to come out victorious. Its fun. I'm enjoying it. UI is painfully slow."
76561197967489780,Recommended,255420,11302663,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Canadian Bacon,"I respect the negative reviews I'm seeing and by no means is the game perfect, but I think it's got potential.  I started playing Magic with the original Duels Planeswalker on PS3 and have played each iteration for an obscene amount of hours.  I also have played quite a bit of open play Magic Online but am not into paying $15 for a single premium cardPros-Wizards is listening and has made custom deck building available and it's cool-You can unlock multiple cards (around 10) each win during the campaign, previous iterations had you unlock only 1 card per -win, so the grind feels faster thus far-I love that I can play cards from recent sets such as Theros-The graphics - already beautiful in each iteration, even more so now-The music - always loved the music, wish we could get soundtracks from iTunesCons-greed - charging for premium boosters? The cards in there aren't even premium - most are commons you can buy for $0.01 on magic online individually.  If you want to charge, at least provide a grind option like your other unlocks to equal the playing field for those who don't mind giving you money for the base game and packs but don't want to pay for unlocks (nor should we have to)-initial deck you get sucks and you may have a tough time winning initial battles.  The ramping here was not well designed IMO-multiplayer shouldn't be locked until you win your first set of matches.- menu is too slow transitioning and not streamlined- mana tapping (yes you can set it to choose your mana) priority is god awful, you need to make sure you manually choose yourself in settings-computer has some cool premium cards you don't see ability to unlock.  I hope and assume these are going to come out as future expansions for $5 each and you can unlock via play-no 2HG, never played but understand people upset it was removed.  Hopefully they have the sense to bring it back as a mode with the first expansion-The story - I saw a video where they said this year they were spending a lot more time on the story.  Really? I don't think this is a spoiler, but most of the story was how you had to fight planeswalkers who were trying to stop you from killing Garruk who is....trying to destroy the world and kill all planeswalkers.  Does this make any sense?!?- no stats on wins and losses with a ratio?  Just a number of wins?  Been missing since the original - come on how hard is it to include this?A lot of these cons are fixable with either patches or expansions and some effort from and customer focused thinking from WizardsYou don't need to pay to unlock most cards, this is less expensive than Magic online (that application has advantages) - e.g. I don't have to pay $15 for a single Brimaz card I unlocked here at no additional cost.Some people are complaining on first impressions and not giving the game a chance.  Yes the initial decks suck and you will need to slog for a while, but you get a lot more cards in a few hours and can start building a better deck and have fun."
,Recommended,255420,11324665,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lvizcarraman,cool game
,Recommended,255420,11323348,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Neffar,"Hey this is a lovely game and most the negative reviews are people who are upset his isn't the magic games that came before it/ that it isnt exactly the same as real magic in every possible way. (the imbalance of community on REAL every card magic would make me vomit.)But guess what! If you take this game as a standalone its god damn fantastic! and sure lets speak of one harsh subject there are a VERY few cards that yo get you HAVE to pay for......#holyshitp2wscamming♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s #yolohipsterswag....sorry about that. But yes this really isn't a big deal or prominent matter at all in any way! Imagine there was a free demo of this game that gave you half the cards. I'm sure people would ♥♥♥♥♥ at the fact that you have to buy the game to get the rest of the cards, and really that is just a disgusting fact!Hold on a second i really want to clear up that in almost ALL cases I've ever seen people spouting that p2w ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is total nonsense. Paying for progress/ advantages is close to paying for dlc which isnt a problem unless in excess (most of EA's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dlc, and neverwinters stupid amount of p2w). Paying for things like more cards special mounts and other silly♥♥♥♥♥♥that puts someone on a slightly quicker path is not a big deal especially considering no games with things like this are TRULY competetive (save hearthstone). I'm  not sure i can say more without more or less repeating myself more than i already have so hopefully you can all catch my point.Overall I'd highly recommend this game to anyone especially if they just want to casually game hop and not get serious into the deep dark trek that is really getting into a cardgame!"
,Recommended,255420,11348744,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mourir,This game is awesome. I can finally build my own decks.
76561198007239437,Recommended,255420,11345778,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Swain,"This is the first review I've written, but thought I would take the time having seen all of the negative reviews that were on here.Despite the reviews, I took the plunge and picked up the game. I have now logged 24 hours and have completed the single player campaign. That's quite a while, but then I played on the medium (Archmage) difficulty and wasn't looking for an easy time of it. In my experience you learn the most from when you lose and each loss allows you to tweak your deck, or, should tweaking fail, rebuild your deck entirely and ultimately this allows you to learn the relative strengths and weaknesses of the different cards.I thought that my starting deck was decent, I picked a Black and Blue deck and breezed through the first plane updating my deck after pretty much every win. The game did get tougher then and I was stuck for a long time on the ""Storm the Castle"" mission, but after building three new decks (Red and Black, pure-Blue and Black and White), which, by-the-way, in enjoyed doing, I finally put together a Black and Green deck that got my through the encounter. There were other snags along the way, but I eventually went back to my Black and White deck, updated it's focus and won through.There was a bit of grinding to expand the range of cards I could use, but to me, openning the packs and seeing what you've got, is all part of the fun.I'm not saying that the other reviewers are wrong, but I'm glad I decided to make my own choice and I've enjoyed the game so far. Now it's on to multiplayer and seeing what creative decks other players have put together.In summary, the game is challenging and it'll take you a while to get through the single player campaign (perhaps not if you play on Mage, I don't know), but if you've enjoyed the previous Magic games, but were looking for a bit more freedom of choice, then this is the one for you."
76561197968653523,Recommended,255420,11337165,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,alexed1,"I've come around 180 degrees on this game.Until yesterday, I was firmly in the camp of the ""this kinda sucks"" side. I've played Duels for three years, and when I loaded in the demo, it really felt limiting. I agree with many of the gripes: the lockin to the initial deck you choose is obnoxious, and the menus are a pain (although they're not _that_ bad if you get good at hitting the escape key, and if you think that the load times are long, you should try playing 2014 on a PS3. As an ex-PS3 guy now playing on Steam, I think the game now loads like a grease-dipped ferret).I decided, though, to splurge on the $35 full game, and the experience immediately went from crap to excellent. Basically, you need to reorient your thinking. This isn't your father's ""Duels"". It's more like a regular game. Regular games, I routinely pay $39, $49, $59. Now, I expect a lot of gameplay for that amount. So what's the regular game like?You get a large set of cards to work with, including plenty of rares. (I _think_ the handful of mythics that I have came in part from the basic game, but I can't vouch for that) I understand that many of the best cards are ""premium"" and not in the decks that come with the main game. But I've been playing the main game for hours now with only a few $2 boosters, and it's a ton of fun. Playing through the campaign, you can look at each individual enemy and try and craft a deck that will beat it. Certainly the decks that are craftable with the basic $35 game are not going to stand up to multiplayer. But that's not really any different from regular MTG, right? I'll be happy if I feel that the campaign has given me $35 of value. I've never really been willing to invest in the dollars it takes to play multiplayer anyways. When you get right down to it, that's the real reason I play Duels instead of The Real Thing.So for example, I hit the final battle on Theros, against a red black reincarnation deck. First I tried hitting it with a pure blue deck that I had created to learn all the new blues. But it kept sapping all my life before I could get anything built up. So I decided to fight fire with fire and use a white black deck. The game suggests a white black ""archetype"" deck, but it has been a ton of fun optimizing it with cards from the basic game that aren't in the suggested build. As an example, the ""suggested"" white black deck doesn't use any artifacts (I think this may be true of all or most of the suggested decks). So there are a ton of interesting tradeoffs to consider about which artifacts if any deserve to be swapped in.It took me 5 or 6  iterations to come up with the killer deck for clearing the final Theros battle. Each time, I got a little closer. It was brutally difficult to winnow down from 80 cards to 65 cards (I still haven't generated the self-discipline to get that deck to 60 - another reason why I'm not meant for multiplayer).  I finally nailed it with a deck that focused on using Suffer the Past to drain the foe's graveyard and Reprisal to take down his Underworld Cerebus stormtroopers, while getting him to reincarnate multiples of my Lone Missionaries to stay alive.  A winning deck built around Lone Missionary and Suffer the Past? How unlikely! It was very satisfying.  That's what makes Magic work for me.I think by this point I've laid out for maybe 4 boosters. That's 8 more dollars, but the combined amount is still less than I paid for Xcom, The Last of Us, and all the other games that I wasn't willing to wait a year for for price reductions.So my suggestion is that if you're looking for great single player play, give serious thought to the full game. Someone said that if you make it through the campaign, it ""unlocks all the cards"". I don't get any boosters when I win campaign games now, so it looks like if you buy the full game, you don't get boosters for winning (which is weird). However, the tradeoff is worth it for me. The grind seems a little too painful.If you like single player, and you're generally comfortable paying $40 for a strong video game, I think you'll definitely get your money's worth buying the full game. I'm only bothering to write this because I came _this close_ to writing the game off, but when I look back on how many hours of fun I had just trying to build decks for a single campaign battle, I'm really glad I spent the money.And they'll probably patch the damn menus, anyways. =)"
76561197999301009,Recommended,255420,11359860,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,JD Ickshot,"As a casual Magic fan I got plenty of enjoyment out of this game, 30+ hours, and couldn't ask for much more out of a 10 dollar game.  I understand some of the complaints about the game, but I have to say you can build some very good decks without spending extra money.  I was winning more than 60% of my online duels, so don't listen to the people who say this is ""pay to win"", they are just bad at the game.  The main frusteration I had was not being able to play my friends in online.  There is a way to set games private but when you invite people the same glitch happens over and over.  So would you rather buy 2 booster packs at Shinder's or have a game you'll get at least 20 hours of fun out of?"
76561198009837105,Recommended,255420,11284505,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ragnar Lodbrok™,Best magic yet
,Recommended,255420,11285025,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,|| Kuja ||,"Fantastic re-imagining of magic 2014, better stability, smoother graphics and a nicer, clean interface. All coupled up with a beautiful deck progression and vivid story telling. Any strategy fan NEEDS to get this game!I player 2014 to death, now enjoying unlocking the new cards and improving my deck with much more benefit than in 2014. Every choice you make has the chance to make or break your deck."
76561198122282240,Recommended,255420,11288429,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shacke One,"Hey guys,Magic2015 seemed really cool to me when I seen it.And I can tell: IT IS !!!If you are a Magic fan you should really buy this game.Greetings !"
,Recommended,255420,11357069,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,wapa ツ,"The negativity surrounding this game is largely false. Yes, two-headed giant isn't in the game this year. That blows. But other than that, this year is the best it has ever been in my opinion. We finally have complete deck customization from a pool of currently about 1,000 cards. (All of which you can unlock without paying any money) There are quite a few bugs at the moment, nothing game-breaking though.All-in-all, I think this game is worth the $10 this year more than ever.  If you are a Magic fan and the negative reviews are keeping you away, I would at least try the demo and then decide. Personally I find it to be much better than last year. (2014)"
,Recommended,255420,11296065,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Seriloth,Finally has custom decks. Though i dont know why anyone would get the full £30 edition since it removes the fun of unlocking cards in game. Other than that the UI for deck customisation is easy to navigate and easy to understand and the game plays as it says on the tin. Die hard magic fans already have it and its a great start for anyone interested in the card game.
76561198019258014,Recommended,255420,11296934,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Akadi,"SOOOOOO many bad reviews on this game and some of them are just complaining about stuff that isnt true ^^1) Starting Decks  ( NOTE: You choose your deck after completing or skipping the tutorial )I really like the game! It is true that at the start you decide for a deck by choosing a main color and then a second color to get a mix of cards that are not great!But really do you want to start a game with a deck that can beat every opponent in 2 turns ?The fun about magic is collecting cards and then build a deck with what you got in your booster and then try out these decks against friends or against campaign Decks!Your starting deck just means that you will get some cards of the color of your choice!The only way to change your starting deck is between the moment you picked it and the first duell against the tutorial boss!Afterwards you have to live with your cards and you need to unlocke new cards by getting booster!2) CampaignAfter completing a turtorial you can start the  campaign which is seperated in 5 Planes! Each Plane consist of around 5 enemys! You have to beat the first one to get to the second and so on!A in my opinion great change in the campaign compared with Magic 2014 ( the only other part i played ) is the fact that the enemys dont play the same hand everytime!In 2014 they had an order of cards they wanted to play and if you didnt prevented it somehow you could predict what card they would play with a 100% chance!Now it really feels like they play a normal game, so they can have bad starting hands with few mana or no creatures to play in the first 4 turns! So it was fun to play the campain even if I had to repeat a duell because i lost!3) Collecting CardsThis was a very important point for me and i am glad they made it that easy to collect cards, yet you have to work for it!When defeating an enemy in the campaign for the first time you will get a Booster with cards! Most booster constist of the standard cards you will get in a normal Magic booster ( Some commons, uncommons and rare or mystic rare cards )but some booster, for example the first booster you will get in the campaign are are skripped to drop special combinations!So the first campaign enemy will give you a booster with only 3 commons in it, the next with 3 uncommons up to an booster with 3 rare cards!From then on all enemys in the story of the campaign will drop normal booster!Now there is the problem that after defeating an story AI he will not grant you a new booster if you challenge him again!!!!To get more boosters you need to explore the Planes!The button to do this is unlocked after clearing the first Plane!!!The booster you get are always defined by the Plane you are in! So in Theros you will get Theros booster and in Ravnica they will be Ravnica booster!( Tip: Completly exploring a Plane will let you face with a Planeswalker! Defeating these will grant you a special booster with some skripted rare drops )4) Deck BuldingNot much to say here! If you got the cards in a booster you can put them in a deck!To create a deck thats a different color than your starting choice you will need to collect a few cards and it will take some time!There is a special limit to the use of uncommon, rare and mysticrare cards in one deck!The same card is only allowed X times in a deck. ( Uncommon: X=3 ; Rare: X=2 ; Mystic: X=1 )4 )MultiplayerI havent used it yet! Because i wanted to finish the campaign first ^^ ( which took me around 7 -8 Hours so far! )5) ConclusionI really liked playing the game so far! The ability to create a deck freely is in my eyes a great Improvement!You are able to collect almost all cards simply by playing the game and on the highest difficulty the game is challenging and fun to play!Cons: There are around 50 Premium cards which are ( as far as i know ) only accessible by buying Premium Booster!"
,Recommended,255420,11296883,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,kiranearitachi,"Everyone else is posting bad reviews because of the removal of 2hg and the premium cards, What they dont understand is that that is the way magic is played you buy packs and play 1v1. The game is fine as is and if you are a fan of the series you should consider it. Also grinding cards is way easier as you get packs of 15 cards every win in a plane."
76561198006847285,Recommended,255420,11323884,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Duke Wintermaul,"Don't listen to these negative whiners. This game is actually very good. Here's why:It brings back almost everything the game offered from its previous game. So if you're the old Duel of Planewalkers gamer, it will give you exactly what to you expected. If you are new to this game, for 9.99 with this much card contents, 5 decks + extra hundreds of cards worth of at least 59.99 real physical card, it's a bargain! compare to other garbage card game out there like pay2win 1-card-I-win PVP Hearthstone (with barely enough card)In addition:Pro:1) Your reward of winning the game is in booster pack (yes, unlock multiple card with rare)2) In addition to the tradition 3 challenge decks + 1 specific boss deck, they also introduce ""Explore Mode"" where you fight random deck from that plane, and get booster reward, rather than the old style of unlock 1 specific card.3) Fully customize your deck (this is where this version shine) you can now literally create brand new deck with new strategy from nothing. Of course to the extend of their 300 cards pool. Then you can also pick the deck box picture for your new deck.4) Customize deck also offer additional feature to help you analyze what you put in your deck with statistic of creatures, spells, cost, land, and even feature, analyze the type of strategy that your deck favor such as speed, strength, control, synergy, to help you make the more efficent perfect deck.5) Customize deck also introduc sorting system by color, cost, rarity, card type to help you browse through your unlocked booster pack card pool.6) Practice game, in addtion to 2, 3, 4 players Free for All. You can now have AI computer use your own custom decks, yes remember that new powerful deck that you just created from scratch, no you can dual against it or pitch it vs. another custom deck. A nice way to ""taste your own medicine"" the fun is limitless.This game focus greatly on your PVE contents.Pro:1) Too much additional flashy spinning animation in navigation and interface could slow down laggy on weak laptop.2) No ""bonus mode"" like Planewalking or Archnemesis 3v1 1v33) No 2-Heads-Giant aka 2v2Bottomline, for a card game compare to other franchise like Warcraft Hearthstone and Might and Magic Duel of Champions, this game, Magic 2015 Duel of Planewalkers is huge bargain!!! for its cost, so much contents for what it worth."
76561197993867041,Recommended,255420,11322721,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,BoutTreeFitty,"just like all the other magic games, game is slooowwww,not made well, but buyable and palyable , wish theyd makeit so it wouldnt take 3 minutes to restart a match. brand new game comon."
76561198125847615,Recommended,255420,11323107,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,pwnudead,Great game. All the kids who are complaining need to just stop playing.
,Recommended,255420,11279101,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Outdoors Monty,People are complaining about the small things about this game in my opinion this game has room for improvement but it is still really good. I preordered the full package with all the cards and foils. You pick a deck to your liking and if you are even a beginner at paper magic this is a walk in the park. I chose the starter deck and in the 1st hour I beat the 1st part of the campaign and unlocked all the premium cards and built a deck that is absolutely OP.Pros--------Build your own deckUnlock old and current cards in setsWinning unlocks more and better cards for decksMakes deck building challenging and funBeing able to foil any specific card you would likeCons--------Awful clunky menu's that can be sometimes hard to navigateOverall I would reccommend this game to any beginner or just somebody who loves magic. And if you would like to make the game 100% better in expierence spring for the 40$ full set and be able to build powerful decks that can compete even more than what you start with
,Recommended,255420,11279170,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Carinyc,The Magic computer game we have always wanted. Instead of having pre built decks you can completely build you own from a selection of just over 300 cards. There are little annoying things here and there like the way the menu works and how the matchmaking is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ but other than that it's great. 4/5 would only recommend to people wanting an introduction in magic the gathering.
,Recommended,255420,11290069,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Matrolen,So far so good. Looks like a revamped engine. No bugs! So far. Building your own decks from the get go? Awesome!!! This is what we've been waiting for.
,Recommended,255420,11291194,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Wimp Lo,"Honestly, I don't know why this game is getting such a bad rep. If you enjoyed the other games than you should like this one. It is a little harder to win but I would hate it if I could get all the cards easily. As for people buying up a bunch of backs and stuff to pump up their deck I don't know if I care for that but what are you going to do about it. I have enjoyed playing this game and at least give it a shot. If you can buy it during a steam sale while being able to buy some packs for cheap than I think that it would be a steal."
,Recommended,255420,11298249,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jester,"People aren't doing this game justice.It really is a great magic game, better than its predecessors.Idk why people are saying it's difficult i just went through innistrad and theros without a single loss. (10 games)Pick the black and white deck I guess, it has lots of bomb removal. Easy peasy.I saw someone say that you cant choose which color mana is taken for the costs of spells, you can. lolThe game gives you more cards, faster than earlier games also, so idk why people are complaining about not getting cards.I've gotten lots of good ones from my victories.Don't believe the dumbasses that don't know how to play magic. Is good game."
76561198034646780,Recommended,255420,11311843,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,IdioMeme,"If you're a fan of MtG, and you feel that Planes has always been lacking becasue of deck customization, then you'll likely enjoy 2015 (you'll probably want all the cards unlocked tho).  If you're new to the series, or want to only pay $10 and be competative in MP, then perhaps there are some things you should consider & understand before jumping blind into 2015.Everyone seems to be hung up on the premium booster packs; or they don't know which versions to get...  Buy just the $10 core game? Spend $20 to get the card collection in the in-game store?  Spend the $35 on the Ultra Super Mega Version?  Do I really need premium boosters?Here's what to consider if you're not sure which way you want to spend your money:As of right now, there are like 14 or 15 premium booster packs.  If you pre-ordered, you'll get some free.  Honestly, it's cheapest to NOT spend the $20 on the card collections in-game, and put that money towards premium booster packs.  For like another $8 or $10, you can buy the rest of the premiums and just unlock ALL the other normal collections in the campaign; it goes pretty quick, really.  That's the cheapest route to all cards.  Just remember, as of right now, you can not get premium boosters from any gameplay.  It's micro-trans only.  If you go and buy the card collections in-game, then buy all the premium boosters to unlock all remaining cards, you're going to end up paying almost $60.Do you need the Premium card collection?  Depends on how confident you are in your deck building prowess, and whether you plan to play a lot of Multiplayer.  If you do, you'll likely be at a disadvantage.  If not, then no, the premiums are not ""needed""; they just add a nice variety of options to the decks you'll be able to assemble.At the end of the day, if you buy the core game, and all the premium booster packs, and unlock all the other cards in campaign, you'll have all the cards avaiable in MTG:DotP for less than the price of a FatPack.  You even get custom deck boxes... if only it would've came with a sweet 20 sided D15 dice.  ;)"
76561198040372821,Recommended,255420,11312694,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,marpj-iddqd,"The game is good periodSo many people ranging because they dont have deck bulding skills or pacience or didnt read about the game (no 2HG is old news).Now about the game:CONS-the menu interface is terrible and slow-the tutorial is slow and you need to do it-premium cards (but they arent really important, but sucks to dont have all the game)PROS-Full customization (so you can see some funny things online). The decks can be neat, but takes some time to really be able to do so-Campaing difficult (it is now random and more difficult to deal, still cheating a little but now you can really use a ""sideboard""in the story mode)-Overall fun gameplay - the game is fun and gives you a lot of options (but I want planechase again)TL;DR = the game is fun, but takes a lot of time and more skill that previous ones"
,Recommended,255420,11297492,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Skorp,i love it!!
76561198109099846,Recommended,255420,11311201,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Moist Ointment,"Did you enjoy Duel of the Planewalkers but find yourself thinking ""I wish they'd make this less accessible, more expensive, and took away my favorite game mode""?Did you enjoy Magic Online but wonder ""What would happen if they lowered the card count, restricted multiplayer, and made this impossible to enjoy without farming""?If you answered 'Yes' to these questions and love mist. I mean, mist over every menu screen, game field, and cutscene...I've got a game for you."
,Recommended,255420,11298577,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,hellbunny,Im going to start by saying its slow and much different than the 2014 version but there are a lot of great things about the game!!! The downsides are that they dont have the two headed giant and I think building the decks is a little harder. It came out yesterday and I have already defeated all of the campaigns. The up side is that it is still Magic. Even though Im still figuring things out I like the new layout and there seems to be a lot more options in making custom decks!!! Its definately worth purchasing!!!
,Recommended,255420,11293709,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[MD] Dwight D. Eisenhower,So after playing for 10hrs or so i am realy starting to like this version of the game. Pay to Win really isnt bad in this game as all cards in the collections can be unlocked through playing the game. There are only 14 premium boosters and i got one of them from pre-ordering and another from owning Magic 2014. Those boosters unlock after beating the first boss. Also later in the game it unlocks the ability to have more then one deck.
76561197988927906,Recommended,255420,11278624,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"The negative reviews are by whiny little kids who were hoping for more more MOAR!!! But that is not the way of MtG...this MtG is one of the best PC versions they have released so far. Yes you start with crappy decks but hey this time you get to build it yourself instead of using only the premade decks.More whiny little children are complaining about the lack of 2HG to which I would say...just wait, it will most likely come and if it doesn't then go back to playing 2014, one feature missing doesn't justify crying like a toddler.SO...why is it that I recommend this title?1. It builds further into the MtG world with a new storyline (every MtG has a pretty lame story but still it is something)2. New cards to choose from3. New opponents4. New ability to build your deck from boosters5. Shiny new menu (not sure why people think it's bulky because it's extremely smooth for me who is running this game on a crappy Acer laptop.)6. Pretty cool animations7. ITS FRIGGIN MTG SO SHUT UP AND PLAYIt's another MtG game so expect more of the same and at $9.99 it is a steal. However I would expec tthat it would be much better on console."
76561198048415216,Recommended,255420,11317860,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,A. Honeywell | EMS 404,"Love magic games, hate how they made this one so expensive, wish they would make it like the other ones 20 bucks and you unlock all your cards by winning, or by getting a .99 cent key.  But all in all I see myself playing this game a lot in the future, cant get enough magic."
,Recommended,255420,11301967,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,zellerburger,Pros:It is less casual now.Deck building.Beautiful.MTGBetter than beforeCons:Menu system.Wish i had all the cards like in magic onlineno 2HG
76561198038746306,Recommended,255420,11301140,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Booty Warrior Z,Pay to win: that is all
76561197971877162,Recommended,255420,11309761,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"Magic 2015 is hard to reccomend.  On one hand, if you're a fan of magic, you'll enjoy the single player experience...somewhat.  This incarnation has some pretty bad AI that won't attack you when they clearly have the upperhand and the mana usage on your part is spotty at best when selecting spells.  The  AI will legitamately use all the mana from one color to cast a spell when you still have other cards of that color in your hand.  You need to hit control to change this but it shouldn't be that way, the AI should be smart about it.  There have been countless times when I raged at my screen when I forgot to hold control.The graphics and all that are fine.  THis time around there are very nice cut scenes and some kind of fog effect on each screen.  Its REALLY annoying and slow to navigate.  If you want to exit the game, you have to go back through 3 seperate screens, all with fog fadeaway's that take forever.I own every DOTP Magic game except 2014 so I dont know what MP modes if any, are missing from that one.  But in 2015 many people are annoyed that two headed giant was removed.  I personally don't care.  I play this for the SP mode.  It seems like the devs spent more time fleshing out the SP expeirence and didn't have time to add all the mp modes.  These Magic games are coming out like new cars.  1 every year and always 6 months prior to the new year they're listed for.Lastly I'd like to talk about the microtransactions.  You don't need to buy cards although its available right away.  I wouldn't waste your money to buy all the cards right away.  It doesn't take long to unlock most of them.  Play the game you paid for and grind the cards out yourself.  It's actually not that tedious or boring.  My major complaint is there's no tracking system for each level you complete telling you if you've already unlocked a booster from that level or not.  Normally you have to complete each level in order but when you arrive at a new plane, there is an option to explore it or move on to the first boss.  The explore option unlocks a booster but there's no way of telling if you've already done that level when coming back. I personally cant recall what I ate yesterday, let alone if i unlocked a booster pack from a video game.  But now, you can make whatever deck you want and this was badly needed in every other iteration of MTG.  This is without a doubt the best SP expeirence for Magic besides playing Magic Online and buying digitcal cards with real money.For 10 bucks this game is worth a buy I""d say if you're a Magic fan.  If you're just a card game fan, play Hearthstone.  It's free to play.  So it's really hard to suggest this as a buy or not.  Alot of reviewers on here are raging that the MP mode was gutted.  But I don't care about it.  So buy it if you just care about the SP experience."
76561197989451777,Recommended,255420,11294820,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,bananenwinkel,"Its only worth when you buy the cheap version because you can costimise your decks, besides that 2014 is better in any other way."
76561198014831460,Not Recommended,255420,13703380,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,bess.lex,Each New magic on steam makes yo vry your eyes out.I would not recomend this game for a lot of reasons. Dont want to spend much time writing about it.
,Not Recommended,255420,12809696,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Satanais,no 2hg
76561198092225065,Recommended,255420,14132965,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,codster,Hey I bought this game but special edition and it says i get all the decks but i have none unlocked wtf ?Help someone. Thanks !
76561198108371552,Recommended,255420,11296813,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Alagane,"Ok, to start off: Of course the game isn't going to be as good as the physical version, you lose alot of the ability to customize your deck and whatnot. However, the game is solid. I know that alot of people are disliking the menu, but I actually like it. It's a scolling thing, for those of you that don't know, where you click and drag to go to the next option. It isn't a big issue.The next thing I've seen people complaining about is how the game automatically spends mana for you. THIS CAN BE CHANGED. There's a button that lets you choose how you want to spend the mana.Next is the elimination of two headed giant. This is something that I wish was in there, perhaps they'll add it later.The deck building is kinda awkward, but manageable.Overall is a decent game, for those who don't want to go friday night magic, or those who just want to play more often. I'd give it a solid 8/10, (for the elimination of two headed giant, and for only a so-so deck building system).If you have a controller laying around, you may want to play with that, but you definitely can play with KB&M without a ton of difficulty."
,Recommended,255420,11299504,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,lukaszsw,"Magic 2015 - Duel of the Planeswalker is, I think, a 5th installement in the series. It's a great way to get into Magic - the game gives you your first starter deck and after each win you get a random booster pack with new cards. Just like in paper Magic you create a 60 card deck out all the cards you have a and battle opponents on 5 different planes. After you unlock enough cards other deck archetypes become available - this is really only a suggestion as you can modify these decks however you want. As you progress further the opponents get way more powerful. To the point where your regular aggresive deck is not enough and it is better to play control/discard deck. I haven't played all the encounters yet but Liliana was hard for me and Garruk boss fight is actually two fights that you have to win one after another.The deck building is a little diffrent from real Magic. You can have 4 copies of any common card, 3 uncommon, 2 rare and 1 mythic. In paper Magic its 4 copies of any card. I understand this though, a player who grinded the game for hours will have 4 of many rare cards and would get a real advantage over newcomers. It's like in World of Worldcraft high level characters can't slaughter new players freely. Overall deckbuilding is easy and fun to do. There are filters for colors, cost of the cards and the type. There is even an autocomplete button. You can customize land numer if you want (has to be enabled in advanced options)There are no challenges this year, which is ok but the feature doesn't seem that time consuming that they couldn't add it. Challenges where premade play situation in which you had to usually win in one turn against the odds. They were nice but, really, you could only play them once.Also missing is 2headed giant mode in which 2 players compete against another pair. Each pair share a life total of 30. Since multiplayer was always laggy and it was almost impossible to connect, I don't lament this omission. Usually at least one person of the loosing team would disconnect and you would get a win and card unlocks.About card unlocks - new game is superior to 2014 and earlier. You get a random booster of cards that can possibly help your deck. Before you could only unlock single card and most of the ulock were useless. So you had to play, say, 15 games to unlock 2 useful cards and the rest was just a grind. Now each win can be a gain.The Planes themselves are nicely designed. Each deck has a theme corresponding with it. Vampires and Zombies in Innistrad (horror plane), Allies and Kor people on Zendikar and so on. It is just exciting to play against them. Unfortunally not all the cards that opponent has in his deck are playable (can't get them in boosters or anywhere)Some of the cards are only available from premium booster pack which have a real money cost (microtransactions). They are not game breaking and I'm not planing to buy any of them as I didn't buy sealed slots a year ago. Also when you complete the campaign there is really nothing to do. Apart from multiplayer which is quite pointless.On the graphic side they did a complete overhaul this year, consisten with current line of Magic graphic design. The menus are ment for consoles and tablets (they always were) and some spinning wheel movements are not that easy with a mouse.I play with a controlle and it is very comfortable.To sum up, Magic 2015 is a very good game. It captures the Magic spirit of openning boosters and tuning your deck (though experienced players do not buy boosters :) and makes it a challenge to both create a deck and win with it. It might be a bit challenging to beat late game encounters for new players but overall I think they will be fine if they are patient. I reccommend this game to anyone who wants to get into Magic or wants to get back from a long break."
76561197983968681,Recommended,255420,11312500,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sevencross (Guild wars 2),"Definitely not a bad game. Offers quite a bit more customization in decks compared to earlier games in the series. First of all, if you need to learn how to build a deck from scratch, this can be a great tool.To the noobies: this game is geared around the entire idea of building your own deck. There are no decks to unlock, only boosters to collect. Beware of the difficulty levels, as this year the game comes with a ton of challenge. For me, the challenge comes from the feeling of being short handed with the cards I have. My decks simply can't be good enough to beat some of the planewalkers, no matter how I build them. A lot of time has to go into grinding boosters.I am dissapointed that the blocks in the game do not include all the cards in their respective sets. The each block has about 45 cards each. While including every card would have been a staggering task, I can't even build most decks I had in real life from the zendikar block (or the other blocks for that matter).Other than that, I am glad to say I am having fun playing this years game. I'm very interested to see what expansion sets they come out with. I would reccomend buying the vanilla version, as the extra money paid for unlocking cards won't feel justified in the long run."
,Recommended,255420,11313222,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Autharaf,With every new edition of this game WoTC achieve a better experience play for casual and competitive magic players
,Recommended,255420,11313348,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,mrwuss,Clunky UI.
76561198071023918,Recommended,255420,11314464,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Felixthekitkat,"I've played a little bit and I think the games getting a bit more flak than it deserves. Sure the game has its problems like trouble unzooming cards and a few awkward default options but it does have a lot going for it. It has quite a bit of card selection compared to the base set of 2014. I personally dont find the game dificult but of the premade decks available to start I got my favorite kind. I figured it was going to be pick a color ok thats your deck to go but its quite more. It provides a chance for you to try even new decks that your not typically going to use. It was pick your color, I chose black, then it was pick from these options: black red, black blue, black green, black white. From there you unlock more cards to customise your deck to get ideas on what you might like allowing you to custom make decks for multiplayer where you learn even more about ideas.EDIT: I am playing on planeswalker difficulty it's not as hard as one might think and I'm using a black & white deck which can bring you to very low life totals for a high risk/ high reward situation."
76561198029607166,Recommended,255420,11313497,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jobbonator,This game is just awesome if you like card game!  Worth the try specially for the price
,Recommended,255420,11296214,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,D.Va,"the deckbuilding is neat, but the pay to win part of the game is highly annyoing."
76561198028992717,Recommended,255420,11297278,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,denstrict,"I'm glad I didn't listen to all the negative reviews and actually decided to give the game a try. The key to being able to build a solid deck to beat the game with is to continually ""explore"" Innistrad, which is the absolute first diamond in the scenario. THe decks you play against are very easy and with every one you get a booster to add to your deck. Good luck and enjoy."
,Recommended,255420,11299484,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MusicalMikey,"I like this game.Now, can I say I really like it?  No.  Is it acceptable?  Unlike every other review I've read for the game by people who are immidiately unpleased by the UI or Gameplay, I say it is acceptable.Firstly, lets discuss what they did well.  Now, they did nothing exceptionally, but, a lot of what they did do they did on par.  The UI, often credited by even the haters as 'fancy'(although sometimes to a fault), does a good job of reflecting the set the game was built around.  As a matter of fact, I feel the team that put together this game was in much closer contact with the group that made this core set of magic.  However nice it is seeing old cards and gimics in a Duels of a Planeswalkers game, it isn't really reflective of magic at the time, and if some one would use this game as a learning mechanism to get into magic, I believe it is more important for them to know what to expect from the sets of cards they are getting into.  Not some crazy infinite turn combo that they will never be able to pull off without putting in time and money to get old cards that they can't even use in standard which is a common starting ground for new players.The gameplay is exactly what I'd expect from a Duels of the Planeswalkers game, it plays just like its predecessors.  With their special scenarios and silly at times AI.  The story, unlike past versions of this game, does actually exist.  Is it deep?  No, but, the fact that it exists at all is a step in the right direction.I haven't dabbled in the multiplayer as of yet, but I'm certain that plays just like past versions of the game as well.  The lack of 2-headed giant is a negative factor, but not game breaking.The ""Pay to Win"" controversy that seems to be surrounding this game is unfounded.  Looking at the cards you can get by buying the premium booster packs the game offers you is simply a way to 'step up' your game.  Not skip the staircase all together and become a god of the multiverse.  If you've played sealed, it's simply exanding your sealed pool with cards of similiar or worse value.  You do not need to buy packs to win, and can be just as succesful with the game if you don't want to open your wallet past the 10$.Tied in to that ""Pay to Win"" mind set people are getting into is the deck building, which is exaclty what they promised.  I for one am more excited for future DLC that expands the card pool in this game then I ever was waiting for new pre-made decks  in previous games.The most important question for many of you though is, is the game worth the 10$ pricetag?  If you've been a purchaser of past magic DOTP games upon release, I'd say yes.  This game offers a unique experience, which seems to be off setting to many people who have played past games, but I've become fairly fond of the game.  Hopping on and playing it as much as I did any of the previous versions.  If you are some one who would otherwise usually wait for a sale, wait for the sale.  Overall, I do recommend this game."
76561198108031534,Recommended,255420,11309880,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Celic,"Game is super fun! The story isn't the best but its a pretty cool game, I've been pretty addicted to it, The game has tons of cards, and alot of fun things to keep you busy. Fun game! Highly recommend getting it."
76561198008943355,Recommended,255420,11311495,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Russian Blues,"Broken game, completely unfair AI, totally unclear on what you get for what money and the inability to unlock the cards you supposedly paid additionally for. The shortest game eveer by possiblelt 75%. I have beaten the game and over half my cardds are still locked after I paid for unlock. SO, if you want to grind away with horrible decks against a broken AI then I highly reccomend this garbage. MAybe it's more worthwhile to just bang your head against thte wall for a few hours and save the 35 buccks."
76561198048120220,Recommended,255420,11312404,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,CrimsonGal,"Don't get me wrong, i love magic and this is a great game, but it is highly infuriating towards the end. I am a highly experienced player, but when i got to the last ""map"" of the campaign, even i had to turn the difficulty down just to win, and even then it took hours for just the non-final boss mission. Then when you get to the final boss, pretty much no matter what you do the game screws you over. I'll be doing alright, but then when i get the boss below 10 health, if i have enough land (and by this point your hand is empty) it's just land land land until i die, vice versa for no lands, they need a better ""shuffle"" matrix because the current one is complete bullcrap + the shop doesn't work"
,Recommended,255420,11294691,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shriekback,"Despite the bad reviews, I find the game to be everything you would expect from a MTG game.  The game play is how it should be, The game was well worth the price and will keep playing it until Magic 2016 when they come out with the next flavor. Can't really go wrong for $9.99."
,Recommended,255420,11297362,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Moon | M,"Look, Heres the down low.  Menus are annoying to navigate after two minutes.  You start with one deck but its not hard to get more cards. 3 Hrs in and I have enough to build my 2nd deck, white/green and black/red. The deck editor is nice but clunky to navigate. It's still a fun game if you like Magic without having to own all the cards vs single player campagins. It's got some microtransactions on it to Pay to Win for multiplayer so that s*%ks. I don't do multiplayer anyways so the campagin is what I came from."
,Recommended,255420,23943223,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Renzhe Light,"TBH, I am new to magic TCG. So my opinion as beginner this game was fun enough to kill time. Just sometimes I found the single player game only give you one boster card... kinda cheap... but anyway if they didn't do that there wont be anybody buying their cards... lol XDBuy it when it's on sale just like what I did... XD have fun planeswalkers~"
76561198062059614,Not Recommended,255420,15594526,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Male Gardevoir,Don't buy this.Why?Because MAGIC IS AN ABOMINATION !!!
,Recommended,255420,34804276,Posted: 7 September,all,DarkRookie,Recommend
76561198045112333,Not Recommended,255420,23570232,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Uncle Meat,Mediocre game play.  Lacks soul.  2014 was the last year Duels had any fun in it.  Need to return to the previous format.  Allow us to bring our decks from previous duels into current duels.
,Recommended,255420,11280571,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,BrunoSuicida,"Huge improvement over the last game except for the menus which are slower but everything else, deck building, boosters is more free so to say, because now i can make MY deck and use it in SP and MP.I recommend this to every MTG fan out there.9/10 Rating"
,Recommended,255420,11282431,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DeathScavenger,"Took nearly an hour and a half to complete the first campaign because of lack luster starter deck.Some challenges take a long time to complete and require you to create a new deck to do so.Redundant grinding to unlock booster packs.These may sound like complaints, but I rather enjoy all of these little quirks!Instead of paying $40 to have the game nearly completed for me, I put work into it!Instead of looking up how to do something online, I used my brain and figured out a method all on my own!Last ""boss"" used a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t combo on me. Took me over 2 hours to take him down10/10 would play again!SUMMARY:You can read all of the negative cry baby reviews claiming that the starter decks suck (and they do); I would be rather♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if the game started me off with an unbeatable deck... there's no fun in that / no learning curve at all (if that were the case).I enjoyed the excitement behind taking roughly 2 hours to complete a leg of the campaign, unlocking booster packs, and the excitement when you get an amazing card that you will build a new deck around.My only real complaint is that there is no 2 headed giant :(Solid Duels of the Planeswalkers game overall."
,Recommended,255420,11280897,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ivan Kalashnikov,"I took the time to play this game, i'v completed a couple of chapters of the campain now (on planeswalker) unlocked some better cards and i have been noticing more card combos or some types of themed decks to be built.Now my background on MTG, i have played it alot in the past and still have my cards but just don't have the time to play it e.g travelling to the closest place to play with others and trade etc, so this is the next best thing for me you can fully customize decks and build your own, for all you guys new to MTG or are used to pre made deck (you can unlock more premade decks) really take the time to look at your cards so you can build a decent deck instead of complaining and writing a bad review because you suck at the game even on easy.......(i saw some write below they struggle to beat an easy a.i without a perfect hand 0_0 )overall i really enjoy this game, i feel its the best one they have done so far with the multiple fully customisble decks (including deck cover and the name of it), the amount of cards they have put it i'm looking forward to see what the dlcs are, gameplay feels more involving in the constant tought of perfecting a deck, feels more like real life MTG.Bad things i'v picked out about this game, charging for booster packs (you get rares in everyone of the ones you beat a.i on anywayz), charging for card collections (unlocking full chapters of cards) just play the game it will get your deck ready for multiplayer don't fall in to paying for fast track items, also the menu is terrible you can barely see where your going its like they put a bag over my screan and the game is poorly optomized i even had performance issues with the game on: i7-4770k 12gb ram and r9 270xpersonally i think you should buy the game if you enjoy proper MTG, if your new to it (great way to get better at a low cost) or are considering to start playing irl its a great way to see if you will enjoy the game without all the cost of buying more cards, casual players will enjoy this but be warned its not for everyone most people that have never played it will  normally enjoy it more with friends."
76561198035921758,Recommended,255420,11290688,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Asherz_C,"For anyone that is wanting to learn magic the gathering i would say that getting magic 2014 would be a better option as it gives more guidence to the player thoughout the game. But for anyone that likes magic the gathering it is a reasonably good game, but it isn't without fault. I have played through the campaign and finished it in about 11 hours and this is what i think of the game so far.Some of the negiitve reviews bring up good points about the game, as some of the battles with AI if you chose the wrong deck at the beginning you will struggle to get though. But at the beginning i chose a Red-Green deck and i bet about half of the campaign with it in 3-4 hours. Some people are complaining that you don't get enough information about the deck when you start the game and if you choose badly your stuck with it, but if you sit through the tutorial, which is quite lenghty becuase of all of the explaining that is done, at the end fight you are allowed to go through and choose a deck, once you win or lose the fight you get the option to choose another deck so it gives you  the freedom to go though different decks if yo want.Some of the battles in the campaing as i have mentioned can be annoying becuase the AI have some of the same cards every time you fight them, but it isn't the worse offender in the planeswalker series as magic 2014 battles were basicly staged up untill the planes walker battle at the end. While magic 2015 has soem randomness with the battles so if you have to restart you will know some of the cards that they have, but not what they will do with them.The AI is challenging but like other things in the game it doesn't come without it's faults, some times they block wierdly with there creatures, one examples i had it the end of the first planeswalker fight was having a 10/10 on the field and 2 1/1's and they blocked the 2 1/1's and died.The main thing that bugs me about this game though is that while you can go though the campgain like me and unlock as many cards as you want with the explore mode , later on you will go against some AI encountments and they will have cards that you are not able to unlock, such as in the second to last chapter  there is a deck made up of slivers and they limit you in the cards that you have making it so that they can probably sell these cards in future expansion packs.The multiplayer of the game is very limited in what you can do, unlike magic 2014 it doesn't have the two headed giant mode whch makes it less fun, also it is limited to a free for all mode, going up to 4 players. If you are looking for a game where you cna relax and have games with your friedns the multiplayer allows that, but if you want a cooperative experience, even in the free for all mode currently, where you can just beat on the AI this game doesn't cover it. I have tried to add AI if the optiuon is there i can not find it.Overall the game is quite polished in the way that the menus load, even though it wastes time with animations going from one scene to the next. The AI in certain scenarios are challening and fun to play with, but in others if you chose the wrong deck at the beginning you will have a hard time trying tyo beat it unless you get a perfect set of cards throughout the game. The deck creation is fine as it allows you to make a combenation of colours to test with your fiends, or just make the deck that you were given at the beginning one colour. My only real critisim for the deck building is that one of the sets of card is locked behind a pay wall of micro transactions which makes the best cards available hard to acess as you aren't garrentied to get the one you want. Also they give you a large number of cards to work with when making a deck if you either pay for them or work for them, but they programmed in the abilities of a lot more cards than the card collection leads you believe as the AI have cards that you can't directly access. Either to make it so that the AI are more challenging to face as you don't know what they can have, or they could be making it so that you will have to pay money in the future for an expansion to get them.This review is just my opinion of the game and everything in the game works well , the multiplayer isn't the most competitive thing in the world becuase of the limited game mode, the card collecting is good and gives you acess to a large selection of cards even though some of them are locked behind a pay wall and some of the cards programmed into the game aren't acessable to the player."
,Recommended,255420,11302643,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Etherlight,"I don't have much Steam hours logged but have been playing Android version on my tablet.I have been playing Magic since it first came out 20 years ago. It is my first attempt to play a digital version. The older itterations of DOP doesn't allow you to build your own deck which is a big turn off for me. IMO deck building (deciding what you bring to the battlefield) is a big portion of strategy for this game. 2015 is a big step forward because it allows custom deck.Most cards can be unlocked by playing the basic 9.99$ purchased version with moderate amount of grinding as you will probably be replaying campaign duels several times to unlock enough cards you like to build a decent deck. there are a handful of premium cards that are only available by IAP. These add more strategy choices for you but are not required to win. Magic is a very balanced game to begin with, so even with cheap common cards, in the hand of skilled player, one can still be competitive. There are very few strategy games (table-top or video games) that can match the deep strategy and intensity/excitement Magic offers, I can often feel my heart pounding at the climax of some duels as we both have a few HP left and a single mistake can cost me the game.I like the digital adaptation of the game, but I hope there's way to skip the intro and animations as they slow down the pace of the game. It also forces you to play through the two-hours long turorial (including the first campagn level which is essentially advanced turorial) with a very basic starter deck which is a drag for me. UI beautiful and clean but I would like more costumization like different type of table top etc. The music is pleasant to the ears but after a while I just lowered the volume as it gets repetitive and distracting. Technically it runs perfectly on my PC with HD7870 card, and even on my Nexus 7 tablet. I never encountered any crash so far on either platform.Overall as a long time Magic player I am very satisfied with the game, except with the pacing issues and the grinding required if one doens't want to spend money on IAP."
76561198008389157,Recommended,255420,11296560,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Crabtacular crustacean citizen,I flung a vampire at a guy before he could kill said vampire.
76561198013736523,Recommended,255420,11303270,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dakra23,"After reading a few of these reviews I couldn't help but write one myself. I feel like the game is vastly underrated and hopefully I can convince you that playing this game can be lots of fun!One Thing that appears over and over again is:- The starting decks are terrible and you need to face enemies several times to beat them.I started with the blue/white deck and that deck has no damage whatsoever. My strongest creatures were 4 mana 3/2 flyers or something similar. With these creatures as my main damage source I had to face Avacyn many times to finally pull off a victory. BUT I played on the highest difficulty. I don't get how people complain how they don't faceroll on the highest difficulty. I was devestated after I lost to the same card over and over, but I finally came out with a victory and it felt GREAT! Take it as a challenge you try to overcome. I got lucky and had a few pretty good cards in my first boosters, but a few enemies still had me tweak my deck specifically for that encounter. Enemy plays honor of the pure in turn 2 and subsequently has too strong a board? Get some enchantment removal! Enemy plays auras? Get bounce! If you want to faceroll just go to lower difficulty. But being too proud to do so and then complaining how you don't win on your first try every time is just plain stupid. (pardon my language)Another point people make is that you can buy boosters for real money. That is true. It defininitely is a minus, but then again. You need to pay just shy of 22 € to unlock all premium cards (I already got two premium boosters for preordering and owning 2014). I payed more than 32€ on other games I played way less than I played magic just in the past two days alone. Even if you don't want to pay money for those cards: You get plenty good cards in the standard set.There are however a few points that annoy me about this game:First and foremost: There is no two headed giant. This, for me, is the worst thing about the game. I have three friends that also play the game and having just a four player game without teams is just too chaotic for my tastes. 2hd is my tournament format of choice, so not being able to play it here is a real bummer.2: The matchfinder in multiplayer is kinda buggy. Only 20% of the time I find a game with ""quick match"". The other times I load for ten seconds or so and then get a message, that the game is full or not available or something. I really love playing online, but it is annoying.3: The land usage AI took a step down from 2014. In 2014 you at least did not tap mana for spells you have in your hand, but the new AI somehow messes that up completely. ""You have dissolve in your hand? Lets tap down all your blue mana!"". Of course you have to switch to manually assigning lands, but if you are not careful enough it sometimes messes up your turns completely. I do however feel this is a little oversight and will be fixed? maybe? please? Shouldn't be too hard?To end it on a high note:After unlocking all cards I tried out the automated deckbuilder. You have ten pre-build decks you can choose from and all of them seem quite solid. I didn't play all of them, but looked over most of them. I did do a few minor adjustments here and there, but even if you don't want to do that you can have plenty of fun without having to invest time building the decks.By the way: I love how they made the campaign and exploring feel interesting. Some enemies have really interesting decks. One enemy mills himself, another one attacks me with a 418/418 hydra, another deck conists solely of traps, when exploring a cave you start with the blazing torch on your side of the battlefield and so on. I like the overall feel of PvE!To sum it all up: You start small and have to earn your boosters at low levels. After a few encounters your deck becomes stronger and stronger and eventually you have almost complete freedom in your choice of deck. I love this game!Thanks for reading and have fun playing ;)"
,Recommended,255420,12820906,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Furry Senpai,Ok so here is the thing this isnt something you want to play if you are not new to magic if your new you should play this all of the negative reviews is because either they are butt hurt there is no two headed dragon or they blame this game for being made for new people the duels of the planeswalker seires is mostly for teaching new people how to play and get them use to the game
76561198028636294,Recommended,255420,11284384,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,druidmagick,"While I recomend this game, I will say it's a vast difference from the last 2 incarnations. This one is more aimed at the die hard deck builders and casual stratagists than the casual players 2013 and 2014 aimed at. That said, it still feels like some things are missing. With the loss of 2HG there is no longer any reason to sit down and play with a friend, this was a huge tactical error in my oppinion, as that mode was the main reason I recomended last years verion to friends. The other big missing piece for me, is all the cards you see used that are not available in the game. I know it's not cost effective and there will never be an MTG game that contains huge set lists, but if you're going to show me something in a game or have me using it in a tutorial mission, allow me to unlock it. Howerver, like all games it has it's pros and cons.Pro's:Battle UI - it just feels better and has a much crisper look and feel than the last two year's version.Deck builder - Finally, you can make your own deck the way you want it within the restrictions of the card listBooster unlocks - there's just something about getting to open a booster pack of random cards after a duel that makes you want to keep going...much better, imo than single card unlocksLonger campaign play - having to unlock lists of cards and trying to get 4 of each ensures you stay in the campaign mode beating down random opponents for much longer than you ever did in 2013 or 2014.Cons:Storyline is still lackluster - you will find yourself skipping most dialog just to get on with it.Weak starting decks - if you showed up with any of these starting decks to a friday night magic, you'd be laughed out of the building. It takes a couple hours of gameplay to get a decent deck going, and your still going to have to get use to restarting a good amount of the duels.Lacks beef - there are good cards, staples and new, but there just aren't enough concept cards to really go full on with a stratagy, you will end up with filler cards to cover things that you just don't have available. This also brings about the existance of pointless cards.So, with that said. I recomend this game to the solo players, deck building enthusiests, and those that frequented the multiplayer. If you are an avid 2HG with friends, stick to 2014. And if anyone from the design team happens to check this(doubtful), get on some dlc or a patch to give me that pacifism that appeared in my tutorial deck but isn't available in the game."
76561197966821162,Recommended,255420,11281186,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[Fx]Mercenary,"Great game!  You can finally build you own decks!  Great alternative to MAgic Online, and a whole lot cheaper!  Great for casual play!"
,Recommended,255420,11284504,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TheFridgeViking,theres more cards than the other one
,Recommended,255420,11283630,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Drenarb,Day One play through has been great! Starting players off with dual color decks and opening new packs after each campagin fight to augment your deck has been great. Loving this version of M:TG!
,Recommended,255420,11287944,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,wayfarer,"Most of these reviews have rated Magic 2015 negativley. These players have complained about having to choose a first deck basically at random and then being unable to alter their decision, a cheating AI, a nearly impossible first match outside the tutorial, a clunky menu and having to purchase additonal cards with real money. I sympathize with all this but I think these reactions are hasty, most of these are early game problems. I think people are reacting to how new the experience is, they were expecting one thing from their time playing 2014 and now when 2015 is different we get negative reactions.It's true that the first encounter is tough, took me a lot of tries to get through it with my black/green deck and I wanted to swtich decks as well. When I couldn't I buckled down, learned my new deck and beat the computer. The next matches were a breeze after the first and every won match awarded me with more cards to customize my deck with. Additionally I can build my own custom decks even with cards that are being used in others.The menu is clearly designed with a controller in mind over a keyboard and mouse. The fact that there's even an option to buy cards with real money is disheartening. I won't be buying any, I suppose in multiplayer that will put me at a disadvantage. And there's no 2HG.Some of these problems are real but a lot of the bad reviews I see stem from impatience."
76561198141061134,Recommended,255420,11281488,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,NiceCrusader,People are saying no 2HG there prob going to add it in the future the game just came out.
,Recommended,255420,11279739,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Flash Cannon,If you liked MTG 2014 you will like this the really big downside is the menus ui sucks big time everythign else feels the same to me
76561198066342745,Recommended,255420,11284252,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Iwannacapo,"I personally really enjoy this game, i understand the bad rap a lot of people are giving it but there are a lot of upsides to this game as well, a small portion of the cards are only available through purchasing special packs, but seeing as this game costs 10 dollars less than it's predecessors at starting price i don't think it's unreasonable to spend that money to get some cool cards, and the cards that you have to buy aren't even that special for the most part, you can still get brimaz and stormbreath dragon and grisslebrand and a lot of other very powerful cards just from playing the game. i've played this for a while now and i think it's a solid purchase."
,Recommended,255420,11281979,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Joosh,"The Steam community is the worst part of the Steam community.This game is enjoyable. People have certain expectations and are overreacting about things being different this year. If you're new to Magic, this is a good way to learn. If you've been playing Magic for a while, why get upset about how one digital version of the game is played? Seriously, go play MTGO or on your kitchen table where you can make up your own rules and modes.For what this game is, it's good. Is it perfect? No. Is it enjoyable and worth $10? Yeah. (Side-note: Anyone talking negative about paying $35 for all the cards is stupid. You can unlock everything by playing the game. If you want to spend extra money to get things faster, that's your choice. You aren't obligated to spend more than $10.)"
76561198065287920,Recommended,255420,11282602,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,dsagent,"After seeing all the negative reviews I decided to put in my 2 cents.I just beat the game without having to pay an extra cent. Once the deckbuilding menu opens up the game becomes massively easier and overall a lot more fun. There is a huge riot over the lack of 2 headed giant, I don't like this mode however I feel programming wise it would not have taken a huge effort to put in.The menus are horrid. You have to scroll through these awful diamonds that look pretty at first but then swells your anger as you attempt to navigate to your destination. In 2013 the menu was less visually impressive but much easier to deal with.Yes the starting decks are crap but I have often found playing and winning with crap cards at first to be the most fun thing in duels. Perhaps as a modern/legacy player I have grown tired of the uber combos and turn 3-4 wins in the format. There is a certain elegance to using a card that is massively overcosted to achieve victory, pulling off combos you didn't even know existed with cards you most likely have never used.Overall the game is fully functioning with very quick load times. (I am playing on a freaking intel integrated laptop the trick is to use windowed mode and turn down the resolution) Due to some of the problems I kind of wish steam had a ""meh"" option but I would recommend this game due to the fun I experienced playing it."
76561198082924222,Recommended,255420,11283012,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,coolkid82,This is not ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561198009670828,Recommended,255420,11278533,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Trenchsoul,"Here is a link to the starter deck lists.  Before I finished the 3rd plane I could make decks of any color combo just fine and am currently using 2 colors I didn't even start with.http://community.wizards.com/forum/mtg-duels-planeswalkers/threads/4107676I would rate indulgent tormenter the highest value rare avail with the starter choice but the phytotitan and seige dragon are also good picks.  The life and death deck is also ok since it gets a bonus rare (Cruel Sadist) in addition to the unlock.Pros:-Full open deck building from the games card pool-Planeswalker difficulty is appropriate even if about the same as always-Unlocking cards seems way faster this time and more fun due to the booster system-Explore mode avail in each plane to randomize the AI opponent if grinding for cards-Explore mode opponents are unique and not the same as any of the story challengesCons:-that hydra battle in theros.. that fight was the hardest and so early the decks were still too weak-Mana tapping AI is worse-Can't rebind to mouse keys-No 2HG, just 2, 3 and 4 player free for alls (hope they add more modes later)-Can't stop the timer anytime making it harder to react-Required to back out of several menu's to change decks-Premium cards are not possible to be obtained without investing money in premium boosters but you will never get more dupe cards from them than you can add to your collection.  Ths means that 12 (read 14 but mine stopped at 11 and i got 1 for preorder) boosters will be all that it will take to complete the premium set at the moment.  This also means that it will cost a minimum of about $30 for this complete game ($10 for the base and about $20 for the premium boosters) or $50 if you buy the complete edition but I like to open boosters and progress my collection as I play so I prefer the $10 base game over the complete edition.  The card pool is large enough to not need the premium cards but there are some that are tempting.Overall, I think the $10 base game is a great buy for new players or veterans that can no longer afford real MTG (like me).  This one might be somewhat less accessable to new players due to the complexity inherant to the game and that it requires you to learn to build decks but it should be worth it in the long run.  I didn't like the old dotp games becasue of the deck restrictions and only bought those to toy with the new cards till I inevitably got bored. They felt like training tools I was to advanced for but I really like this one.To any new player concerning deck building..  I suggest 1 land for every 2 cards of a color (40 cards / 20 land) unless your just barely splashing a color then you might have to have a few more or some alt mana sorces to ensure you get to use the color when you draw it.  It might be good to overland a tiny bit (38 cards, 22 land) if you are playing larger more expensive decks without suitable mana ramp.  I suggest sticking to 2 color decks till you are more comfortable with deck building.  I also think one should avoid any card that costs 7 or more or be very sparing with them.  Even the 6 cost ones better be very worth and make up a tiny portion of the deck unless one is playing enough ramp to make it reliable or have a strong enough early game to carry it there.  My last piece of advise is to approach blue with caution because its easily the hardest color to play well.  It is my favorite but its subtle control that will likely feel straight up weaker than the other 4 to new players.In closing, I feel this version is multiple times more enjoyable than the other dotp games and can't understand all the negative reviews at all except for the lack of 2HG and the controversy around the premium boosters.  I think the premium boosters were a bad idea concerning PR and fear they might exploit players with them in the future but don't really think its too big of a deal.  The $10 version offers plenty enough and they designed the boosters in a way so that players know that if they buy one that none of the cards are going to be excess.  Maybe its becasue I've played MTG for basically ever and I never have every card the people I play with have so it doesn't matter much to my enjoyment if they chose to spend extra for a few more cards or not.  Was it a lame move with the sole intention of money grabbing?  sure, most likely.  Does it hurt my enjoyment of the game that it exists?  no."
,Recommended,255420,11282826,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,hitem,"For 10 dollas u get some of the lore you crave for MTG alltho its lacking in the storytelling (scenary/sound). This game is not campairable with other version of MTGO, Heartstone or table MTG. This game has a soulpurpose to introduce you to the game, mechanics and lore. They have sprinkled some shinny effects on the game and mechanics to make the duels more intresting for the younger audience.Anyhow, if you are a deep lore diver or a MTG nerd, this game is just for entertainment in another envoirment. Its purely casual and the best way to learn MTG, but be aware that MTGO and DotP are 2 complete diffrent clients, so once you have learned how Magic works, you should switch clients if you really wanna go for it, DotP is a casual inctroduction version of MTGO.This is a stepping stone to MTGO. The 10 dolla pack and campaign is totaly worth it.A++ would play again!"
,Recommended,255420,11281918,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cursef the Goat,"I really enjoy this game.  I think it plays nicely, it looks cool, and It is pretty close to playing it in person.  The only issue I had was that the tutorial was sooo annoying.  Luckily, after doing one of the parts to the tutorial, I noticed you could skip to the end, which was a relief.  There are alot of negative reviews on this game.  Alot of complaints about the micro transactions in particular.  I understand that having microtansactions annoys alot of gamers, but I let it slide seeing as how this game, in the rel world, is built on micro transactions.  I reccomend this game and give it an 8.5/10"
76561198069345653,Recommended,255420,11285121,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Pat,"I honestly don't know why everyone thinks this game is so bad. Personally, I love it. I mean sure there are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flaws to it, but the devs tried. In 2014 I destroyed the AI, and now the AI is super difficult. It's a $10 game, and I found it really fun. Basically it's like a new Madden. Some people will like it, others won't. The campaign is a good 10-12 long and you have to grind for the cards. So all the people complaining about grinding for cards...why did you even buy the game? Just get some friends and play for real. It really isn't too different from 2014. Good, solid card game. 8/10 Should add card trading and actual planeswalker cards."
,Recommended,255420,11281881,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Pros:+ Decks ARE customizable.+ Booster packs are fun to obtain and open.+ LOTS of cards to choose from.+ Decent production quality on aesthetics.+ Still a good tutorial for new players.Cons:- Focus on single-player storyline is pointless, in my opinion.  Who honestly plays this game for the plot?- No Two-Headed Giant.- UI functions poorly.  I don't care how pretty it looks.- I have a computer that runs Crysis 2 and Shogun 2: Total War on highest settings flawlessly.  This game still managed to bog it down with its... booster-opening animations?Verdict:If you are like me and stuck without many options to play Magic with trusted friends (I live too far away from everyone that I enjoy playing MTG with), 10 bucks is adequate to drop into the game and provides a solid fix.  If you are new to the game, this will suffice as a learning tool.If you are already heavily into the paper game, have a shop close by, and/or friends around to duel with, you'd spend your $10 better on a real-life dual-land, lol.Note to Wizards: don't take yourselves too seriously.  I understand this is no substitute to paper Magic; this is fine where you've placed it.  But ensure it runs better, and sacrifice the cutscenes and incessant fog and needless menu animations to make it happens, please.  All the aesthetic extras scream, ""TRY-HARD."""
,Recommended,255420,11285781,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jardenon,Digital Crack.
76561198123415192,Recommended,255420,11285864,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Master00Blaster,game if fun
,Recommended,255420,11288174,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sandager,"I have enjoyed the game very much so far and would like to address some of the things I have read in peoples reviews, after having beaten the campaign on planswalker:1. It is possible to skip the tutorial (expect the tutorial boss).2. You can reselect you starter deck untill you beat the tutorial boss.3. If you are having a hard time beating the campaign try making an aggro deck as most of the deck you go up against can't seem to deal with them. (ofcourse you can turn down the difficulty aswell)4. There is a mana tapping button.5. Sadly there is no 2HG6, There is card grinding, but I think people are making it worse than it is, atleast if you compare it to other TCG as you will get a booster after each win when you choose to explore.7. I haven't gotten the slow load times, but I am running it on a SSD (hopelly they patch it so it runs well on everybodies PC).8. I think the custom deck building is great, as you can literally take any of the cards you have and make a deck with them (haven't found a limit it so far other than it has to 60 cards).9. I think it will make the online meta game alot more fun and varied, due to the custom deck buiding."
,Recommended,255420,11285937,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,GhostedMemory,Ok Ima give my honest review of this game as you can see when i whote this review i put 5 hours into it Review lets get started in my opinion this game is fun and im wondering why theirs alot of bad reviews for it as I have read the reviews and saw the main reason people put a bad review its because they removed 2HG (two headed giant) mode and in my case dont let one small thing ruin a whole game who knows maybe if the word gets to the creators ears they will maybe add it by popular demand just saying I still havent beat the innistrad chapter because the final stage is really hard I mean it keeps healing for god sakes I brought it down to 7 and what does it do heals to 24 yes i got mad but im not going to let one small thing ruin a game I paid for ok heres one BIG reason why I really love this game when i first started it gave me a PROMO CODE to redeam on the wizard website and I did and it said go to a pertisipating store to get my free 6-card booster pack with one promo card and guess what IT WORKED i was really happy when i got the pack once i got home I opened the pack and their was the promo card it was a mythic (foil) Soul Of Zendikar I was like WOAH THIS IS AWESOME because it was my first mythic and my first mythic happen to be a foil also that made my day :) ok now about the game I never really played magic and boy this game taught me how to play now I can stradigise plan my attacks think ahead it tought me well and I still need to compleat innistrad chapter so ima wrap this review up id say this game was worth my money I pre-ordered it still waiting to open my free digital premium booster pack in game and yes it may be hard at firs but that only makes you a better player so yes i recomend you guys to buy it hope this review helps you guys if you read all the way till the end thats for listening :)
76561198049125288,Recommended,255420,11282692,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Obsidian Dagger,"I heard that planeswalker difficulty was very hard and reviews I read agree but I just beat Innistrad without losing a match. Also reading reviews that starting deck is weak but with black primary color and a blue black started with a decent deck for starting. I still think the deck building engine could use some improvements letting you sort easier, add cards without it zooming to that card.Agree with some of the complaints about multiplayer because players that purchase cards have definite advantage and there are on 2, 3, or 4 player games. They should have included at least 1 more mode or really added 2HG and a specialty mode like previous versions. They could bring back archenemy, planeschase, or sealed deck or added a new option like commander or draft.I recommend this as good single player fun but multiplayer is not a recommendation as it stands. Maybe they will add an expansion to improve multiplayer."
,Recommended,255420,11282795,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Thrax,Finally you can build your own deck! Don't fear the IAP/Microtransactions as you can earn packs by just playing. Already I've been able to build 3 winning decks and I just finished the 2nd plane.
,Recommended,255420,11277725,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Echo,"First off it seems that most of the reviewers havent even started into the campiagn without forming an opinion. Yes the decks it alows you in the beginning are set so you cant see them. The game is easy to UNLOCK new boosters (YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BUY BOOSTERS TO GET NEW CARDS). I am more than confident that I will be able to have more than one deck. If your going to review and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least finish the game before you start doggin. Most of the complaints are void due to them being untrue. Play the ♥♥♥♥ing game and stop being a panzy. I started with green/white of course, and the deck is not bad. It actually reminds me of the new journey into nyx decks. The green/white is heavy buffing with alot of synergy. As you would expect. Great game, If your a true magic fan you will be satisifed with your purchase."
76561197994034125,Recommended,255420,11290053,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Silmari,It gives you great control over your deck customisation and is challenging!
76561198049333608,Recommended,255420,11279302,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Celerity,"Honestly, I am really irritated after having read all of the negative reviews. If you enjoy computer card games, as I do, I believe you will probably enjoy this one as well.  This is not a Pay to win game, as you can unlock cards simply by playing through the campaign. Being able to unlock cards and change your deck gives a definate feel of progression, as opposed to simply starting out with all of the cards from the begining. Granted, you do have the option of buying additional booster packs, but I do not mind that, as this mimicks being able to buy boosters in real life card games. I thought the menu was asthetically pleasing, and have found the game to be very enjoyable overall. As far as complaints about begining with only one deck, you can actually play with different decks in the tutorial and reset each time to try another. That is what I did until I found a deck I was more comfortable with. I also did not have too many problems with the campaign; employ the proper strategy and you will have a better chance of success, with that said-- the game does a brilliant job showing how varied decks can be, and the campaign will expose it's (that is, your deck's) weaknesses. As far as price, a starting price of $9 is not exorbitant by any means, especially, as stated earlier, if the game allows you to unlock cards for free."
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,255420,16556125,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,"heh heh I got you now Wizards of the Coast. This was the worst experience of my life. I bought the expansion and everything and only got 20 cards for the black deck to begin with. THat's not even enough to make a complete deck to play with.Other games in this series like 2014 you get a COMPLETE set of cards per color. But, not in this pos game, It no longer has 2 head giant or anything but 1 v 1 pvp now. How boring. Like I want to sit and play for hours against a computer oponent to unlock more cards and I certainly don't want to have to play sniveling KIDS 1 v 1 to get more cards either.So like greed corporates are they give you another avenue to get your cards BUY them and I certainly ain't gonna give them anymore money so I got a STEAM REFUND and I still get to post a review. How nice. :)"
,Recommended,255420,11282964,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Grand Strategy Nerd,"Okay, breathe.Let me start by saying I started and stopped playing Magic: The Gathering when I was 10 or 11 years old, I'm 31 now, so let that sink in. I took a fresh step with purchasing Magic 2015 because, hey, why the heck not.It's fun. DO NOT let the die-hard, hard-on-for-a-stupid-2-headed-giant complainers cloud your judgement. Seriously, what the heck is a 2 Headed Giant and why would I care?The gameplay is exactly the speed it needs to be for new players. The game even asks you how much you've played Magic! Now I don't know if that means you get to skip a scenario or not but maybe it ratchets up gameplay speed or the difficulty of the opposing decks in Campaign Mode. Whatever it is, I am LOVING this game.A decent tutorial that introduces each concept awaits any newb. A variety of different starter decks to choose from really helps said newb out as well. While I don't quite know all the concepts this game has me hooked. You get out what you put in, isn't that the motto of life anyways?So, in general, don't listen to to the l33t trolls posting that this game is not everything they experience with other socially-repressed individuals at their local comic store on Friday nights.If you like Magic, only an inkling, feel free to purchase and have fun. FUN. It's a game people. 7 out of 10."
76561198030803338,Recommended,255420,11314206,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,racerx173,Overall nice game with good interface.
,Recommended,255420,11316804,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Abbalah,"This year Duels of the Planeswalkers adds a new major feature: Deck building. You can now build your own decks and customize them at your heart’s content. There are about 1000 unlockable cards in the game and every victory, bee it in single player or in multiplayer, awards you a booster, containing anywhere between 10 to 16 cards. If Pokémon has taught us one thing it’s that you got to catch’em all.Full Review here:http://in2gpu.com/2014/07/19/magic-2015-duels-of-the-planeswalkers-review/"
,Recommended,255420,11305990,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The Wizard Lux,"I would recommend this game only to former Magic afficionados.-This game changed a lot of UI interaction, for the worst.-They took away favorited features like two-headed giant.-The game is seemingly pay to play with the amount of ""shiny things"" they offer that let you win easier.Wizards of the Coast needs to address the UI, first and foremost. I doubt they will remove the money grab feel for financial reasons. And also, they need to add an option to change some of the graphics settings besides changing resolution.Other than that, this game still is a magic game, so if you like MTG, its still fun."
,Recommended,255420,11279212,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,"Basically, the game is fun as always but, frankly there are currently 2 bugs bothering me;- Game resolution and aspect ration change issues- On store page they said, steam trading cards included but we didn't receive any.Beside these, i can say i like this game :)"
,Recommended,255420,11315762,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Trajan,"Great game, nice scenario. The mandatory tutorial is a but dull, but the GUI is really smooth, and for those wondering about the AI, it just shocked its own ""attacks each turn if able"" creature to avoid being block by a 7/7 lifelink. Pretty smart."
76561198045931091,Recommended,255420,11313875,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Aphana,"By far the best DotP games out there, finally full custom deckbuilding."
,Recommended,255420,11300422,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,HanzSolo,"Gameplay is nice , decent AI this time around, but Not much Co-Op play other than versus.No 2 headed giantNO Sealed."
76561198036222330,Recommended,255420,11313011,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kami,"Pros:*Nearly full deck customizability with some limitations.*Large campaign to complete to unlock cards before entering multiplayer.*People with good luck get to steam roll people with bad luck due to RNG Deck Shuffles.Cons:*Deck customization has some weird and non explained limitions on ""how to"" manually create a deck.*AI can be EXTREMELY hard at times, and most of the times has best possible RNG Deck Shuffles.*If a player leaves during a multiplayer match before game is over, an AI will replace them and can possible destroy you. (leaving should forefit the match completely, not spawn an AI, leave that for Single Player.)*The ""loading screen"" between menus is extremely annoying and wasteful. Too slow.*Harder difficulties seem nearly impossible and don't seem to reward anything different then playing lower or lowest difficulties.*[Glitch] When starting the game, after closeing after editing your sound settings, everything before the Start button is super loud (back to default) until you click the Start button*[Glitch] Sometimes when selecting menu options your click isn't recognized and you need to click several times to activate the menu.*[Glitch] You can click menu options spamming the sound continuously until the menu starts changing.*[Glitch] When using Travelers Amulet, if you close the screen to select a land card without confirming by Escaping or other means it freezes your turn and you can not do anything else nor bring the land select screen back up. This is a huge bug and has cause me to lose some matches.*People with bad luck get wrecked by people with good luck due to RNG Deck Shuffles.My notes:*$10 sure, $35 just to get cards you would have gotten for playing the campaign, no.*Not having all the cards from all the starter decks after tutorial is kind of lame. I would have liked to have been able to switch my decks for certain battles without farming all the Explore missions for cards I should have started with.*The game has its flaws, but for a $10 card game, its well worth it, even if I have the worst luck in the world. Better then spending 100's of dollars on real world card packs to build decks and play physically."
76561198006519239,Recommended,255420,11278924,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Strykt9,Avacyn... what can I say???  The omnipotent gatekeeper to the Innistrad Chapter and I cannot for the life of me get past her.....Right now I have a wimpy blue-black control deck with one decent rare that I can bring out in the fifth turn.Avacyn can bring out her emancipation angel turn three and return cathedral sanctifier to her hand and bring it out for another three life.I have been playing against Avacyn for over two hours and finally lowered the difficulty to no avail.One game I had her.  Turn 7. I was going to win.  She has no creatures out and no cards in hand.  I had two 2/3's and a 1/1 poking her every round.  She draws and miracles the Mythic Rare angel card and summons four 4/4 angels with flying onto the battlefield.I cant change decks.  I cant get my boosters that came with the game until i finish the Innistrad Chapter.  I cannot earn new boosters.  This is all kinds of frustrating and annoying.7/17/14 -- One day later.After two more games with Avacyn I finally got past her.  I was rewarded with many useable cards from the promised booster packs.  I am in Shandalar now... second to the last single player  realm.  I have not earned an additional booster pack since.  Is there any way to earn more cards?  Or is this a pay-as-you-go kind of game?  I will post when I find out.7/17/14 --- Continued... Changed from thumbs down to thumbs up.  Picked up some useable cards and it suddenly became fun.   The game still needs work... the AI makes dumb moves even at highest level.  I cannot adjust graphics to high resolution due to software problems.  This almost seems like its still in beta?
76561198126832739,Recommended,255420,11306493,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,stephanfishlock,very hard but good as you must learn story players cards to win and play with all the combination of cards muiltplayer is alittle lacking because of the 1v1 1v1v1 1v1v1v1 no teams or other modes recommend for smart players that no magic and how to build deck from scrach
,Recommended,255420,11294164,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tusslesberry,"Awful.Get Magic 2014 if you actually want to play with friends or get to change your decks without paying 30 quid for all the cards.It MIGHT work, there's an issue they haven't bothered to fix since 2012, so good luck inviting your steam friends if it randomly targets you!"
,Recommended,255420,11296390,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DOPELEFIRE,love the new game! about time we had a game close to the real thing
76561198044024777,Recommended,255420,11296786,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Lagosh,Good game. Still a stripped down version of the paper version but fun none the less. While the menus are a bit much (probably one maybe two to many clicks to get where your going and the animations and rollovers probably need some fine tuning on the buttons) but once you get into the spellslinging action nothing seems amiss.The deck building is Solid and having a fully customisable deck for the first time is great!The difficulty level can be quite sharp on the highest level due to your opponent having much stronger cards then you in the early game may make it feel cheap. Ive been playing on the regular difficulty level and have yet to play a game that seems unwinnable.7/10 lots of room for improvement but totally playable none the less.
76561198114072632,Recommended,255420,11299011,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,sirpartial,"Seems to be a lot of bad reviews for this game and I will attempt to address most of them.First and formost only free for alls in multi-player mode. Yeah thats a hard hit for fans of 2 headed giant, hopefully the negative feedback about its absence will force an update (Keep your fingers crossed)Second, terrible starting decks and no way to change them. This is like schrodingers cat, both true and false at the same time. The starting decks are under powered but they are not unplayable. I believe the starters are designed to force people to consider new strategies instead of the typical rush, control, or burn play style that they may be used to. And you are allowed to change the starting deck after completing the Innistrad plane (A person just has to take the time to beat the first ""Boss""). After Avacyn is defeat return to the Main Menu>Deck>Create Deck, all of the starter decks should be unlocked.Third, ""Stupid AI tapped the wrong lands for my spell! / Targeted the wrong thing!!!"" Any time you can use different combinations of mana to pay for a spell you can press the left Ctrl key to cycle through the lands to be tapped (says so right in the controls tab). Like wise if the target of your spell is in a stack, like equipment on a creature, you can use the scroll wheel on the mouse to zoom in on the stack and select the proper card you wish to target.The Game is so slow. Yes but there are things that can be done to speed things up, turning off combat animations, turning off zoom played cards, and spamming the continue button. Myself I am kind of thankfull that things move a little slow and we are allowed time to respond to everything, in a ""Real World"" duel you can always ask your opponent to wait or hold on a second. I think a lot more people would be upset if they lost duels because the AI played too fast for them to counter.Its such a pain grinding for cards. Yes it is but if a person does not want to pay a little more then the price of a booster pack in the ""Real World"" to unlock an entire set of cards then it is good that they have the option to grind for the complete set. Unlike the previous versions where we were pretty much stuck with what we got. Which brings me to the next complaint.The game has just turned into another pay to win money sink because ""Richies"" will just buy up all the premium boosters. That statement just isnt true, most of the cards in the premium set have counter parts in the other sets that do the same thing or better stuff. A person just needs to know how to maximize each cards potential.The interface is so clunky. I have to agree with that, it seems to be designed for touch screens, which in theory makes it sleek. However theory and practical application are two very different thing. There is good news for those of us without touch screens, the arrow keys can still be used to navigate most of the menues, instead of using the mouse to click and drag.Now that most if not all of the ""bad"" stuff has been addressed I'll move on to the great things.We can now BUILD decks with our ENTIRE collection of cards!!!! Our collection is actually OURS to play with and do as we wish. Finally we are masters of our own destinies.For less then the price of a fat pack we can now own 5, yes 5 complete digital sets!!!!Yes we will miss 2HG but just because that format isnt CURRENTLY supported by the game doesnt mean that we as players cannot unite and talk to each other and make our own player created formats, like maybe ""common chaos"" where each player can only use common cards in their deck, or some form of 4 player assassin and stuff. As long as everybody playing has agreed to the rules, arranging private games with player created formats shouldnt be a problem at all.I have been playing MtG since Fallen Empires was released and what drew me to the game was the fact that it pushed me to test my creativity and ingenuity. This game is a huge step in getting back to the roots of MtG. So what if a deck we make doesnt win every time. Whats the point of playing if you just snag a deck template some one else created, and every duel plays out the exact same way? Personally that sounds much more boring then grinding cards for a couple hours.In closing I would give this game 9 stars out of 10. IMO it is a huge step in the right direction. While there is room for improvement, the same can be said for any game in existence."
,Not Recommended,255420,16342716,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,FaTaL Dreamz,Its the worst card game i have ever played. Just play hearthstone
,Recommended,255420,13670738,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jhuebner90,OK
,Recommended,255420,11309566,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ArthurPlays,"Game Score: 7/10Magic 2015 is one of the games that I've been looking forward to. I've noticed that many people would not recommend this game on steam due to the ""pay 2 win"" accusations. The truth of the matter is that, if you like to play Magic and don't want to pay a lot for the cards, then this is the game for you. At first the game is really hard and it does feel like a pay 2 win game. But, after playing more and more, I've made my very own deck, because that's a new feature in 2015, and I feel like I'm having a lot of fun.Pros:*Customizable decks (build your own)*Feels and plays like the card game*Makes you ""grind"" like an RPG to get better cards*Good viusals and is great for new players to learn the gameCons:*Resolution issues*Buggy in places here and there*Rather hard even in the tutorial*You start with one pre-built deck that you can't reviewSo I'd say that this game is made for new to veteran players. It's fun and doesn't cost a lot to play. People are complaining that the game is ""too hard"" or ""pay 2 win"" but, in reality, you just need to play the game and you can change the difficulty of the game in the options menu.Another issue people are complaining about is that the Lands get tapped for you when you are playing a Spell. Let's say a card costs one green and then any other and you have two green Lands and a red. In your hand you also have an Enchantment that costs one green as well. The computer, most of the time, will use the two green Lands to play the first card leaving you with the red Land left over causing you to not be able to use the Equipment Spell that turn. To fix this problem, just hit the CTRL key on the keyboard. It will go through a cycle of combos of Lands that you see fit to the situation.Overall, I believe that Magic 2015 is NOT a bad game at all. They may have removed and changed things here and there, but it's still a good game. I'd give Magic 2015 a 7/10 score. This is because of the lack of the first deck's information given to you and how hard the tutorial is."
,Recommended,255420,11283322,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,shootaboyyy,see lots a bad reviews on this game but i think its worth the 10 bucks.  as an actively competitve magic player the game is still very easy to play but also enjoyable.  only downside for me is in the beginning they make u chose a pre-made deck to start with but dont let you look at whats in the deck just the colors it is.  besides that it's a great game and worth the price
76561197997788148,Recommended,255420,11282522,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DontEatSmurfs,"Well, i liked this one...besides everyone saying that every single deck is horrible from the start point, you can always make your own deck, with this in mind i could beat all the game, didnt play multiplayer mode tough and like all the others MTG games...the npc seems to always draw the ""good"" hand while i was stuck with my lands, besides that... got a lot of fun with this game... now the grind fest begins after you beat the worldslayer..."
,Recommended,255420,11284713,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,HB Dorwulf,"Many negative reviews..JUST BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE ONE POSITIVE REVIEW, DON'T BE A♥♥♥♥♥♥... =__=I'm a first time Magic Player and did some research on the previous iterations of MTG Duels.This game IS NOT pay to win. After you complete Innistrad (?) you can go and do their ""explore"" option and gain booster packs quickly and efficiently.Beginner Decks aren't weak in my opinion (then again, I'm new so what would I know, right? hah.... Scrub)I beat the Innistrad boss and all it's content in one try with the beginner deck and I have had no problems getting through the challenges.*edit* I found out there's different difficulties. WELP.Will update on multiplayer once I grasp all the concepts.All in all, really solid for newcomers like myself, and I believe it brings alot to the table.Hell, this time around you can build your own deck~ Don't cry about it, rejoice fools!"
76561197965123688,Recommended,255420,11282081,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Darkknight1812,"By looking at the other reviews, it seems like no one has done their research. I understand disliking a game because a feature has been left out, ie 2HG, but to rate it just because of that is terrible.Anyway, I really like the new menus. They load up quickly and they are ""3d"" looking. The tutorial is a little boring for players that have already played, but it is very thorough. The starter deck is not that bad, and I won the first time I used it (mainly because I knew the deck dynamics which is a must to succeed in any digital tcg). The premium boosters, in my humble opinion, are nice to have. I do not have to have them to win, but I can purchase them if I want.-Review Update-I have read some more reviews saying that the game is ""so hard"" and that you have to buy the premium boosters to win. Well, I have beat the first plane, and almost the second plane with just using the starter deck (minus one card from the booster/deck builder tutorial). I have not had any difficulty. In fact, I am thinking about changing the difficulty level to offer more of a challenge. I gues those people that have issues do not know how to play Magic.-Pros--Simplistic UI-Mostly newer cards (most of the other games recycled the same cards)-Runs smoothly without any glitches/crashes (compared to Magic 2014 this is so much better)-More in-depth strategy compared to other popular tcgs (specifically Hearthstone)-Works great with a 360 controller/big picture mode. It even changes ui to match the controller buttons, which in the older iterations it did not.-Cons--The way it handles lands/mana sometimes is counterintuitive. This can be over come by adjusting your strategy a little bit-Resolution in the game settings is broken. This can be adjusted though by going to the steamapps folder, then the game folder, and then adusting the config file, or you can have your monitor/tv adjust to the resolution automatically.-Other thoughts-I have not played multiplayer yet. I wish they would make it more competetive/rewarding. The deckbuilding seems really nice. I wish they would bring back the ""sealed"" mode, and 2HG so people can stop complaining. I am curious to see how they will add additonal content to this game.So far, it is everything I expect to see from another Magic iteration, which is good. It satisfies my Magic itch."
76561198015581917,Recommended,255420,11280116,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Yakster_X,"Thet game seems fun as I have been playng for an hour or two so far and the AI is kind of challenging (atleast on the highest difficulty).The game itself has this timer which I sometimes forget to pause using ""Spacebar"" to stop the timer and lose a turn but I guess ill get used to it. Which brings the question why is that mechanic even there if I can pause the timer anyways?I also have a question:OK, so I have purchased the Magic 2015 - Complete Bundle about two weeks ago...Does anyone have any idea as to how do I unlock the contetns?It said wallpapers, and an ebook, and more stuff like the card collection.Are the card collections just unlocking more cards and not actually the cards themselves? I am a tad confused... where is all the other stuff? Only thing I can see are the 300 foils in the deck area."
76561198077603208,Recommended,255420,11287354,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,egan_l,"FULL REVIEW HERE:http://noisecannon.com/2014/07/17/magic-2015-pc/Wizards of The Coast are back for this year’s Magic: The Gathering digital trading card game, which is available on PC via Steam, Xbox 360, Amazon Kindle and Android on Google Play with an Xbox One version planned for release later this summer. Magic 2015 focusses on the Planeswalkers Garruk Wildspeaker, controller of forests and the powerful creatures that dwell there, and Liliana Vess, the black magic wielding necromancer who has cursed Garruk, now using him to take down other planeswalkers, and you. The campaign takes you on a journey to stop Garruk’s rampage, first witnessing the carnage he has created, then dueling on until you face the cursed warrior himself.Whilst not much has changed visually compared to last year’s Magic offering, Wizards of The Coast has heard the community’s wishes for the practical aspects of Magic 2015 and now allows you to create your own trading card decks from scratch, rather than having to manipulate the pre-built decks and ultimately play how the game wants you to play. For the less experienced players who want to try their hand at deck building, the in game deck builder is surprisingly intelligent. By adding just a few cards that you want to build your deck around the game does the rest for you. This pushes the digital Magic games away from simply teaching you how to play to a more competitive direction, encouraging players to go out into the community and have fun playing against friends and strangers alike.Microtransactions were made for impatient Farmville players, and their increased inclusion in serious games for content that should be and in previous versions has been free ruins the idea of skill rather than money leading players to victory. Their inclusion in Magic 2015 not only makes the game less fun, but the microtransactions are implemented in competitive online play, meaning that a pay-to-win trend is sure to emerge. Despite Wizards of The Coast limiting the number of these special paid for cards that can be had in a collection, the fact that these exclusive cards exist is a sad day for people who play Magic The Gathering to hone their skills, not empty their wallets.Magic 2015As far as the cards available at the time of release, there is very little to be excited about. The previous block of cards Theros and this year’s core set are available, but the core set has more reprints than a poster factory, and for dedicated players of Magic: The Gathering, Theros feels ancient. Despite this, when you choose your preferred colour of deck to play you are given an inclusive choice of colour combinations, allowing for a variety of play styles and ways to approach the computer challengers.Overall, Magic 2015 is another welcome instalment to the longstanding series. Its advances in deck building and story have made Magic 2015 the glue that holds the multiverse together, and for players interested in lore the digital games are a must play. The misty aesthetics and more dynamic challengers make Magic 2015 a progressive albeit expected improvement on last year’s offering, and provide an interesting and tactical challenge for new and seasoned Magic: The Gathering players alike."
76561198015104887,Recommended,255420,11288017,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,captainmurder,Beautiful graphics and great tutorials. Multiplayer is pretty cool too. Better than Magic 2014. Reccommend to all.
76561197986913933,Recommended,255420,11288244,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,groupoid,"The review is based on 3 hours of gameplay only.-1) I liked 2014 music more. However, when 2014 was released, I liked 2013 music more and now I don't know.2) Main menu is really slow. Press ""start"" and nothing happens for a few seconds. Really need an option to kill all the animations.3) Only one deck at start. If you choose some weird one, you are stuck for a while. I got the red+green one, so far so good.4) Around 50 cards out of 300 are behind paywall. However, you can buy 14 boosters to unlock them all guaranteed, and it doesn't seem necessary at all. I got 1 booster for pre-ordering and another for owning 2014.5) Fewer game modes. Wait for add-ons.+1) Combat interface seems slightly faster.2) Deck building.3) You get a booster each time you win a duel. In 2014, you got only 1 card, which was ridiculuous.Well, I don't regret spending $10. However, there is a lot of potential for add-ons, and there is an option to wait until 1st addon and discounted game."
76561198044128298,Recommended,255420,11289902,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Salmon Roe,"It's honestly not as bad as people say it is. I know that it may seem pay to win, what with the card collections and all, but personally I've had no trouble gaining cards, some of them rare. Unlocking cards that can be gotten by good playing is pretty much par for the course for this series, and I don't see how this game is significantly different."
76561198067924271,Recommended,255420,11314637,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,kyoshi,"the building your own deck thing is cool. my favorite part. full control. i prefer to grind out my booster packs and am almost done with ravnica. i pre-ordered so i got one ""premium"" and it was fine i guess. i looked over the cards in the pay to win section, and they aren't that big of a deal.when i played 2014 it didn't lag like 2015 does. maybe its my computer? idk. the menu bar on 2015 is TERRIBLE. read this wizards of the coast. do a patch put the menu how it used to be, this scrolling thing is terrible and SLOW. give me an option to not have to animations. its really a pain in the butt. also the ""combat"" mode animation is annoying. its not smooth. AI takes forever to make decisions,gameplay- i started on hardest setting. ran through the campaign. its ok i guess i don't think anyone cares about the story. i started with black/white lifesteal. then i moved on to mono red after i unlocked enough cards. then i made another white/black, just did a black/red.its fun. i love it. am i going to miss 2hg? not really. i haven't played against other people but im sure its the same everyone will be grinding out games to unlock all the cards first.i was annoyed that tablets got this game for free but i say its worth the 10 bucks, but not really worth spending past that except if you really want the pay to win ""premium"" cards. I really don't think they are that great so even i played someone who had them it wouldn't matter. if you look at the cards, every card there has an alternative available. im sure this was intentional"
,Recommended,255420,24352589,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,📛,It's fine.
76561197969290323,Recommended,255420,11298363,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Cuchilain,"I read many negative reviews criticizing many things that are not negatives.  The deck building is why you buy the game,There is no 'grind' to unlock cards, because the 'grind' is fighting matches.  Thats why you buy the game, isn't it?So far ive had a massive problem fighting the first fight after the tutorial, which is just insanely hard and took about a dozen attempts, but after that the fights can go your way or not.  Its exciting to beat a random match against a deck that you cant predict, and then open your cards.  I even get excited to get some of the cards i like, but want more of, and playing against the variety of decks shows you that you can make some incredibly fun decks.  Its a great source for ideas.The game maybe doesnt play like the others, holding your hand and guiding you step by step into having a synergised deck, but screwing up might just teach you more about whats wrong with your deck than beating a match.  Just because you beat the Spider deck doesn't mean you have a proper strategy for completing against a Centaur or artifact deck?I am really enjoying the game and to be honest, my attention is a fleeting wind.  But i like that i can open this up, play a match, and open up some cards.I would also like to conclude by saying that i play a B/G deck, and i am so excited about collecting the cards i need to build a R/B or G/W deck.Don't listen to all the hate, just do your research and you will know whether the game is for you."
,Recommended,255420,11283588,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,grandma's favourite grandson,The tutorial ♥♥♥♥♥ talks too much.Everything else is fine
76561198046278812,Recommended,255420,11281287,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jesty,"Everyones giving this game bad reviews but honestly? I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. I love the MTG series and this game is just epic. You can build your own deck, the cards are awesome, boosters are epic so far its all alot of fun. Honestly its a great game, i haven't tried online yet but its awesome and way better than any other magic game i've played. I don't see why other people are giving such bad reivews. I've bought this for a few friends and i and we all ♥♥♥♥ing love it.End statement: pretty much the bad reviews are just butthurt people or their just too uptight to chill and enjoy a good old MTG."
,Recommended,255420,11290175,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Coulsy,Stop giving the game bad reveiws all you need to do to get you pre-ordered booster pack is to finish the 1st block of the campagin
76561198043895661,Recommended,255420,11278165,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ezra Algard,"Wow. I am seriously amazed by the negative reviews, most of which are from people who look at the features and assume the worst, having never PLAYED the game.The truth is, this is EASILY the best Magic digital game to date. Very clean UI makes decisions and board state very easy to read at a glance. The ability to 100% customize your deck from your collection (with one slight limitation, addressed below) is something DotP players have been begging for.Where I see most people's concerns is in the existence of ""premium packs"", in game purchases that give a player access to cards otherwise unobtainable. The assumption is that the existence of these cards, obtainable only with real money, has created a ""pay to win"" environment. THIS ASSUMPTION IS WRONG. While these cards are unique, and certain decks can't be built without them, the decks that can be built with them are NO STRONGER than the decks that can be built with Free Play cards. There are only two mythics (one practically unplayable) in the Premium Collection, and several rares. Besides this, DotP 15 has disabled the ability to collect or add to your deck more than 1 copy of any mythic, 2 copies of any rare, and so on. This means even if a player spends a lot of money to obtain cards they haven't earned, there is a very hard limit to how strong this can make them.While 250+ cards is a meager number of cards to collect, it is about the number of a standard large magic set, and as with previous DotP's, we can assume throughout the year that cards will be added through expansions.Pros:- Cleanest UI and clearest hints/tips/tutorials to date. Great product for learning/teaching the game.- Ability to build decks from 250+ unlockable cards (NOT including the premium cards)- Global leaderboards for singleplayer and multiplayer game modes and a healthy competitive environment.Cons:- Currently a meager number of cards to collect.- No easy way to add players as friends in-game.- Deck-building and collection limited to 1 of each mythic, 2 of each rare, 3 of each uncommon, 4 of each common.All in all, the game is great. It provides for MANY different deck themes and strategies, plenty of players to compete against, a healthy competitive environment, and hopefully much much much more to come!"
76561198027737700,Recommended,255420,11278170,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Snagglbeast,Fun
,Recommended,255420,11278359,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zone FNF,"I disagree with the barrage of negative reviews for Magic 2015. In the end, Magic 2015 is a relatively cheap way to get introduced to Magic: The Gathering for new players. The biggest addition to the virtual series is the deck building element that adds the feeling of persistence. I see this title being optimal for people who ,again, would like to get into MTG or play the game in an simpler and maybe more populated enviroment than their locale.The campaign of the game follows the player through a section of regions. In these areas the player battles through aright around 3-5 encounters. All of these encounters grant the player additional cards that feed into the deck building area. Some of these encounters are repeatable in the sense that they can be replayed for multiple packs of cards. Following in suit, I think that this campaign is more so for newer players as it features a wide array of AI decks and playstyles meant to teach about those characteristics accordingly.I've yet to play the multiplayer however I can confirm that certain gamemodes coming from previous games are not there. I think a big factor in the multiplayer is how the game handles singleplayer and multiplayer decks as one thing. Firstly depending on which deck you choose coming out of the tutorial, you are effectively locked into an inital set of 30-40 cards out of the 300 sum availble. There is however, the option to buy booster packs of 10 random cards for 1.99 USD or sets for 5.00 USD. These cards can be aquired through the campaign though do offer a player willing to pay more money more options.Check out my Let's Play for more info.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DaHtUlO8XA&list=UUTP2hlFqdfG8_0T2fCkbLrg"
,Recommended,255420,11274988,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Grimdrome,"It's another DotPW game. This time you don't have fixed decks you have to get boosters to gain cards to make your own deck. This was a very highly requested feature, the ability to make your deck however you wanted, but in practice it's pretty bad. DotPW was sort of an original Magic game because of the pre-made decks. Now it's basically just a worse MTGO. I still enjoy the game as it's the only magic I can play. But those who enjoyed the old pre-made decks like I did, you might want to think before you purchase."
76561198047598604,Recommended,255420,11278326,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Velral,"This is not the best card game ever, sure, but it's not pay to win. You get one deck first, which is a problem, but it's easy to unlock other booster packs in the campaign mode. Just simply choose ""Explore Innistrad""  ""Explore Theros"" etc. and those mini campaigns will get you one of those 10 card booster decks per win. It's even faster than the old way of unlocking cards one by one. Sure, it's random, but like the real life MTG booster pack, it has at least one rare/mythic rare card in it.On the other side, there's no Two Headed Giant mode, which is bad. Only 2-3 or 4 player free for all, so if that's what you looking for, you have to buy one of the previous Duels of the Planeswalker games for that.But if you're looking for a way to create a your own deck from scratch, this is the game for you.Pros:-new deck building, completely from scratch (that's what the gamers wanted since all these years, right? :) )- can unlock 10 cards at a time instead of 1- slightly better graphics than the MTG Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014 game- Auto Complete mode for beginners to quickly create decksCons:- no pre-built decks (for some who just want to get in the game right away)- random card unlocking, which means you have to spend money if you really want one specific card- console-like menus for PC... :( MTG 2014 had so much more user-frendly design- some bugs, crashes"
,Recommended,255420,11284388,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Sucrose,"Where's the specific mana selection? I wanna play vapor snag on enemy's turn with two blues and two reds on the field, and if I summon a monster the cost 2 colorless and one red why in the hell am I using two of the blues?.... My heart kind of hearts and where the heck is 2 headed giant? that ish was fun!"
76561197976408648,Recommended,255420,11286224,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,payne,"I was really excited for this game since I really enjoyed the last iterations of DotP, but I was heavily disapointed.Not only do you only have one deck to start with, which you can't view before choosing, but it is also very hard to win anything, especially on highest difficulty. The business model is almost on MTGO levels and therefore makes this games existence nearly obsolete.I just finished the campaign, havent looked into multiplayer yet, but there seems to be no Revenge campaign, which is a step back. Also there seem to be no challenges, which I always enjoyed the most.If you're new to magic and wanna get into the game, buy the 2014 version, you'll be better off that way."
76561198051559399,Recommended,255420,11289930,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Bitch Puddin',"The reviews are not entirely accurate. You do get to change your ""starter deck"" during final stage of tutorial and when you do, that is your opportunity to check whats inside of the deck AND later (i think when you beat innistrad) you can create custom decks from which you can either select one of the presets offered earlier  and expand upon them OR create a fully custom one with any cards available. That being said, not terrible, but the slowness of the menues is true. Also I purchased the  complete bundle so I spent no time unlocking all the cards, that helped."
,Recommended,255420,11286874,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kreftisch,YES.
76561198145286144,Recommended,255420,11282765,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ecyobynot,I haven't played it very long so I don't want to give any advise but I bought the complete bundle and I don't have access to all the cards when I have started. An explination would be nice for people like me that don't know why.
76561198020443048,Recommended,255420,11287734,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Crab Hammer!,"Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, change the menus. All I want to do is change some music settings, not traverse the f***ing multiverse. A simple list structure will do. I want to play the game, not the menus."
76561198059516636,Recommended,255420,11284164,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,"*edited*i don't know why it's getting bad reviews !!!!!maybe bcuz they removed 2hg bonus mode?that mode was full of noobs with +70 decks,mul daya spamming,90% of the teams quiting when about to lose,and when someone got dry on landsit turns out to be 2 vs 1 mode.so..... that mode is not balanced but not that bad.collecting cards, opening boosters,and making decks with other colorsare awesomemy only problem is there is too much white bright screen *_*if you are a real fan of magic go get it."
,Recommended,255420,11278143,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,thelastFireKeeper,"very fun. i do like the layout a lot and the deck customization is great. i'm not so sure why everyone has been giving this game such negative reviews. i think it is the best magic videogame since 2012. if you are a fan of the actual TCG like myself, do yourself a favor and buy it."
,Recommended,255420,11278157,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hypelios,"I like that you can build your own decks.  Its pretty easy to pick out a starter deck based on your color preference and some common sense.   Got all the booster packs from the preorder after beating the last part of the first plane.  The deck builder is pretty easy to use and shows a great stat menu and card filter/finder.  Dont really feel the need to buy booster packs, but the option is there is you need it, you get some good cards after each win.I do miss the fact that there is no 2HG or AN modes.  But I am enjoying getting my a** handed to me in 4 player multi."
,Recommended,255420,11276824,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jason Fever,"Magic 2015 is definitely not Tragic 2015 even though technically tragic events happen within its compelling story.  The new slick, sleek & sexy user interface is stellar and it gives Magic 2015 an unintentional sci-fi aesthetic that's oddly welcome.  My only real complaint is that they misspelled Siege Worm as Siege Wurm in the game (hey game developers learn how to use spell check already).  All in all, Magic 2015 is a fun game guaranteed to give you hours of magic carpet rides even if you only have hardwood floors."
76561198134906340,Recommended,255420,11275851,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,♛,"Pre-Ordered the game. First Duels of the Planeswalkers that I have played but have been playing MTG for about 15 years now. Playing on the most difficult setting and the game is fine. Went through the tutorials and the first deck set in the game.Only disappointment so far is the booster packs from playing the game only giving Three cards when i heard that it would be more.The game is fun and good for some quick MTG when you dont have time to get a group together, it is detailed enough that it should be able to teach new players how to play but nothing can replace the real thing. Using strategies you would use in real MTG seems to catch the bots off guard and trick them. Even playing on the highest difficulty they are easily beaten with a rush deck.Still overall a fun game definitely worth the $10. And definitely good for new people."
76561198021653832,Not Recommended,255420,23881913,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Daybrams,"This game is garbage and if you're thinking of getting this game you're garbage.This game will teach you a little about how to play magic.If you're still reading this, stop and go do something productive. Why are you still reading this?GoGetYour close relatives miss you, go!"
,Recommended,255420,11277720,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lobsang,"This game has a great atmosphere, fantastic gameplay, and it's Magic the Gathering, so just buy it and see. It's totally worth it :]"
,Recommended,255420,11277233,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,AtomsOrSystems,"Meet the new Magic 201X, same as the old Magic 201X.  Of course, although it looks the same, but I can't deny that it feels quite a bit better.After 4 hours of playing, visually it looks like Magic 2014, just with some different skins and backgrounds.  However, at the Planewalker difficulty, the AI seems a bit more put-together and challenging.  Also, although I haven't confirmed this, they seem to have done away with the pre-planned card draws for the AI  that made up a large number of the campaign matches in Magic 2014.The big change is in the deck building; WotC says it has finally implemented open-ended deck building.  After pretty much every campaign victory, you get a booster pack, and can either adjust your pre-built deck, or build a deck from scratch.  I'm only beginning to scratch the surface with this feature, but it's already a lot of fun.  It should add a lot of flexibility to the game as a whole, and especially the multiplayer.In the end, it's not the whole MTG experience, and there are no revolutionary changes, but there are a lot of important incrememntal changes.  I'm sure I'll spend quite a few hours enjoying it, especially once I work my way up to the online multiplayer stage.  If you're a fan of Magic: The Gathering, I'm betting you will, too."
76561197960884275,Recommended,255420,11277169,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Meatsweats,"For all the people that claim the tutorial is too hard/unfair... there is a >>>SKIP button on the bottom right once the menu forces  you to the tutorial, which puts you at the last phase, I beat the final tutorial mission first try no mulligan, don't see what the fuss is about. You get one premade deck and unlock more cards as you go, and if you want to view the different color combos the game starts you out with you can always reselect your colors after clearing the tutorial. Hope this is helpful. For all you previous MTGDOP 14 buyers, you get one of the premium boosters unlocked for free once you get to that point in the game, a 5 dollar value woohoo!"
,Recommended,255420,11276874,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,PinkiePie,"This game is a blast for all those TCG lovers. Although, it might be a little comlicated for newbees, it's still a great game.A nice story.Some badass music and visuals.Although, it does have a bit of glitches then and now. For example you can't change your resolution and a lot of text boxes are offset because of this. Changing to Widescreen somehow lowers the resolution to 640x320 (or something like that.)The biggest one I encountered is when beating Avacyn the new booster pack flew to the left and never came back. The game froze and I had to restart it.All in all 8/10"
,Recommended,255420,11277263,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ED{Kegoir},"I think the reviews for this game so far are unfair, because there are quite a lot more functions for preferense then the other reveiwers may or may not be finding. One thing: If you pick your deck, and you don't like it, you can still change it in the tutorial, but I agree. I beleive there should be a function to change the deck you start with, but at a price. Not money, but something like once you choose, and your happy with the new deck, all the cards in your pool either get deleted, or just stay with your old deck (I don't know if this already a feature, so if it is, then there you go.).Another thing: if you are a true MTG player, you shouldn't mind the AI cheating, or the difficulty being to hard. Its about fun, not winning. Winning is just a bonus. I do admit to occasionally rage quiting DOTP 2014, but most of those times, I just picked another deck, and tried again. If THAT didn't work, I would leave the computer alone for a while and let it think about what it's done, and then come back after a quick PBJ.That is a bit annoying, I do admit as well, that each deck comes with no rare cards. I thought that kinda sucked at first, but then I thought about the story of it. 'I started weak, but eventually became something stronger then you could imagine' kinda thing.Overall, I think it's still a game you should pay for. If your in it for immersion, this is a good game, but you have to think hard. If you just want to play MTG at a computer, play DOTP 2014 if you already have it, but if you don't, get this one. It's not perfect, but it has a lot of potential of becoming a great game. 8/10"
76561198071849201,Recommended,255420,11275652,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Milamber The Great One,Worth getting over the the first three games. It adds alot of different ways to build and craft decks is worth your money.
,Recommended,255420,11276150,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Djropbluecheese,Magic 2015 - Duels of the PlaneswalkersThe UI is pleasing to the eye. Being able to customize decks further then what you could in 2014 is great.
,Recommended,255420,11276750,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Smack,"Basically, this game is a huge imporvement on the previous DotP games, as it allows you to create custom decks and fully utilize cards from M15 and older sets, instead of having premade decks that allow barely any customisation and a stale meta, you can pretty much swap and switch on the go as you unlock new cards and get new deck ideas / find something new to netdeck.But all of this comes at the typical price of having to grind for booster packs ( unless you want to pay for a quick unlock ). It's impossible to tell how much of an impact the exclusive cards will have on competitive games at this point, as this game has been out for about 3 hours at the time of this review.The tutorial allows newer players to get into the game rather quick, by explaining most details and card effects that magic has. This tutorial won't cover everything though, so you will have to gather some experience in order to get good.Now, let us talk about the issues that other reviewers have with this game:1. You can't really see what starter deck you're picking.Well, that is true. But you have the option to change decks as you play against the Polis Crusher encounter and find a deck you like. You can't change the deck AFTER you have finished the tutorial, so try out some decks and pick your favourite deck.2. Clunky menus.I have to agree, the new menu is kind of clunky and you have barely any oversight on what the panels are. One can only hope that they can fix it in the future.3. The game is too hard.You can turn down the difficulty, I've had no problems beating Innistrad and a couple of explore missions on the highest difficulty. Maybe you should get good if the lowers difficulty gives you trouble.4. You have to grind to get cards.Yes, you STILL have to grind for cards and beat encounters a couple of times. If you don't like grinding or investing money, stay away from the game. I know a lot of people will say that they paid for the game and that they have the right to own all cards. Some people, like myself, enjoy playing more and unlocking cards to improve their decks bit by bit. If you don't like it, as I said, don't buy it.I would recommend this game, as it is basically just a sequel to DotP with a huge improvement in the deckbuilding ( which is a huge part of card games ) at the cost of some clunky menus.***TL;DR***Buy it if you like cardgames and can get around grinding for cards."
76561198036100668,Recommended,255420,11275853,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Roy,"Love the game so far, making your own deck and playing it through the campaign is a good change of pace. The campaign is pretty tough on some of the decks you play against. Overall a good buy.The only thing that may take awhile for me (or others) to get use to, is how slow the game goes, even with everything off i.e combat animations, spell animations, etc."
76561198073798165,Recommended,255420,11275295,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Riki Pachinko,"- A liitle too bright screen causes eye fatigue.- Card collections could be bigger and you need to pay for premium boosters to extend collections other than in-game unlockable cards, and it's random.- No more 2HG.- Sliding combat area gets annoying overtime, for me.- I haven't experience AI cheating (as some claimed), yet. Instead, AI got mana flood and few stupid attacks like empty handed swung 1/1 on my 2/2 or glitch like casting Cloudshift ""twice on a token"" expecting it would avoid combat damage and return to the battlefield.- Animated menu makes it hard to navigate.But overall, it's good. Some improvement from Magic 2014.For Single Play:I don't think you would find better single playing MTG elsewhere at the moment. AI is not too hard. I'm 90% losing at FNM but still manage to win 5 AI opponents without losing, yet. It is highly recommended for beginners. $9.99 is not too bad for this game.For Mulitplayer:Buying premium booster will gain you advantage, no different from the real paper MTG or any other games. You could learn to maximize your play and deck building against better opponents.I don't recommend buying booster in DOTP.For serious play:goMTGO.For collectible play:go to the store.UPDATE: Day 2 of playing."
76561198023539983,Recommended,255420,11277043,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,takkar,SO i staarted playing and after 30 ins noticed the starting deck i picked was crap and decided to buy the innstrad card collection to get a lil bit of a boost but guess what........ got no frickin cards!!! where the hell are they ? it says it adds all the cards to your collection but i ain t got a thing ! waste of bloody money !
,Recommended,255420,11275921,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ImSorryM8,"Good game, was a bit confusing on a lot of things, took me about 3 hours to see the DLC activate and after that, everything was clarified. Running a Demonic Havoc deck, it completely wrecked Avacyn on my first try in 5 turns."
,Recommended,255420,11276514,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Legobumb,Paid $34.99 to pre-purchase the complete bundle. The only thing I received was the game itself (somehow only gave me the $9.99 game). Now I have to contact Steam and whatnot.
,Recommended,255420,11277118,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Skeleton Jesus,complete utter garbage.
,Recommended,255420,11274610,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,widdiful,Like the last Magic but with more squares.Spoiler: you're one of them.
76561198040788845,Recommended,255420,11273988,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,HuNT - RIP,Game came out early.Was really excited.Game wouldn't open early.Was really sad.10/10 cant wait to play again!
76561198241141574,Recommended,255420,17236986,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,AxE_png,"Great game overall, I play in rl, and playing the singleplayer was amazing, very cool!"
76561198060830429,Not Recommended,255420,17513031,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Nialiss,Pretty bad overall. The AI has all the interesting and useful cards while you're stuck with mostly garbage. Multiplayer is abysmal since there's only a few viable deck setups to win so it becomes very monotonous to keep seeing the same two decks over and over - which the devs reinforced by adding better cards for the same setups over time while ignoring every other strategy.TL;DR: Just skip this one.
76561198066908549,Recommended,255420,16988480,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Aytakk,"The only Magic games I have played on PC in the past were Magic Online and the old Microprose game. I still dust off the Microprose game every now and then as it plays so well. The sealed tournaments vs AI are a lot of fun.I'm mentioning this as it establishes what I was looking for in the game when deciding on which version to get - a good single player experience, deck building options, a decent cardpool. I don't care about playing multiplayer online and I have only been playing the campaign so I can't talk about that yet.Magic 2015 ticked a major box for me compared to the others : deckbuilding. Picking up new cards and tweaking your deck I find very enjoyable. I bought the Special Edition which gave me some foil packs to start with. Some nice usable cards in there which can give you a leg up early on but many I'm replacing as I get better cards. I went with the red/black deck and its not bad as a starter anyway.The gameplay in duelling was a bit slow and awkward at first. I adjusted the graphics settings and it helped. Sometimes when you click on something it doesn't work first click. An annoyance but one I can live with. I still haven't worked out how to cvhange which lands you tap for casting stuff as its not very intuitive. Personally I liked the Microprose system of single click asnd tap lands manually or double click to tap lands automatically.I do like how the spacebar is wired so you can pause gameplay to get effects and instants in. Problem is it can feel a little dumbed down as once allies are in the red zone in combat it wouldn't let me do anything, only after intended moves are declared. Feels a little dumbed down and removes a lot of intricate play.I like the black and white aesthetic. Given a lot of the creatures and planeswalkers revolve around horror elements it suits well. The playfield in duelling feels a little futuristic however.I'm only 6 hours in but I am enjoying Magic 2015 immensely. So far it ticks all the boxes I was looking for when looking for a more modern single player Magic game. I would have liked something like Shandalar in the Microprose game but I can live without it."
,Not Recommended,255420,16991936,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,rizdizla,"Fun game.  I disagree with pretty much the entire community on the difficulty.  I found this a fairly straight forward game, but ive played cards for a while.I would recommend this apart from the amount of content you get for the price is not great.  I finished the main campaign in under 2 hours and now it feels like this game is a bit empty.  Also, the multiplayer experience could do with a lot of work, that was the part I got this for and it disappointed"
76561198070056292,Recommended,255420,17292288,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,standardtrickyness,"Tutorial does not cover technicalities enough nor does the information overlay.  Definitely need better user interface, tutorials and providing information.  Also deck editing mechanic is annoying have to  zoom on each individual card again."
76561198000279995,Not Recommended,255420,17312409,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,artofsin84,"As a fan of magic the gathering i bought this puke as soon it was released, after playing a couple of hours i felt like a♥♥♥♥♥♥victim that has been anally violated. I quitted the game went to my local nerd den to claim my free booster from buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥were during a conversation about this abomination with the nerd den overlord(store owner) a peanut butter jelly nerdlinger kiddo said that IT WASN'T THAT BAD!!! i fought the urge of shoving a goblin deck where the sun won't shine ignored him and felt good 'cause apparently only his type can like this game. Most definetally the biggest dissapointement in the pc version series. DO NOT BUY (Unless you 're a masochist)"
76561197992662182,Recommended,255420,17315952,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Civali333,Very high on my list for a lot of entertainment gained from the spending of very little money - a must have game!
76561198077656449,Recommended,255420,17316012,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DarthXena,"As a person who has played the physical card game for years, I really enjoy the electronic version. Just like chess (another of my favorite pastimes, it has become increasingly harder to find people who want to meet up and play without going to Brooklyn or paying tons of money to join Marshall's... but I digress), so it's really nice to be able to login any time of the day or night and find someone looking for a game.True, I was a TAD dismayed to discover that collecting all the cards did not mean that all the cards were available, still, $5.00 a month and I will have the full set by Xmas."
,Not Recommended,255420,17261541,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TR4N5C3ND3NT,"Magic: The Gathering is a habit-forming, easy to play, quick to learn trading card game that is essentially inexhaustible in its replayability. Many will find this edition of the franchise enjoyably entertaining. However, if you're more than just a casual player, AVOID this product. The bugginess will drive you mad; you've been warned.Pros:*Compete against MTGers from all over the world, anytime.Cons:*Suffers from the main identical flaw of the real world game - the more you spend, the more powerful your deck. There needs to be an implementation of parity.*VERY buggy (some cards are simply unplayable and cause the game to crash). Rather than fixing bugs, Wizards of the Coast/Hasbro simply applies corrections to the next years release (I have played DOTP 2012-2015). I have called them personally on numerous occasions to make them aware of issues, and they only apologize and offer to send me free swag, which I gladly accept (their ‘technical’ team is a joke). They either need to correct issues as they arise or implement more testing before release.Tl;Dr:Enjoyable, but you're better off playing MTG: DOTP 2013 or playing IRL and waiting for them to create a superior product."
76561198065007907,Not Recommended,255420,17337521,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Rhino_NMT,While the game is cute and can give somebody the enjoyment of playing MTG to an extent it needs more polish.  It is endlessly frustrating that the game skips steps and has little to allow players to interact with the turn structure as a table-top game would be handled.  Put on top of that the cryptic way the game runs mana and you should only get this game if you are bored and want to get frustrated.
76561198018190522,Recommended,255420,17260173,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,spacepeople,Great for playing when u dont want to spend money on lots of cards
,Recommended,255420,17281894,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Saiyan Prince,"Dont even read the negative reviews.  They are imbeciles.  This game is by far the best duels game yet.  My hours speak for themselves.  You can beat the AI on the hardest difficulty with any STARTER deck, you just have to play smart.  Multiplayer is amazing.  Lots of cards, total custom decks.  There is nothing wrong with this game."
76561198017851172,Recommended,255420,17284224,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Trac3,"This game seems to receive too much hate from some people (at least in my opinion).Cons: -no 2Headed giant-campaign is a bit short-if you have unlocked all cards, the game loses its appeal very fast-little cardpoolPros:  -for the while you are unlocking cards it's fun to test new deck ideas-campaign is not too easy (but managable without too much effort)-the DLC paywall for extra cards was removed, this game is totally not pay-2-win (well you have to buy it of course :D)For just 10€ (+5€ expansion) the game is pretty nice in my opinion."
,Recommended,255420,17367235,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SniperSlyh,"Fun to play if you are into MTG, highly limited cards makes building a consistant deck difficult."
76561198086464187,Recommended,255420,17367327,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Not a Pedophile,7
76561198014230071,Recommended,255420,17180640,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Liamzl,"Magic 2015 suffers to be a great game as it requires you to put in a large amount of time into it before it becomes possible to really enjoy and appreciate what the game has to offer. Once you do reach that point however the game really does become more enjoyable. I would recommend playing Magic Duels instead (Not out at the time of this review) as it offers something that this game clearly doesn't, longevity past the first year of the game being released."
,Recommended,255420,17185437,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Capricorn907,"Only criticisms are;1.) Needed more content, (story line, card collection etc.).2.) The A.I. had all the cool cards.Other than that, I had fun. I don't know what all these other jokers are talking about."
76561198137559211,Not Recommended,255420,17214989,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,5twedtemman,welp for the amount of bugs in this game i can't even edit a deck so this game is kinda pointless
,Recommended,255420,17434264,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,itsSNAFUagain,Good game for those looking to learn Magic but a very limited version of the game. Don't play this game looking for the depth and challenge of real Magic.
,Not Recommended,255420,17469681,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,sebba,"Really bad interface on PC, plus the game does not offer nearly as much fun and options as for example the MicroProse game from 1997....."
,Recommended,255420,16575669,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bluegoon,"Please understand, serious MTG players are some of the most cynical and critical nerds on the planet, you can't keep them happy, you just can't.Compared to Magic The Gathering: Online, this game does laps around it all day, erry day.If you're new to magic, and don't want to dump a load of money into cardboard, this is the game for you, visually polished, and fun to play.If you reach the point where customizing your deck becomes a big deal, stop immediately, then go get a magic online account and continue from there."
76561197963913990,Not Recommended,255420,11962849,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Kalos,clunky ui and turns make matches obnoxious to play through
76561198017238803,Not Recommended,255420,11951122,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Dinochomps,This game is pretty much garbage.   its as if WoTC wanted it to make people NOT want to play Magic.
,Not Recommended,255420,11923779,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,JustDeath,Feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port. The menus are annoying to navigate and does not play as well as the 2013 version did.
76561198181882967,Recommended,255420,17304530,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Madam.Deadpool,Love this game!
,Recommended,255420,17103204,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,"Sean ""Sweet"" Johnson","This game is great for players JUST getting into the game of MTG that need to know the absolute basics, BUT! go play some hand-to-hand Magic, meet new friends. Believe me, you're missing out."
76561198067655387,Not Recommended,255420,17110155,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,bruce.c.jenkins,"Althought there's some new features that are useful, Magic 2015 is a step backwards from Magic 2014. A clunky, ugly UI. Forced tutorials.  No option to play in Windowed mode. Yes, there are work-arounds...but that's no excuse for torturing your repeat customers."
,Recommended,255420,16583333,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jinxx,Not as fun as Magic 2014 but still a good game as long as you don't mind the difficulty.
,Recommended,255420,16945089,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,bonsai superstar,The worst entry in a great series.  Still worth playing if you don't want to get into Magic Online.
76561198011785279,Not Recommended,255420,18867380,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,mei-0h,Magic actually used to be good...
76561198083818927,Not Recommended,255420,18865777,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TimmyTonk,"Well I bought the game yesterday in the Steam sale and love the game, but I would't reccommend buying any expansion because the store is constantly offline and you cannot access any expansion you purchase for some reason. Still worth the money but not the extras."
76561198183701986,Recommended,255420,18587887,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Snarfblatt,"This game is good as a starter.  I found Magic the Gathering to be totally bewildering at first.  Playing the mobile version of this game on my phone did wonders for familiarizing myself with its ins and outs, and now I have bought the PC version to play with friends online.  There is no substitute however for playing with real people.  Think of it as a tutorial.  There are a number of campaigns you can work through, and as each part of each campaign is beaten, you will be rewarded with booster packs which you can use to augment and edit your deck to your liking.  Like I said, good starting point, but rather than sink money into this digital version beyond the initial purchase price, buy physical cards and play in the real world.  So much better!"
76561198073040963,Not Recommended,255420,18939731,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,frederick_savard,"I love Magic but I can't recomende it.The create your deck is very good, but this game is full of flaws and downgrade compare to the previous years.The creation of deck is limited to 36 cards plus lands and you really want to choose your lands or you could be loaded with the multicolored lands that comes tap, that really slow your game.very short campaign, the expansion is even shorter.only 2,3 or 4 players, no team and in single player A.I. s**k, 90 percent you are the only target.If you want the game don't pay more than 10$ all dlc include or you might feel get robbed"
76561198169899719,Recommended,255420,18949680,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,p.fennell,"Very good, but you need to know how to construct a deck or you will find it hard.   There are a couple of challenging decks to play against, but it isn't impossible, you do occasionally have to rebuild to counter a particular deck.  Great if you've played before."
,Not Recommended,255420,19040496,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kendog,"""Store currently unavailable.  Please try again later.""It has said this since I bought the game.  I can't even play the dlc because apparently it's connected to the store."
,Recommended,255420,19047959,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Jojomo,"Why do people hate this game so much?  I haven't played magic for years, and found this to be quite fun!  I actually did not like the design of the other games.  They looked too dark.  Well a nearly all white playing ground tends to fix that.  The cards are beautiful as always.  I have especially loved the art since maybe...2012/13.  Seemingly things got a lot fancier looking.  At least, as seen through looking at another friend's deck.  I had played this game perhaps when it first came out.  Or at least, around that time.  I think it had to be around 1994...or...96.  I was still a very young child, but I remember having a lot of fun.  I hadn't seem it in a long time.  Even looking at my cousin's cards in the early 00s everything looked so different.  So it's quite nice to play this once again."
76561198058809923,Not Recommended,255420,18885758,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,generaldurandal,"This game can be fun, when it's not making cheap/cheap moves.I bought the special addition of the game,which was supposed to come with most of the card collections unlocked already,but it DIDN'T!I had to buy all the DLC to unlock all the cards, it might have only cost me 7 extra dollers, (becouse it was on sale,)but theft is theft regardless of the amount.Also,there are TONS of unobtainable cards that the decks you fight against have.like in the tutorial,there is a point where you have a red deck, and have Prodical Pyromancers, (one of my fave cards)but I found that even though you got to use it in the tutorial you can't actually use the card in your own built decks.Sure, there is a card that's like the prodical pyromancer, but, not the same card.Also also,the AI cheats like you wouldn't believe.This one AI enemy had two monsters out,I cast a sorcery card on one of her creatures,then she casts an instant on her other creature that exiles it then returns it to the battlefield,which somehow cancled the sorcery I cast on the other creature.If I targeted the creature the she exiled, then that would make sence,but I DIDN'T target the same creature,meaning what she did wouldn't have effected what I did to her other creature.It is a giant BS move to have unobtainable stuff in a game.This is the fourth MagicTGTCG video game i've bought,and I won't be buying any more MagicTGTCG games and neither should anyone else.The best MagicTGTCG video game i've played is Mattle Mage on PS1.Why?Becous you could build your own deck, with most/if not all of the old alpha/beta era cards,there where no cards you couldn't get, and you had access to all of them right off the bat.You could also make decks up to 255 cards.And it was somewhat real-time, and it had animated sprites for every card.(which can lead to some BS moments,)(like Serra angle just spam hitting you faster then you can react in one certain level)Battlemage is still my fave MagicTGTCG video game."
76561198056701015,Not Recommended,255420,19005125,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,daisukeiga00,"Like other reviews have said, you get stuck with your first choice of magic style. For example, blue control or blue flying; red aggro or red flying or any of the other combinations of colors and styles that exist. Once you pick it, you're stuck--stuck battling the same, more synergentic, encounters or planeswalkers over and over until you beat them buy accident. Then and only then can you unlock enough booster packs; inching your way to making that initial deck more effective. Or use those ""inches"" towards building a different type of deck (white auras, cross-color elementals etc.). I'm so glad that I got it when it was on sale for $2.99. $20 is WAY too much for this game. Secret and eternal deck lock notwithstanding, one again there are no planechases to be had. Effective physical cards are too expensive. 7/10 players on MTGO are overpowered and force you to shell out $30+ for a good deck or two, IF someone is even trading/selling those cards. And these Magic videogames (save the music, animations and sound effects) have fallen off a cliff since Magic 2013. Whatever, WOTC. Just, Whatever."
76561198007745799,Not Recommended,255420,18993497,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Boogaking,"Bought special edition content which includes Garruks revenge expansion. Can't play expansion because ""store is not accesible"". Payed for something. Not able to access it."
76561198059444441,Not Recommended,255420,17245037,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jabbersac,Terrible goddamn interface ruins it. Do not recommend for any PC gamer.
76561198058338756,Recommended,255420,16787931,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,thorlauncher,"For some reason not all of the Theros pack is here on the game. I even bought the ful edition and was still missing Akroan Hoplite, Akroan Skyguard, as well as almost all of the heroic creatures from theros. not impressed"
76561198069763106,Recommended,255420,16744206,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Vari,"I like the game itself, although some aspects were annoying.It was interesting, to create a deck, that had no creatures in it. :)The expansion did not impress. It talks like Garruk is OP, but the first opponent kicked my♥♥♥♥♥I really don't know, how am I suppose to win with only lands, in Garruk's deck.Even with 3 ""Garruk's Packleader"" I had no answers to what my first opponent was doing.I will try again latter. As I understand, I have to have perfect draw."
,Recommended,255420,16683964,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,sintrinsic,"Awesome game. 105 hours played in just single player, and still having fun."
76561198006747341,Recommended,255420,16691623,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kel'Thuzad,"To make a long story short, they finally added the feature of making a fully customizable deck out of any cards in the 'pool'. YAAAAY!. The downside is that the 'pool' is very limited, even with all the premium dlc cards.The game has its flaws.. A clunky UI which lacks any polish, short campaign and general lack of content, money grubbing micro transactions to make you pay for cards & a 'campaign' that should've just been part of the game.(Note: The 'expansion' campaign is ridiculously short. For $5 you literally just unlock one extra 'plane', Alara. So the expansion campaign is a total of 5 duels, that's it. The only reason to buy it is to get the Alara cards).But overall if you're a new or casual Magic fan/player who can't play the paper TCG game for whatever reason, DotPW 2015 is good enough to ""scratch your Magic itch"", which is exactly what I needed. And hey for $10 it's a decent pick up."
,Not Recommended,255420,16445489,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lottabullets,"When looking at games that release a new iteration each year ala NBA 2k, Madden etc. One can see that there is improvements between each year, and while this has been true for DOTP since the very first one, 2015 is oddly the opposite. It simply falls flat on its face compared to the previous iteration on so many levels.I used to be an avid paper MTG player, and now only dabble in it occasionally for some fun, and I have played every single version of DOTP. This is by and far the worst one.Duels 2014 had a lot of cool features and things that we have come to expect from a DoTP game, 2-headed giant, co-op modes, challenge modes, and sealed mode. All of those features that I just listed are nowhere to be found in this game, and I cannot find a good reason why.The freedom to construct a deck from some of the worst cards imaginable in MTG history is available to you though!The card pool feels like a much worse version of sealed from last year while simultaneously feeling less rewarding. One of the major issues I have is that, once again, on any difficulty other than mage your draws are absolutely god-awful and your deck that is constructed to a mildly consistent degree (did I mention how difficult it is to get multiples of a card without being nickel and dime'd to death?) feels like you're drawing out of your box of unplayables. While the game has a history of unfair and artifically difficult AI, this game is blatantly over-the-top and simply unfair on Planeswalker difficulty.Stay away from this game, and purchase Duels 2014, it is simply a much more complete and better game by a mile. Plus the modding support for 2014 is actually existent while no one has cared to even crack the files for 2015 because it is such a terrible game.3/10"
,Not Recommended,255420,16648104,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,O Bruno,"The deck creation system is a joke, it feels more like they are trying to take money from us than really offering a quality game. The first games were way more entertaining. Do not recommend."
76561198054541890,Not Recommended,255420,16653557,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,oneeyedguy99,game sucks and doesnt work
,Recommended,255420,13712266,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tripl3M,"I am going to be the one rare positiv review of this game.Not because I want to be special, but because most people, that gave it a bad review, are looking at it from a actual MtG player perspectiv.I for one would never suggest Magic 2015 or any of the PC/Console/Tablet games to experienced players, because they suck for us. We don't have all our decks, we're extermly limited in what we can do in a turn, there's no stack.But for a returning player or someone who wants to learn the arts of Magic, how to play, how to deckbuild(-ish), how to think like a MtG player, then this is the best so far.Most reviews complain about the lack of Planechase or Two Headed Giant modes and I don't see those being of any use to a new player. Actually I believe they would hinder them to understand how to play properly, as these fun games in Magic change the rules quite a lot (for example Planechase, Archenemy (Love that version)).So with the lack of those and finally a completely free deck building option with 600-700 cards (from a main block (ca 400 cards) and 6 theme blocks (ca 400 cards)) there are just enough options for people to build various interesting decks.Sadly this is where the good stuff ends. I've put the amount of cards of a set in here for the reason to show, how many cards a set usually has and this is where the line between the game and actual MtG(O) is. This small amount of cards allow for some interesting decks, but those are nowhere as good as they seem in here. I have several decks in this game with which I have won several times in these short 3 hours, but if someone would sit down opposite of me with such a deck, I would tell him to please play another person.The cards were picked so the meta clock is as small as possible, making for a easy game for starters, but for someone, who constructed his deck for a Turn 2 Voice of Resurgence and then Turn 3 Tokenspam, Meta Game is important.So my final word:If you're a new player and want to learn Magic: the Gathering, buy the normal version of this game. Play through it, unlock all the cards, build some decks and if then still want to play Magic, then go out and look for a store to play.If you're a experiecend player: Just don't... Seriously, this game is crap for our standards."
76561198079788757,Not Recommended,255420,13717016,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Blackfrost,Bad the other was much better. Why would I pay for cars only in m 15 for no payoff when I could just play MTGO?
,Not Recommended,255420,13717622,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Teddy Bear,Complete trash. Like everything Magic in the last 8 years or so its a cash in. Magic 2014 was better than this in every way. Don't buy this travesty unless you have a fetish for being duped. Feels like betrayal after all the years of fun Magic gave me.
76561198048739177,Recommended,255420,14080410,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,diebillgates,best custom decks so far horible interface right untill the match starts.
76561198055738990,Not Recommended,255420,14084871,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Reaver,"This game has all the potential for being the best game in the Magic: The Gathering video game series, but Wizards clearly wants to avoid any competetive or even strong decks, as thy have left out just about all of the Standard staples, in fact the vast maority of good cards that are playable in Standard are nowhere to be seen. Not to mention they limit the number of good cards you can get to 1 or 2 of a kind, 3 if you're lucky.Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: RealVariety of Cards: PitifulTotal: Crap"
,Not Recommended,255420,14071543,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dorkus,Not much to the game and not really worth the price. I suppose if you just want to have something you can play through it would be okay but don't expect a lot of value out of it.
,Recommended,255420,14074876,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,jayrock20012002,"I was extremely happy with being able to build my own deck, however I wish there was more of a selection when it came to the card list.  I would really like to make the deck I use myself but there are not any of the Eldrazi cards in here.  At the very least i would like to see these in here.  I still recommend this game to Magic lovers for the simple reason of building your own deck.  If there were more cards adding I would give this game 5 stars but for now 3."
76561198037832832,Recommended,255420,14078073,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Danger,PUT IN TWO HEADED GIANT FOR THE LURV OF ALL THAT IS CHOCHLATY!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,255420,14128310,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Putziotic,Pay to play... F^^k that.
76561198116706574,Not Recommended,255420,13595606,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,xlr8me,"I wish i could say best DOTP ever,but it just isnt possible,it made a step forward, but it seems it also took 2 steps back,skip this 1 4 now,and hope the next one will be a lot better."
76561198003121959,Recommended,255420,13578995,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Goadfang,"Better than 2014, still the best card game."
76561198022362359,Recommended,255420,16855320,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,-=HRZ=-Dead Salesman,If you like Magic the Gathering I'd get it. It doesn't got the best selection of cards but it's still fun to make a deck and then see the ai play it
76561198045401832,Recommended,255420,14595701,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SoloPlayah,"I finally got a high end PC and the game runs much faster on it.I am not a hardcore Magic fan, so I have no idea what many fans are complaining about (something about a two-headed giant oe specific deck balancing). I play lots of solo trading card games on my PC like Yu-Gi-Oh, Pokemon, Spectromancer, and also Marvel Legendary and Pathfinder, so have no bitterness towards Wizards of the Coast. I treat it like any other TCG.I believe the programmers should be commended for coding such a difficult game and were still hard at work with expansions and DLC. The graphics are great- I could read all the cards. The solo mode is cool, and the slow deckbuilding makes each card more intimate for me. I spend time buildind decks to beat hard AI opponents. I don't do multiplayer.If you are like me, you will enjoy it."
76561198166728936,Recommended,255420,16225527,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ErenBlakHart,"Big fan of Magic, been playing for almost my whole life. This game was... enjoyable. More cards would have been a nice add as the main problem I had in campaign while ecploring the planes was that the AI had decks you simply could NOT get in the game whatsoever. When dueling the Planeswalkers whilst exploring the planes the challenge was so much that it was difficult to enjoy enough to continue playing.Next, the broken decks that could be made by the player.There are MANY broken decks to make in this game (I have personally found that Selesnya (White/Green) and Orzhov (White/Black) are the most broken color combinations in this game. Izzet (Red/Blue) would come in right after them.) and if you build any of these decks well enough, you won't lose in the campaign. Or it would take a LOT of bad draws to lose at least.The AI will always be given a good hand, and if they need a card, 8/10 times they will draw it and proceed to win the game."
76561198205193044,Not Recommended,255420,16269490,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,RectalLeadPoisoning,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.I wanted to recommend this game I really did. It is SO close to being a game worth buying and playing, but here is the fairly pathetic reason why it is not:Multiplayer connection is all kinds of effed up. Not just on Ipads... not just on PCs... but apparently on any platform folks are having issues and for me in particular I cannot join a game without it telling me that the connection failed, would I like to try again and eventually ""There are no games"" (which is a bunch of be-ess). I've been able to play only 2 games online and that was with a lot of effort and game restarts behind it. Not worth it. I've researched online, it appears many people are having this issue with no solution provided other than ""keep restarting til it works"".Also of note and something I would have pardoned but The UI is designed to be cross platform and it is god awful and annoying as all heck.Seriously, I had less network issues trying to get Bungie's game 'Marathon' working back in 1990 than this crap."
,Recommended,255420,16815974,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,jacklarkin,Big MTG IRL card player so in turn this is a fun way to play the card game i love.
76561198018860086,Recommended,255420,16530500,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jack Burton,Best UI/Menu System in a video game.It's so good I never left the main menu!10/10 would wear out mouse wheel again.
,Recommended,255420,16541638,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MindereakITA,"Got it on sale, it was a must buy at that price! The game is pretty good imho, just choose your first deck carefully because I heard some of them are really bad and they would make it very hard to progress and unlock new cards, I went with Red and White and it's pretty good. There are a lot of cards to unlock and a lot of different decks to build, multiplayer is populated for now so if you like Magic this is a good game for you, if you want to try Magic for the first time this is one of the best ways you can do it!"
,Not Recommended,255420,16542749,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tavnazian,Sigh. Bought 2 copies for my brother and I to play together. Too bad the only multiplayer is ffa or dual.Interface is terrible. Visuals are boring gray/white/black. Seriously Wizards?
76561197980788384,Recommended,255420,16451543,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lovicten,Another solid addition to a pretty decent franchise. I would recommend this game to any magic fan.
76561198019667386,Not Recommended,255420,15791481,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,bradmpearce,"Magic is the best card game ever, this game is very cumbersome; it is very difficult to navigate the menus and the in-game play is awkward, I would not recommend it for new or old players.  Last years version was much better."
76561198081028186,Not Recommended,255420,16407171,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cinder,"This game is missing some key elements that really bring the game down. A much better choice is the 2014 edition or even the 2013 edition. The 2015 edition does not include the crucial game mode two-headed giant which is one of the biggest reasons that I buy these games, so that when friends can’t get together they can still play as a team.One of the good things about this game is the new deck creation system. This option is also lacking in the fact that the cards that you can win are limited."
,Recommended,255420,16328387,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Skybird Trill,"DOTP 2014 was better , but I like 2015 cards"
76561198046063763,Not Recommended,255420,16328617,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Pope 86,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.... ASPECT RATIOS, AND THE TUTORIAL WILL DRIVE YOU FLIPPING INSANE....SERIOUSLY... DO NOT BUY. DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT. I WANT A REFUND....."
76561198074568649,Not Recommended,255420,16510926,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,an incantation of retardation,"this game is complete crap! the 4th enemy in innistrad is avacyn adn she is ridiclously hard to beat for the 4th enemy in a game. that said you have to struggle to ge to her with the trash cards you got from m15 adn to beat avacyn and other enemys past her they expect you to pay for packs. now some of you might think well he probably only suck but no i don not suck ive been play mtg in real life for 6 years now adn i have spent over 700$ on it and im not planning on sppending anymore,especially on a virtual game where i cant sell or trade my cards for anything.my advice: dont waste your money unless its for .50 cents on the steam sale because this game was the worth 4 dollars on a summer sale ive ever spent!"
,Not Recommended,255420,16497068,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Turiko,"I purchased this game during the steam summer sale, since i wanted to get a taste of magic again. Unfortunately, this game is not any use for that.While it allows playing limited parts of magic, the game is full of cheating / unfair advantage. The second match in the singleplayer campaign (the one you need to do if you want to unlock any cards at all) had you begin a match VS an AI that started off with a 3 cost card already on the field - before drawing hand.In the second game, i found out that the AI also cheats even with rules. Normally in magic, an attacker chooses which creature to attack, blocker chooses which creature to defend. Then if multiple creature defend, the attacker chooses to disperse his damage according to his own priorities. Not in this game though; i had a 6/6 die because the AI decided it should blow as much of its damage as possible on one big blocker rather than the few 2/1's - because of that action i lost my creature that should have survived and lost the game.In the third one, i had to restart multiple times due to the AI using cards far above my level of play. As i'm limited to few cards, my only choice is to either create a deck that tries to specifically counter this one enemy, or play VS a superior deck and hope RNG will give me an advantage. This became far worse in the fourth and after 3 times of losing to very powerful cards i'm not allowed access to, i've decided to quit.This game is not fair by any means. Microtransactions (as far as they're micro) are in the game and it seems they designed the game with that in mind - just pay up to be able to play the campaign properly. Along with that, it's a pretty clear/poor port: the meny is a long list of icons where you scroll through, with only one on the screen at any time. If you hit escape to leave the deck builder (rather than use the button) the game freezes and forces a restart.I regret buying this game. It is an unfair mess. Sadly, due to the length of the tutorial and the fact that it doen't cheat until you're in the campaign, i can not even refund it."
76561198060679210,Not Recommended,255420,16497812,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,darklinkrath,"Those of you without an Xbox 360 controller stay away from this game. There is a game breaking bug where the game constantly thinks an Xbox controller is plugged in and it rapidly switches the controls from the Mouse to the Xbox 360 controller. I bought this BECAUSE I don't have an Xbox 360 and without an Xbox 360 controller there is no known way [Or at least none that I've found] to fix this issue. This bug makes everything from playing cards, to even looking at your hand impossible. The only way I've seen to get this bug to cease is to connect an Xbox 360 controller and turn it on. This for some reason stops the issue but you'll have to turn it back on Every Five Minutes. Untill Wizards of the Coast or Steam decide to do something to fix this [Or an amazing user creates a mod*coughpleasecough*] do not buy this game."
76561198076395780,Not Recommended,255420,16466716,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Meroving,The most stupid mtg game ever
76561197971129392,Not Recommended,255420,16451939,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MeatTheGamer,"Only has multiplayer options on 1v1, 1v1v1 and 1v1v1v1. So if you are hopeing to play with friends (like two headed giant from 2014) Dont buy.Other than that. Another nice solo card game."
,Recommended,255420,16452601,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rango,More fun than the others. The deck construction is better. !!!
,Recommended,255420,16460732,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dogrules23,I haven't played this for very long yet but there is one thing I noticed that is very annoying to me. I've noticed that the backgrounds for the cards stop halfway across the card and the other part matches the color of the card. (Ex. I played a black deck in the tutorial and the background cut off so the image was essentially in two parts and the description was cut off. The part of the card without the background was just grey. Is there a way to fix this?
,Not Recommended,255420,13472280,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,inxpitter,"From a great game design to a Freemium moneygrabThey changed a winning formula.  Instead of having good decks that let you experiment with different playstyles, they give you a choice of dual color decks, and acccess to hundreds of potential boosters.  Not smart.  Each deck isn't that powerful as you have to unlock cards from boosters to make it better, and it isn't a guarentee you'll get something your initial deck can use.  Its much easier to unlock to the collection and make a deck rather than grind away to make something passable which is, of course, the aim of this game.  Its a money grab.  They want you to pay to make yourself feel powerful with powerful cards.  Thanks, but that why i got away from the physical game series.  If I want to pay for cards, I'll do it in a form I can possibly sell later."
76561198029348590,Recommended,255420,13729339,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Irishspud,Great way for new and old players of Magic to keep their skills sharp. Makes rules much clearer for all players digital and physical. Multiplayer option is a great way to play with friends with cards you may not want to purchase physically.
76561198046345176,Not Recommended,255420,16107472,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Scheuchevogel,"After the March 2015 update, all my progress with all decks, all unlocked cards and everything was gone.Wizards blamed Steam, Steam blamed Wizards, and nobody did anything. Still everything gone what I gathered in hundreds of hours. Don't spent any money on this, because everybody will take the money and nobody will feel responsible if things don't work."
,Not Recommended,255420,16299108,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,syiofkargath666,they cut all the good bits out of MTGO and crammed in a much worse IAP than scalping PTQ tickets
,Recommended,255420,17460626,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,CraicMissile,Positive: Helps people to get into magic the gathering with minimal investment.Negative: Online matches are often laggy and unresponsive.For single player its a great way to learn MTG.Would recommend to those interested in MTG.
76561198044469940,Recommended,255420,14113058,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,adi b,for a first time magic player i found the learning curve perfect.
,Recommended,255420,13622340,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AOD_Red7777,"They finally made the game based off a deck building formula.  The best feature of this version is the ""auto complete"" deck button fo lazy jerks like me.  It takes a while to get enough wins to start doing well in multiplayer so it's not for people who lack grace over the beginning losing curve.You can unlock all the cards through grinding wins or buying expansion packs.Don't get the Garruk's expansion though.  You're pitted against AI with good decks and you're forced to use a crappy premade until you beat everyone.  You don't even get to use Garruck's cards in multiplayer either..."
76561198076538715,Recommended,255420,13616678,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Knightman422,"Really fun, but kind of hard starting out."
76561198065536187,Recommended,255420,13618315,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,cwkyler,Overall a good game. Particurally with the ability to create your own deck. The interface is subpar however. I approve of the changes to make all the cards unlockably via gameplay.
,Not Recommended,255420,13874929,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Demo,They need to fire the alchoholic that created this game
76561198081488869,Recommended,255420,14387902,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,EnIgMaTiC,"Fun game, full deck customs. great to play with friends."
76561198009580546,Not Recommended,255420,14396049,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Titan,"Honestly, I'd recomend buying the 2012 or 2013 games oer this one.Better deck customization at the price of few cards, no two headed or special game mode(such as ach enemy and planechase)getting the expansion for ""free"" as an apology for a lacking game helped a bit, hopefully next game will be more interesting.They should focus on balance imo for ""dotp"" imo and try missing out power cards"
,Recommended,255420,14398046,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,"RebelD, Empress of Death","This game is good overall just like the actual card game. Their are a few things that are a bit of an annoyance. The first is the timers. I can see where they come in but if someone is lagging or if you have a big assault your about to do with a ton of token creature cards, your timer will go out before you've completely finished your turn and end up dying where as you could have acutally won the game. Also, the stop timer button so you can cast an instant card (to cancel, destroy, etc) can sometimes not actually stop and then the person gets to play their card of attack even though you clearly had the advantage. Overall its a good game, but they really need to fix the timers or just get rid of them.Pros:-Completely customizable deck-Lots of card variations-Different achievements that make you play a variety of decks-Good single player campaign-3 or 4 way battlesCons:-Timers go to fast-Land tends to clump together in your deck (usually somewhere in the middle which can short change you on land in the beginning and overwhelm you in the more intense parts of the fights where you actually need playable cards)-60 card limit doesnt apply-No option for team battles (if you do team up, you'll have to kill your partner in the end)-Needs more expansions/expansion cards (there's usually 3 for the original card game per year and this only has 1)"
76561198039024880,Recommended,255420,14399897,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,justin,"fun game but there is a bug: i bought the dlc after beating the game and unlocking everything through explores/battles and i didn't get any new cards. so, a waste of money for the dlc because it doesn't give anything to the player who has already beaten the game. the dlc also bugs some achievements like exploration. you'll never get them if you download the dlc (as of this writing feb 9th 2015. Sadly I do not know where to file a bug report and the in game help is lacking in that aspect.I would recommend the game though. It's really fun."
76561198035298529,Recommended,255420,11398651,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,b_dog52,"the game would be a decent game if the UI was remotely usable. there are times when even the confirm buttons lag out to the point of unuasable.then there are the stretches where nothing is happening and you press the confirm button to move on, but it literally sits there and does nothing for the better part of thirty seconds so you push the confirm button again and it skips ahead whole phases. and then there are the times where you hit the ""stop time button"" and play a card, but before you can choose targets for that card, time has unfroze and moved past the point you could play the spell, so it gets ""countered"" because the game did not feel like waiting for targets to be chose.The deck building design would be great with a few tweeks - like being able to sort your own deck. sure you can sort the cards NOT in the deck, but that only makes things more complicated when there are no controls for the deck.The pack design is decent, but I admit to not being a fan of having to pay real money for access to certain cards and then having no garuntee I will get even a single card I actually have a use for. This would not bother me so much, except that the UI makes figuring out whether the bought cards are all that useful a right pain.The user Interface is by far the worst feature of this game, and quite franky one of the worst this series has ever used. There is no reason for lag in single player, and even then it feels almost like the controls just are not responding rather than lag in the normal sense because it does appear to affect the computer just when the user tries to operate parts of the game.I backed many of the choices they made and I defended the direction this game took, so this is not yet another ""its not the same as before! booohoo!"" review. This is someone who honestly was disapointed that this was not better tested before putting it in the hands of people. the issues I have with the game should have been cleared up long before it came to release or they should have delayed release. I would have much rather had a playable game later than an unplayable game now.This was rushed and it shows.UPDATE:many of the issues have been fixed. still a little sluggish on the controls but overall not a bad game, just not a GREAT game. pick it up on sale and its good for a few hours of killing time. Too bad it took till near Origions release time to get it up and running alright"
76561198103658101,Not Recommended,255420,16967599,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sloth God,"Meh, iv played for awhile and still havent been able to get the last piece of exodia. Its impossible to become the king of games without the heart of the cards and i cant get that since they took out two headed giant, 2v2 mode. They gave most of the dlc for free but still waiting on that blue eyes white dragon expansion, dang you kaiba. Overall the other Uno games were better so i highly reccomend everyone tries out the other hearthstones to get a good expericence/opinion of this games series."
76561198045426095,Not Recommended,255420,16868122,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,allsweptaway,This game is a pos
76561197973751463,Not Recommended,255420,16870639,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,shiner421,"Whoever put these starter decks together, not to mention the deck you start with in the expansion doesnt know what they are doing at all. Or, they know all too well and made horribly designed decks that have no synergy and no power which ends up with the player having to struggle repeatedly just to score one small victory, only to get another crappy card that doesnt help your deck in any way. In the expansion you are forced into a predesigned deck that has nearly zero chance to win against the incredibly fast and powerful deck your put up against. Compared to the enjoyment I had with Magic 2014, this game is absolutely terrible and a must not buy. Dont waste your cash."
76561198093917755,Not Recommended,255420,16871686,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,IRROH,just bad.
,Not Recommended,255420,13884041,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Matt,Holy ♥♥♥♥ what a broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004784116,Recommended,255420,13934366,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Vader,Great game. Lots of cards to get and the interaction is exciting and fast. Plenty to explore as well.
76561198007576032,Not Recommended,255420,13941309,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,scruzz,"Bizarrely enough, this version is few steps backwards for the video game franchise (admittedly, my experience with Magic: The Gathering is limited to the video game versions...). Sure, it has deck building where the previous iterations don't, but this overall experience is... lacking. As silly as it sounds, I miss the focus on great music, atmospheric graphics, and even the detail given to the arena. I felt the previous versions of the game (2013,2014, etc) had enough other atmospheric features that elevated the experience beyond a simple ""trading card game"".On top of all that, the constant pushing for ""freemium"" features (""Click here to buy a booster pack!!!!1111) made the game feel more like an expensive iphone app than an actual fully realized game.Is it awful? No! It's still relatively fun. Is it worth $9.99 or more? Debatable. I can think of more than a few indie games at the same price that are MUCH more fulfilling.I'd strongly recommend against this particular game unless discounted heavily."
,Not Recommended,255420,13919210,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Valadar,Let me tell you the sequence of events. 2014 came out and it was great! Then 2015 came out and it sucked. It was a good idea but it just did not pan out. Creating a custom deck sounded better in the design room then it does in real life. Once 2015 came out and sucked most people stopped playing 2014 which is a bummer. I would skip this and get 2014!
76561198059274927,Not Recommended,255420,13921786,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Unit1,"I love Magic, I played since I was 12 and now I am 30. But this game is a TRUE rip off. If u like magic big change you have a bunch of cards laying ad home right? Wana pay again for your cards? NO? Well this game will let you: You can unlock cards HOW EVER The game will let you pay for the best cards.... DA FUQ WOFTC Ofc I do understand that they will let you pay for sectain decks BUT in 4 or 5 months Magic 2016 will come out and u can do it all over and over again. So if you like magic and dont want to get♥♥♥♥♥beaten over and over again by players that pay xtra money over and over again every year DONT PLAY THIS GAME. They made it an pay to win."
,Not Recommended,255420,13927740,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nobunaga,Give me back 2hg and get going on adding more cards and this could actually make a decent game. As it stands now i have 153 hours in magic 2014 and only 13 in this. Doing the math.....uhhhh....Turns out 2014 kicked 2015's butt. Dissapointment is the perfect name for this game so far. Hopefully The game adds more content down the road and i can go back to enjoying quick games of magic.
,Not Recommended,255420,12975794,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Disconnected,Just no.
76561197995653890,Not Recommended,255420,12991462,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,nothingtaken,"If you have liked any of the old games you will find this version lacking and with a lot of in app purchases, I wish you could ask for refunds. That being said it still covers the basic game with new cards so yee haw?"
,Not Recommended,255420,11964287,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Red Rocket,It is a good game if you don't compare it to the other DotP games. I cannot believe that they charge you real money for booster packs. The game is super limited on format to 1v1 play and limited cards. There is no 2HG. Stainless Steel Games seems to be in more for your money than to provide a game without bugs and headaches.I hope they do not make another one.
76561198026509022,Not Recommended,255420,13100889,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,"""Crazy"" Jim Bagleaducia","An exploitable bug makes the game unplayable in multiplayer. You can simply ignore the time limits and suspend the game indefinitely. Your opponent is going to give up eventually and you will win the match.  If you don't have this game, definitely don't buy it. If you do, please start exploiting this bug so that enough players would report it in order to get it fixed."
,Not Recommended,255420,13101919,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lil' Smokie,"Yeah this game... the worst. if you like to lose every SINGLE TIME, then buy it, other than that... I hate it, you hate it, we all hate it. I can't win a single match because what ever deck i use/make, they know how to counter it, EVEN ON MULTIPLAYER NOBODY PLAYS.. Just dont, dont even think about buying this stupid game"
76561198061818470,Recommended,255420,12932059,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ImJustTooGood (Mj/Darkness),Only problem is no 2HG.
,Not Recommended,255420,13141862,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Puglas,"I think I've played and enjoyed all the previous version of this game, but this one really struck me as a cash grab that just was not fun.Start with a TERRIBLE deck of cards and face challenges that could very difficult depending on the color combination chosen at the beginning.  And if you get stuck or can't continue? Just buy a new deck for only $X.XX dollars!No thanks"
,Not Recommended,255420,13063986,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FairKing,"This is not playable on computers without a good graphics card (e.g. Laptops).Menu of the game is awful.On my computer (Dell Latitude E6410ATG), the text on the cards is very blurry and hard to read it (with zoom).Not visible are the points of attack and defense without zoom.I don't recommend users with laptops."
,Recommended,255420,13050954,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Skithiryx,"I had a blast with Magic 2014 and although this game doesn't have 2HG, It is still a fun game to play. The ability to build your own deck is pretty sweet :) Even though my♥♥♥♥♥gets kicked 90% of the time, it was the worth the money. They could've explained the DLC bundles a little better but other than that, I am pretty satisified with this game :D"
76561198103544464,Recommended,255420,14786299,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,black.jack.139ish,good game play love the challenge but you should be able to put your real cards into the game
,Not Recommended,255420,14789408,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Dude,"A lack 2 Headed Giant, awful UI, Bugs, and a boring cardpool to choose from make this the worst entry in the DOTP series"
,Recommended,255420,11576906,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Axx,"After the expansion and a few updates, I did a complete 180 on my recommendation for this game. First unlocking the pay wall that the previous iteration had. Now for the full card collection you only need access to the expansion. The old pay wall packs now unlock from online multiplayer games instead, great idea imo. Rest of the dlc's are unnecessary as you can unlock everything else in game with a small amount of time (approx. 5 to 10 hours of gameplay).However, the thing that sold me was the generosity upon refunding dlc. With an update all previous purchases got the expansion free among other benefits. So you can be assured that investing into this game the developers will treat you fair. I am a bit biased as I got the expansion free, but I felt the need to change my negative review as the game now fixed and improved.If you like tcgs but don't have much money to invest in paper magic this is a great version of game to start with.If you you are still on the fence or can only do free to play, but still want to try out mtg. Wait a bit and Magic Duels: Origins will release free to play on steam in July 2015.Info:http://www.gatheringmagic.com/news-03032015-magic-duels-origins-is-coming/"
76561198019639208,Not Recommended,255420,16206650,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Skywalker,"Magic player and collector, a huge fan of the card game but was really dissapointed with the content that the game has to offer... The menu and overall UI feels clunky ( who's great idea is it to make an in-game menu like that.. sigh )bought the special edition for a $10 extra, not worth every penny.. what I got was a bunch of dissapointment. Was also misinformed on the description.SPECIAL EDITION, DOES NOT CONSIST OF ALL THE CARD BUNDLE. I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY THEY PUT IT ON THE SAME ARTICLE. IT WAS REALLY SUCH MISINFORMING.any ways, most of the time was feeling really cheated by the computer algorithm ( ON CAMPAIGN). which makes the game really hard for new player who didnt want to spend money buying all the booster and card bundle seperately( yea, I said it.. I prerfer spending that money on actual Magic the Gathering cards )now without a good card to build even a decent deck, pretty much stuck on single player campaign sucks hardthis is my honest opinion to you people out there who are reading this and planning to buy it someday( you can always download the demo, but once you bought the full game. It gets a lot of different)Thanks yall"
,Recommended,255420,16148714,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,battlesamurai,its ok game
76561197994004362,Not Recommended,255420,16218537,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Chulip,"I really enjoyed all the previous Magic the Gathering games because I loved unlocking the side boards for decks. I was always excited for the different expansions because they would offer new decks. My favorite game mode was often the special one. For example, I loved Archenemy and Two Headed Giant. All the things that I enjoyed are missing from 2015's version of the game. While I did enjoy creating my own decks, I prefer the premade decks with side boards and the special game modes.In this game, I felt like I needed to purchase many booster packs in order to be able to create a decent deck. I'm sure I had bad luck when opening the booster packs. I often did not get the cards I was hoping to. Overall, I felt angry about the amount of money I spent and I was still unsatisfied with the decks I could create.I understand that there is now a way to earn more booster packs without having to purchase them. For me, it was too little, and much too late.I do not recommend this game if you are a fan of all the previous ones."
76561198047282683,Recommended,255420,16419071,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Scarcus,Great game play it all the time!!
76561198168447825,Recommended,255420,16320156,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,tamarlence,"A great card game. Rather short but i really enjoyed the different challenges for the achievments and collecting the cards for all the sets. Unfortunatly after you get the achievments you can and all the cards, there really isnt much to do other than play online matches. I was also kind of disappointed the lack of cards that were in the game. Also just because your opponent npc has a card doesn't mean you can get them for yourself."
76561198023592625,Recommended,255420,16127258,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BeastMan,"The game is a great way to get started with MTG. This one focuses on deck building. I purchased the special addition. I have 2013 and 2014 as well and I like them but this is a nice update. It is worth at least the 9 dollars to start. Which is the price of three booster packs from a game store. It is nice that they allow you to earn most of the cards for such a low price then having to fork out the full 50 dollars. What would be cool is they add on more updates or expansion cards like the Fate Reforged, Khans OF Tarkir, and Dragons Of Tarkir. The Dragons Of Tarkir give you an additional 264 cards to play with and build an even stronger deck."
76561198067048706,Recommended,255420,16243359,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Blackjack,"good game overal but a few downsides:the game sometimes gives nothing but land/mana cards or vice versa with creature/spell cardsthey removed the two headed giant mode for (as far as i can tell) *reasons* or to stop experienced players helping newbies free cards.apart from that, it's fine."
76561198178919274,Recommended,255420,16258786,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,NIghtshaddow,"Its a decent game, still has losts of bugs though i dont think they will be fixed being origins comes out soon but still worth playing."
,Not Recommended,255420,14905003,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Commander Lakin,Even with all they did in order to calm down the hate. i still must say get 2014 or w8 for how 16 will turn out.
76561198149894096,Recommended,255420,14932653,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,cpcsemail,gg
76561198085277779,Recommended,255420,14828401,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,daniellong94,It's a fun game!
,Recommended,255420,14799523,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Good Twin,"Great Game. It to me is better than the older magic games becuase you get over 1000 cards to choose from to make your packs. You only need to purchase the game and the expansion, and complete them both to get most of the content.  The rest you get from winnin online matches."
,Not Recommended,255420,14510038,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nex,"Magic the Gathering digital games are something I would like to use to hone my skills for the game in real life. I want to build a deck, become familiar with it and then recreate it in real life. But the problem is. The card selection in this game is extremely limited and I feel as though with every new game we get from Wizards of the coast we get good advancements but shafted somehow.The past games had good card selection and the ability to unlock most if not all cards ingame. But we have no deck creator or editor. Then we eventually got some kind of deck modification but it was ""unfinished"" .This game has the potential to be really good and all I really want out of a magic the gathering game is to have a large selection of cards. A storyline with AI that make sense, and a good deck editor.The last couple of games have had limited cards. AI that could use the same card over and over which could never happen in real life, and a deck editor that is more of a pain to operate than anything. Stop trying to over complicate things. Hell, Yugioh has made decent card games for years without an issue yet magic the gathering can seem to♥♥♥♥♥♥in a straight line to save its life.MY overall opinion? if you really need a MTG fix, play this for the 2-3 hours it will amuse you. Then spend the 5 hours after that wondering when they might make a good game."
76561198066029966,Not Recommended,255420,14270498,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MojoGarrett,meh.
76561198046897010,Recommended,255420,14655275,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Korvinos,"When I was in high school (over 10 years ago), MtG was THE card game to have. I remember watching all my classmates play against each other when we had free time. The teacher would give a free period, and out came the card decks. Due to my parents' beliefs, I was not able to join in the fun, so I watched. I always wanted to play, but I didn't know how.Here's where Magic 2015 comes in. I finally know how to play. While there are those that fault the progression of the game (the unlocking of cards as you play through the story battles), I found this immensely helpful for me - as a brand new player. I can see how a seasoned player wouldn't find that helpful or fun, but I was able to slowly add to my personal deck after seeing the cards in action through my opponent. The game challenged me to think creatively in order to beat my opponent with a limited card collection. That is what I found immensely enjoyable. I had to think outside the box. It also gave a huge sense of accomplishment when I would finally beat a boss (and I lost A LOT). Victory was all the sweeter. As I progressed, I was given more and more cards to draw from, and I had the added benefit of knowing more about what I was doing. I would have been lost and confused if I'd had a ton of cards thrown at me at once. If I had to venture a guess, I would say that this is what WotC intended. That's just my opinion, however.If you have always wanted to learn how to play Magic: The Gathering, but you weren't able to for whatever reason, you will enjoy Magic 2015. It will challenge you to think."
,Recommended,255420,14657352,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Xynstar,"Great game, WoTC did well.  No issues here."
76561198058194062,Recommended,255420,14747767,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Carl Spackler,"Really loving the Duels of the Planeswalkers line of games.  Sucks they didn't include 2 headed giant in this version, but hopefully that will be in a future update.  REALLY like the deck building aspect of 2015, instead of just choosing from prebuilt decks."
,Not Recommended,255420,14748626,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Riva Bechtol,"Worst MTG game yet. It's a gutted version of Duels 2014 thats double pay to win. Pay first to buy an incomplete game (with limited and missing features that were standard in past games), then pay again (as many times as you want!) to actually get cards (randomly of course) to (maybe) build the deck you want! Amazing right!! Woo-hoo!! Bah, how stupid is that? If I wanted to do that, I'd go back to buying the cards in real life... MTG FAIL...."
76561198074062484,Recommended,255420,14746296,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JupanDambla,Bun
76561198062102982,Recommended,255420,12867786,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Just got a knife for $0.03,"Fun game if you like magic, I like how you can build decks in this version with tons of diffrent cards. Somone of the bosses are extremmly diffcult even on easy though. Sadly there is no two headed giant or whatever that sick game mode was called from m14. Dont buy anything in this game that gives you cards it will be less fun i made that mistake7/10Pros:-Deck builder-Tons of cards-good sized campianCons-No two head giantVerdict: If you brand new to magic i would play m14 then go to m15 but if you have already played m14, m15 is very fun since you can build decks."
76561198040532559,Not Recommended,255420,14571370,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,JabbaDHutt,"A very, very hesitant recomendation. The Magic TCG is insanely fun. It's adaptation into a video game is where all of the problems lie. Expect to pay more than the asking price in in-game purchases if you want to unlock all of the cards (you do). Terrible matchmaking, slow interface, poor deck building tools, and regular game crashes when searching for a new game are all negative marks. Still, if you enjoy the Magic TCG and have the patience to deal with the problems you will get your money's worth. I have.Honestly, if you want to play Magic, buy Magic 2014, not Magic 2015."
76561198011172053,Recommended,255420,14707040,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,boss2487,I purchsed the special eddition which has the card collections included but they are locked in the game. How can i unlock them? it's askingme to purchase them although they should be included in the game right?
,Recommended,255420,14708588,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Felthrian,"While originally I opted to continue playing older versions of the game due to the pay-to-win element of the game, now they've removed that I definitely enjoy playing this version. Proper Deck Building is great, and makes up for a lot of it's downfalls. The interface is quite clunky, and I find myself using a controller because it is so much smoother."
76561198045392269,Not Recommended,255420,14738256,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,alxtribelli93,"Extremely frustrating to play against oponents who have exponentially better cards than you have.  If you decide to spend a little extra for some DLC cards in order to have a more balanced deck, YOU MAY NOT EVEN GET WHAT YOU PAYED FOR!!!  I know I didn't.No matter what you think.Save your money.Don't get this game."
76561198054533518,Not Recommended,255420,14730367,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Cronenberg Matt,Too many locked cards.  You can't even play a standard color deck unless you buy a bunch of card packs or play to unlock them all.  Magic 2013 remains the best Magic game available on Steam.
,Not Recommended,255420,14732525,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,The Entire Population of Chile,"I really like this game because when my friends are unavailable to play magic I can play this. However the way the game mechanics are, are kinda broken and uninteresting. Along with WOTC attempting to add a story to the game almost made it worse. I also think that to get all the cards you have to pay a form of real cash even if you have the actual card. Along with the repeat of magic 2014 but just with a few new cards they have deckbuilding and thats almost the only good thing about this game. I would recommend the Magic 2014 Version if considering to buy."
76561198119817575,Recommended,255420,14007308,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,cubanmassacre,"Magic 2015 is by far my favorite of the MTG games. With Total control on deck customization, and fun online gameplay. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,255420,11382787,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MaddMaxx,They fixed it but lacks modes of play.
,Recommended,255420,13378989,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bactroid,"My friends taught me the basics of Magic: The Gathering in person, but the Duels of the Planeswalkers series really helped me understand the game in a safe way where I didn't have to worry about looking stupid as I made mistakes. Magic 2015 adds the ability to build a 60-card deck from scratch, and it's a great way to get started with an excellent card game."
,Not Recommended,255420,15820166,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Avatar of Shibby,"I wish there was a mixed feeling options, and this is why.  I voted no because you need to actually go play the card game, unless you have not played Magic ever before, and are worried about going to play without have any idea (the guys at most card stores are really friendly though I promise).Buy: If you've never played Magic and want to learn, and don't want to go to the store and play the local FNM without having a clue.Don't Buy: If you've played MTG or MTGO.  This game offers a very limited scope of MTG.  The decks you can make are pretty limited.  The story mode feels like it comes down to luck more than skill (the expansion 100%).  Prepare for some hurt playing multi-player, the control decks are extreme."
,Not Recommended,255420,15812956,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Griffior,Not as good as it's predecessors.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2-fR6o3Hws
76561198082112238,Recommended,255420,15834249,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SlendyMcTendies,Great game! Much better if you have the money to spend on expansions/card packs. Otherwise you have some limited options until you beat a majority of the game and unlock most/all stock cards.Wish that ALL standard 2015 cards were available as stock and then other standards included as DLCs. Would make much more sense and would more than likely increase sales and ratings (hint hint WOTC)
76561198030748969,Recommended,255420,15758300,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Toast for Twenty,"It's still early in the year so this game still has much to be updated.PROS:100% deck customization and by far the best customization system for PC MOTG. You start out with standard collection of decks and a handful of random booster packs, which you build your own deck with. To get more cards in your collection you must either win duels (SP or MP) to get booster packs or you can just buy them all.Multi-player server usually has a good amount of players in it, as apposed to 2k14 or lower which is not practically abandoned.  For a duel I only have to wait 1 or 2 minutes at most to find a match.Titles and Personas are more challenging to earn. With 2k14 or lower you could just use them but in this game you have to gain certain achievements to use them, I.E. the title ""The Champion"" can only be used if you win 100+ MP duels. I like this about the gameCONSNO TWO HEADED GIANT. Da fuq, Wizards? Time for an update.After about 40 or so hours of game play I've become familiar with most of the cards in the 1000 card collection that everyone else has. They add a new pack every month or so that's good but it seems like the collection is small right now. Decent MOTG players have figured out what decks and cards are OP and THEY ALL USE THEM. I see a lot of the same kind of decks in MP because they are strong and way OP.  Forcing me to build a deck like it to counter or deal with getting defeated every match.Combat and blocking system still kinda sucks.Overall the game is still very fun, if you are a deck crafter then you will love the deck building system. It's MOTG that we all know and love, but could use some updates soon."
76561198151703625,Not Recommended,255420,15761763,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fainthope,Joust got the game and i am having truble playing it.    Every time i try to play it it says Fatal Error and nouthing i do is helping.    Plz help
,Not Recommended,255420,15764996,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Talion,"Let's premise this with the fact that I have sunk thousands (well over 10K) of dollars into the physical MTG game. I have been a huge fan since about 1994, when I started playing. I am a fanboy. Thus it hurts to write this review.-pros-fun MTG play styledecent graphics for a CCGopen deck building-cons-clunky controlsnovice like control of the play field unless you go tweak a lot of settingshorrible selection of matches for such an expansive universetiny card pool to build decks with (really just enough to tweak the pre-constructed decksno two headed giantzero replay value - that's the whole point in a CCG, rebuilt or modify and go at it againThis game is nothing like the actual card game so if you are looking for that epic and exciting experience that get's the blood boiling and sinks it's hooks in where all you can think is one more game, I will tweak my deck a little and go at it again and I WILL beat this deck - thats how I always felt while sitting there battling some newly conceived deck of a buddy, you should hold out and continue searching.It dissapoints and irks a bit that WotC cannot/initentionally refuses to get this formula correct. I know they would probably lose money if they created something near match perfect to the experience of playing MTG as players would turn to that and pass on a few boosters here and there. I get it, revenue is the bottom line, but seriously, they could do us old timers that have invested in them since the beginning a little favor and give us the experience we deserve. WotC, listen up, I know you have to make money, I would happily pay 100 bucks up front and a monthly subscription on par with current MMOs for the REAL MTG experience. Open ALL cards, ALL match types... give us everything. Even if it would take 5 years of playing to unlock it all I would go in for it. As it stands I won't invest another dime in MTG either physical nor digital until something makes it's way onto the scene that delivers what we deserve."
,Recommended,255420,13842158,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ev0ker,"I really enjoyed this new version of Magic Duels of the Planeswalkers.  To finally be able to truly create decks from a card collection is a real joy.  I also enjoyed the art included in this game beyond the cards themselves.  While it is unfortunate to not have more multiplayer options, I think with the change of creating battle boosters as a free reward for multiplayer makes this edition well worth the money to play."
76561198145784054,Recommended,255420,14204666,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The_Ghostfist,"Magic 2015 has alot going for it. This years deck building feature is great and easy to manage. They have fixed many of the bugged card interactions to the point where i cant think of any still broke. Once you buy the core game and expansion all cards can be unlocked through game play. Campaign mode was ok not great and online modes are limited to 1v1 or 3-4 player free for all. If you liked the previous versions of Magic DOTP and are willing to trade 2 headed giant mode for open deck building you""ll enjoy it. I recommend using a gamepad even though its a card game."
,Recommended,255420,14170873,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rata,"Wow, lots of hate here...  made me write something.The game its good.  Its more balanced and customizable than 2014.  The interface is beautiful.  My joypad works perfectly. Very easy to start a deck and improve it. Fast automatch.I hope to see in the future the two-headed giant mode."
,Not Recommended,255420,14172031,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Redburr,"Easily the worst MTG game of all of them. They seemed to have decided to take out everything I enjoyed and replaced it with clunky controls , bright white backgrounds, no fun game types, and any card remoetly intresting you have to pay for or seems to be a computer exclusive.All in all I wish they'd bring back planechase i liked that very odd and intresting game type."
76561198170638029,Not Recommended,255420,14172218,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Divine Angle,"This game is amazing!... when it decides it wants to work.And for what it costs, I don't think it's worth the risk that it won't work.Let me elaborate.The gameplay is that of the Magic card game, so if you like the game, you'll enjoy this game. If you're used to the Magic PC games by now, none of this will be too odd or out of place. It plays like it should.But... This installment actually lets you make your own decks! Imagine that, a collectible card game that lets you collect cards and make your own decks. This is an innovation that should have been implemented much sooner, in earlier titles. But it's great that it's here. This makes this installment in the Magic games significantly better than almost any other, because every victory earns you new cards, and has major implications on future duels.... That's when it wants to work...The game constantly minimizes itself, and I have to keep bringing it back up to full screen. Nothing breaks the immersion more than the game suddenly minimizing for no comprehensible reason.Not only that, but on the day this review was written, the game deleted my data. I had put almost ten hours into the game, and had actually unlocked a lot in it. This is pretty much the nail in the coffin. If it's going to put all of my time to waste, I'm not playing, nor will I reccomend it.Get 2014 instead. It may not let you build your own decks, but at least it won't stop working for no reason."
76561198108408834,Recommended,255420,14172593,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,dragonic.dude,great
76561198050808853,Recommended,255420,14173044,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,doom,"I went in thinking this edition would be pure unfiltered jenkem.Turns out, it isn't.it's basically magic 2014 but with a deck builder. and that's great."
,Not Recommended,255420,14173747,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,m45t3r_B145t3r_4n41_di54513r,"Rally sad.Love magic, but bugs and tablet-gameplay destroy the fun.100h , 100% cards  gone and never will be coming back.:,("
,Recommended,255420,14176309,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,david,"I don't have experience with the highly recommended Magic 2014, but this game rekindled my love for paper Magic and re-taught me how to play the game.That being said, I don't like the in-game purchases, but you don't really need them anyway. Instead of buying the cards in this game, go out and play at your local game store. For the €45 you'd pay for the full set of cards, you can throw together a very competitive Mono Red Aggro deck of real cards to play Standard, which you can upgrade, trade, sell, or keep."
76561198036647558,Recommended,255420,11584020,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Bryant,"Honestly this game seems more like a true magic experience than D14 did to me. I don't want to be handed cookie cutter decks to play with. I really like the idea of starting with a starter deck and opening booster packs to make it better. It brings back the feeling I had when I just started playing. I'm being forced to play with cards I wouldn't usually play with if I could just buy the mythic and rare cards I needed.I have a few friends who have picked up the game, and we're having a blast together.With the exception of the removal of two headed giant, I am loving this game."
76561198019408304,Not Recommended,255420,11620325,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,moveordie,"I wanted to explain but who cares... Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥, hope 2016 will be a better game. Too bad, what do i play now? Guess Magic 2014"
,Recommended,255420,11293756,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,XeeN,after playing it a bit I must say you can unlock like 95% of the Content without paying for it. Sounds fair to me. And its not to much grinding. Actually less then in the previous games
76561198150548760,Recommended,255420,11833233,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jesslynn,It's the basic Magic yearly game. You can get boosters to add to your collection either by playing through the game or purchasing them directly.
,Not Recommended,255420,11370623,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Commander Link,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,255420,12718734,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Jack Aleslayer,"Based on my exprience with Magic 2014:* No 2-headed giant* Poor UI and even poorer responsiveness* A Final boss that actually cheats to win - sacrificing one of my permanents which was blocking after blockers have been declared adn the damage from the attacker going though.This game was clearly coded by developers who had little knowledge of how to play the game itself and, if they did, decided that the best way to make it competetive was to have it cheat instead of having access to older, more competetive cards.  It's a shame on the franchise and I won't be buying 2016 when it comes out unless it garners far better reviews."
76561197967421949,Not Recommended,255420,12658436,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,M1tch,"This game seems pretty garbage. you can slow grind to get all the cards in the set or you can just buy them outright via microtransactons. but if you get the microtransactions you cant unlock extra copies of cards. you can only have a few copies of each rare and will never get a playset. some cards are hidden in the premium boosters and cant be unlocked through the regular game only costing you money. this game seems boring and grindy compared to the last few. dont buy this garbage, i wish i hadn't."
,Not Recommended,255420,12662122,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Gwydion,"Magic 2014 is better. You do not get enough cards to play well, the opponants are boring and get cards you can't. The bugs allow the AIs to essentially cheat. The game is broken, bad and boring."
76561197998757202,Not Recommended,255420,12647216,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,DeltaAlpha82,"While the game is mostly good at it's core, the glitches are really something to be worried about.  AI being able to sacrifice the same creature twice to get 2 tokens, AI opponent taking no damage despite no card being in play to allow it, AI forcing two creatures to fight and both dying despite clear advantage.Please patch some of the problems with this game, it's becoming more and more frequent.  I cannot recommend the game in it's current state, as it would only confuse new players."
76561198049736719,Recommended,255420,12650812,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,horrid,"Great game being able to cuztimize decks now and the variety i see in multiplayer is great. The only bad thing is having to pay extra for more cards that you can only get with money, but if you spend 25 dollars you will have all the cards and have many hours of fun i think its worth it."
,Not Recommended,255420,12623027,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Vastonik,I feel extremely restricted when I play this game. Not enough to do and not enough customization is given to you early-game for you to feel like you're actually playing MTG.I didn't play it for too long but I cannot get back into it. It's just buyer's remorse.
76561198066492728,Recommended,255420,12623762,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CheezyMrPoof,"So you're this magician, who does stuff like cast spells or whatever. You know, magic stuff. Then you choose colours because it's like politics and magicians are racist towards different colours. So you choose your colours and you pick red blue. You don't pick black white though you want. yOU PICK RED BLUE. tRUST ME, i'M A MAGICIAN.After you've picked your colours you start the main mission. You are this magician, who does magic for kids birthday parties. You have to pick the best set of your magic tricks and combos and remember not to be mana screwed. Remember BREAD BREAD BREAD. So you do your tricks to the kids and the kids have some sort of ""lifepoints"". And your objective is just to entertain the kids until they die of laughter AKA their lifepoints go down to 0.So I played this and one of the kids head exploded when I cast a spell called brainstorm. 10/10, gore, violence, drugs (aka mana), spiders, scary monsters and killing. You want this game for your 11 year old little brother or kid."
76561198001410237,Recommended,255420,12627888,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,corvan76,this is my favorite magic game that has come out so far.  I love the fact that you get a starting deck and get to build it up as you unlock boosters.  This is the most control over my deck I have ever had out of all of the games and I love it.
76561198083414328,Recommended,255420,13274752,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Yunaa,This is by far the best MTG game yet with a great deck building feature.  Other people say they hate the game becasue of microtransactions when the only thing that they hate are Microtransactions themselves.  There is no need to buy them but if you do all the power to you.  This game is really fun and I hope that more people will start to look at it the same way.
,Not Recommended,255420,13289569,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,FamousJerky,"Do not buy this game.  It is essentially an ad for the card game.  There are almost no options for customizing your starter deck, of which you can only choose once and then you are stuck with it.  You will also get slammed over and over by the AI, which has cards and decks a thousand times better than yours.  The only way to get better cards is grind the ""explore"" mode over and over, which is more boring than watching paint dry, or to buy digital cards through the online store.  Complete waste of time and money and unfortunately made me not want to play MTG ever again."
,Recommended,255420,19279889,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,theoriginalnoblefool,"Game is definitely for someone new to the game. For someone who has been playing for quite some time, it gets boring rather quickly. I do admit that the garruk campaign was quite challenging and fun, but besides that, a dull addition to the duels of the planeswalkers series."
76561198144470168,Recommended,255420,19227848,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Christopher_Ryan_Daniels,great game!
76561198047947075,Not Recommended,255420,19578999,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,blaker128,"Maybe I'll try again in six months? Hopefully by then they will have finished the game. The horrible click location means games last three times as long as they should as you desperatly flail trying to select a card. There is absolutely no excuse for how buggy this game is. You click, the game nearly crashes, then a random action occurs. The menus are possibly the worst-designed game menus I've ever seen. Clearly a fly-by-night attempt to cash in on the nostalgia surrounding the card game. That strategy certainly worked on me. Save yourself the headache and spend the twenty bucks buying packs for Hearthstone. It may be pay-to-win, but it doesn't play like an incomplete mobile app.Sloppy gameplay, multiple bugs,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor menus.Do not purchase."
76561198124176309,Not Recommended,255420,19690255,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ArcK9,Worst on yet. Go back a generation or two.
76561198039264720,Recommended,255420,19723339,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,kkrunchykyle,"Logged A lot of hours into this game.Pros: Solid length/quality Single Player, Complete freedom in deckbuilding, interesting enough cardpool to allow for wacky strats if that's your cup of tea.  Sick Card art.Cons: Not many people play the multiplayer anymore.  Magic is a little slow paced for the modern attention span.Tl;DR Totally worth it for $5-10 if you enjoy card/deckbuilding games.  Just don't go expecting longlasting multiplayer since it's past its prime.Sooo...Yes with qualifications."
